THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND.

WITH NOTES, REFERENCES, AND AN INDEX,

by THOMAS EDLYNE TOMLINS, Esq.

BARRISTER AT LAW.

VOLUME THE FIRST.

From A.D. 1801; 41 George III. - To A.D. 1803; 43 George III.

BOTH INCLUSIVE.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's Most Excellent Majesty;

And by Andrew Strahan, Law Printer to the King's Most Excellent Majesty.

M.DCCC.IV.

PREFACE.

THE Volume here presented to the Publick is to be considered as the First of a Series of The Statutes of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. It contains the Acts passed in the First and Second Sessions of the First Parliament, and in the First Session of the Second Parliament, of the United Kingdom; in the 41st, 42d, and 43d Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third. The Union took place on the first Day of January 1801, pursuant to the British Statute 39, 40 G. 3. c. 67. and the Irish Statute 40 G. 3. c. 38. which are precisely similar to each other.

The First Session of the First Parliament commenced on the 22d Day of January, 41 G. 3. A.D. 1801. The Statutes of that Session are distinguished in Citation (by the Letters U.K.) from those of the last Parliament of Great Britain, which were also passed in the 41st Year of the King.

This Volume is likewise to be considered with reference to an intended Publication of the preceding Statutes (from Magna Carta down to the Union of Great Britain and Ireland), now preparing for the Press by the same Editor. It seems necessary, therefore, not only to explain the Principles by which the Collection has been regulated in the present instance, but also to advert, as well retrospectively as prospectively, to those other Parts which will hereafter unite themselves to this, towards the forming a progressive and uniform Edition of the Statutes of the Kingdom.

The Foundations of our History, Ecclesiastical and Civil, can be discovered with certainty only in our Records; in the antiquity and abundance of which, it is confessed, we excell all the Nations of Europe. Of Records, none can be more Important or authentic than those which contain the written Laws, the express Rules of Action, in the infinitely varying occurrences of human life, arising in a Country which has arrived at a height of Civilization, Opulence, and Power, unequalled in the History of the World.

These Laws, the result of the combined exertions of the Representatives of the People, and the grand Hereditary Council of the Monarch, in Parliament, contain in them the undoubted evidence of the progressive state of the Country in Religion and Politics, in Arms and Arts, in all that preserves and adorns civilized Society; in all that renders life valuable, and distinguishes Man from the beasts that perish.

[Preface not corrected hereon.]

The attention paid by his present Majesty to the wishes of fotne of his most enlightened Subjects has been eminently displayed by the Commission granted, in the Year 1800, for the purpose of examining and arranging the publick Records of the Kingdom. Some important Heps, it is known, have already been taken in' consequence of that Commission; and doubtless the full effect of the exertions of the Commissioners will in due time appear before the Publick.

With respect to the Statutes of the Kingdom, the Country has long been in possession of printed Sources, from which Collections have been made as from undoubted anjl authentic Materials.

It appears that the Publication of the Statutes in England has, almost ever since the introduction of Printing, been made by the King's Printer, under Authority from the Crown; express or implied. The first Statutes, printed immediately on their passing, were those of Richard III. and they have been continued by Sessions to the present time. What degree of authenticity, however, was attached to such Sessional Publications was (until lately) problematical. By Cap. 90. of 41 G. 3. ( .) §9, it is now enacted.

That for the better and more effectual proof of the Statute Law of Great Britain and Ireland respectively, previous to the Union of the said Kingdoms, the Copy of the Statutes of England, (and of Great Britain since the Union with Scotland?) printed and published by the Printer duly authorized to print and publish the same by His Majesty or by any of his Royal Predecessors, shall be received in the Courts of Ireland as conclusive Evidence of the English or British Statutes made prior to the Union of Great Britain and Ireland; and in like manner, the Irish Statutes so printed and published shall be conclusive Evidence, in the British Courts, of Irish Statutes, passed previous to the Union.

In Ireland, similar Sessional Publications have from time to time taken place. An Edition of all the Statutes at Large passed in that Kingdom is printed by the King's Printer, and is stated in the Title-page to be " Published by Authority." It appears by the Preface that it was so printed in consequence of an Address, in 1762, by the House of Lords, and under the inspection of the Lord Chancellor and Judges there.

In Scotland, Sessional Publications of the Statutes of that Kingdom, previous to the Union with England, appear authenticated by the Clerk-Register, as extracted from the Records of Parliament. Repeated instances also occur of Acts of the Parliament of Scotland requiring and authorizing the Publication of such Acts as concern the Common Weal. Collections of Acts were from time to time made by Authority; and a general Collection of the Scotch Acts from yarns I. of Scotland to Charles II. was published " by His Majesty's special Warrant, " in the time of the last mentioned Monarch.

1 This is to be understood as applying only to the Folio Publications of the Acts at large by the King's Printer, usually called the Black-Letter Acts: not to general Collections by private Editors, although printed by the King's Printer; as these are not published by Authority.

PREFACE.

In consequence of the very able Reports made in the Year 1796 to the British House of Commons, by the Committees on Temporary Laws and on the Promulgation of the Statutes, many material Improvements have been made, as well before as since the Union with Ireland, in the Classing and Distribution of the Statutes by the King's Printer. The Publick feel allured that the Sagacity and Diligence which has already suggested and performed so much on this subject will not Hop until the System shall have-received all the Improvement of which it is susceptible.

Claiming indulgence for the foregoing general Observations, the mode adopted in the present Volume shall now be Hated. Like all preceding Editions of the Statutes which have been given to the Publick by a private Editor, it is founded on the Collections of ACb printed by the King's Printer, and distributed by him under the Authority of Parliament. Of the progress and contents of such original Collections it may not be wholly irrelevant to enter into some more extensive details.

It has been already observed, that the first Statutes printed immediately on their passing were those of Richard III. They were published A.D. 1483, by Caxton; and Copies of his Edition of the Acts of that Reign, in the French Language, still remain extant. This may, it is believed, with truth be considered as the first Sessional Publication. A Volume of the Statutes from 1 Edward III. to 22 Edward IV. was printed nearly at the same time, but probably rather after than before the thin Folio or Volume containing the Statutes of Richard IIL*. A Collection, printed by Lettou and Machlinia, was the only Publication respecting the Statutes previous to those already mentioned: it is usually supposed to have been printed before 1481. It contains an Abridgement of the Statutes down to 33 Henry VI. A.D. 1452. From the time of Richard III. to the present, the Statutes have been printed by the King's Printer at the end of each Session.

The distinction between Publick and Private Acts is not applied in Collections of the English Statutes at Large (as they are called), to any Statutes previous to those of Richard HI. From that period only does such distinction commence, in the several Tables prefixed to the respective Collections; yet it is certain that many Statutes were passed in the Reign of King Edward IV. and several preceding Reigns, of the same nature as those classed in the lift of Private Acts of Richard III. and in the subsequent Reigns. The distinction has not only produced much difcuftion, uncertainty, and inconsistency, but has, k may be afterted, given rife to erroneous conjectures respecting the origin of these private or particular Acts, which fuller information may tend to correct.

The Volume of the Statutes from I Ed. 3. to 22 Ed. 4. was reprinted by about the Year 1497,

with the addition of the Statutes 1 to 12 H.7. In both these Editions the Statutes of Ric. 3. are in, from Caxton't Text. Caxton was Printer to Ed. 4. Ric. 3. and Hea. 7. and Pynfon to Hen. 7. and Hen. 8. BertbeUt fuccceded as Printer to the latter Monarch.

PREFACE.

Before the introduction of Printing, the Statutes were promulgated by Proclamation in the several Counties in consequence of Writs sent to the Sheriff, with Exemplifications of the Statutes to be proclaimed. The mode of Promulgation by Printing was found to be so much more convenient and extensive, that the former mode of Promulgation by Writ to the Sheriff very soon fell into disuse. What Statutes precisely were included in such Promulgation by Writ, and what omitted, it is not very easy now to determine: but we are well assured that all Acts passed in every Parliament were not thus promulgated, very many Acts being to be found in the Volumes of the Parliament Rolls, printed by order of Government, which have never yet appeared, or been noticed, in any of our printed Statute Books, and probably, therefore, were never entered on the Statute Roll. It may be safely concluded, that all such Acts as were proclaimed were, in the broad sense of the word, and were such of which the Judges were bound to take notice judicially, without their being specially pleaded. The other Acts not so promulgated have by usage acquired the term of Private Acts (though this may be thought a legal solecism), and were such as the Judges were not bound to take notice of, unless specially pleaded.

After the introduction of Printing, a distinction took place, (more easily defined at least, if not more precise in legal signification, ) namely, between Acts printed and Acts not printed. Among the former were all such as, having passed previous to Richard III. and having been within general knowledge, or contained in Manuscript Collections, made before that time for the use of the Judges or for private information, were afterwards printed for the purpose of more extensive circulation and also all such Acts as, having passed in or after the Reign of Richard III. were contained in the Sessional Publications already alluded to.

These Sessional Publications were at first entirely confined to such Acts as concerned the Publick Weal; in no instance containing all the Acts which passed in any Session of Parliament: which appears manifeff from the Titles of the several Collections, but still more by comparing them with the printed Parliament Rolls already referred to This course continued until the 13th of Queen Elizabeth (A.D. 1571). At the end of the Publication of the Acts of that Session, first appeared " A Table of certain Acts passed " and not printed j" and a like Table continued to be published in subsequent Sessions .uninterruptedly, until the 7 Jac. I., and probably much later. In what Year the Lift of Acts not printed* was changed to a List of*Private is not at present exactly

known. In the Reigns of Charles II.* and James II. sometimes the one mode of expression was used and sometimes the other; and it seems that the distinction of the Acts, into Publick and Private was not uniformly made before the ift of William and Mary.

# Sec post Note (6).

PREFACE;

The Translations, and general Collections, published in the 16th and ryth centuries by Rajlalt, Barker, Pulton, Keb/e, and others ', all proceeded on the foundation of former printed Editions and the Sessional Publications by the King's Printer, without any lifts or notices of such Act as had never been printed. Nor was it until about the commencement of the 18th Century, that a Table or Lift of these latter was introduced under the title of Private Acts in the beginning of the several Volumes of the Collections of the Statutes at large; which method was adopted by, Cay, and all subsequent Editors.

The conclusion which it seems may be justly drawn from a view of the drcumstances before stated, as they appear on the successive Editions of our Statutes, is, — that Publick Acts, or Acts*bonum publicum concernentia, were at first proclaimed by the Sheriff. That on the Introduction of Printing such Acts were printed $ and that the fad of Proclamation or Printing rendered them Publick Acts; all Acts not so proclaimed or printed, being in common parlance Private Acts. In process of time the Rule was reverted j and as in former times an Act was publick because it was printed, in more modem times an Act was not printed unless it was publick: so that the application of the criterion was changed, and the Act was printed, not to make it publick, but because. it was considered by the King's Printer, or those under whose controul he acted, as of a publick nature.

Perhaps this suggestion will in some measure account for the difficulty which has so frequently occurred in the attempt to make an accurate distinction between Publick and Private Acts, and may be further elucidated by the following Observations.

the Collection of printed Acts and Acts considered as publick, many have been inserted which are merely local or personal'j and in the Lift of what were (with apparent Impropriety) classed in the Table of Private Acts, some few were contained of a most important publick nature and consequence \ The manner in which this irregularity arose and increased, and how far it has of late been attempted to be remedied, is matter of interest to the systematic Reader.

The SessionaL Publications, we have seen, were originally confined to Acts manifestly publick; but the progress of Knowledge and Commerce soon produced many Acts which, though confined as to the circle in which they operated, were very naturally and at first wifely considered in their purport as of a publick nature; and were therefore included in such

1 Ra/talf* CoDedion (or Abridgment), at published in 1557 (and afterward* in 1559 and 1565) contained all the Ada to the end of Ric. 3. in their original language. The other Collections, mentioned in the Text, confided only of Translations of the Acts at lengths. In subsequent Editions of RaJlaWs Collection, the old Acts were translated.

The very fird Act which occurs in the List of Private Acts, I Ric. 3. is the Titufus Regius, the Title or Allegation of King Richard1 % Right to the Crown. The Acts for acknowledging the Title of King Henry VII. on his Accession, and for repealing the Act of Ric. 3. (see printed Rolls of Parliament, vol. vi. p. 170. and 189.) have never appeared in any Edition of our Statute Book. The former is not even mentioned in the Table of Acts, i Hat. 7. and the latter in the Lift of Private Acts, (No. 17.) only by the words, AdsuJhit§ A8us, &c.

Sessional Collections of Publick Acts. The number of local Acts thus admitted continued to increase from time to time, and such Acts as were merely personal were by like degrees excluded from these Collections, and noticed only in the lift of Acts not printed. The first symptom of legislative notice on the subject of distinguishing Local Acts from those of a more general tendency, appears in the 23d In the*Table of Acts not printed'

at the end of that Session, the first Ad noticed is For the Inning of Erith and Plumsted " Marsh." And in the margin is a Note, This Act by special Suit is also printed.' It appears as Cap. 13. of the Publick Acts of that Session, but without any particular Clause for declaring it publick.

The next step towards giving such Local Acts the advantages of general Acts seems to have been by extending to them the benefit of pleading the general Issue. From the title of the Act 1 Jac. I. c. 23, "For the better Preservation of Fishing in the Counties of Somerset, Devon, and Cornwall, and for the Relief of Balkers, Condors, and Fishermen against malicious Suits" and from the Preamble, which contains a long recital of the mischief to be remedied, we may conclude that the attention of the Legislature had been called to the distinction between Publick and Private Acts by feme proceedings at Law, resulting from the maxim that the latter must be specially pleaded. By this Act the Defendant is enabled to plead the general Issue, Not Guilty, in answer to any Action for matters done under the Act.

This Clause is frequently repeated in Acts of a similar nature passed during the Reign of the Stuarts, and the Republican Usurpation. The mode of its introduction and continuance in these Local Acts may suggest a question as to the propriety of its insertion in Publick Acts. It appears to have been designed for the protection of Defendants, under Acts which might otherwise riot' have been considered as publick; and was intended to place those Acts on the same footing, and to give them the same advantages as Acts of a more general and undoubted publick nature ?.

During the Usurpation frequent instances occur of Clauses annexed to Acts and Ordinances, requiring that they Should be*forthwith printed and published, that all persons concerned may take notice : And this Clause is found as well at the end of some Acts of a general nature, as of others the subject of which is confined.6

' See Stat. 23 Hen.8. e. y. §11. (as to Sewers) — 43 c. 2. $ 19. (Poor) and l Jac. r. c. 15. §16*

(Bankrupts), containing Clanfes somewhat similar to that in i Jac. I. c. 23.

6 In the 13th of Car. 2. (c. 7.) is u An Act for confir: ing publick Acts,* by which certain Acts of T2 Car. 2. relating to the Privilege# and Revenues of the Crown, are recited and confirmed. By Cap. n. of the same Session, two other Acts relating to the Crown, and the Act 12 Car. 2. c. 33. relating to Marriages during the Usurpation, are confirmed. And by Cap. 14. of the same Session, 13 Car. 2. for confirming the Navigation Act (12 Car. 2. c. 18.), " and several other Act# both publick and private, " several Acts in the Lift of publick Acts, 12 Car. 2. arc confirmed, as also the private Act (r. 12.) for the Haher-danieis* Company. The Publick Acts of 12 Car. 2. not thus confirmed, are Cap. i. for removing Doubts a# to that Parliament, — Cap. 3. for the Continuance of Judicial Proceedings, — Cap. 7. for restoring the Marquis of Ormond, — Cap. 16. for disbanded Soldiers. — Cap. 17. for restoring Ministers, — Cap. 31. for confirming Leases of Colleges, — and Cap. 37. for Covent Garden Parish.

PREFACE. ix

It was not until towards the commencement of the Reign of William III. that a specifick Clause was introduced for declaring publick Acts, the nature or subject of which related to certain Places or Individuals, or respecting which any Doubts might be entertained how far they were to be considered as publick or general.

The first Clause of this kind which (after repeated search) has occurred to the Editor is in the Act 2 W. & M. fejf. t. c. 8. for reversing the Judgement in J Warranto against the City of London. It was probably infested in that Ad on very serious Advisement; at all events pro majori Cautela. The terms of this Clause ($ 17. of the Act), and of another for the Relief of the Orphans of, 5 M. c. to §31.

shew the consideration used on that subject; and the words7 are in part similar to those introduced pursuant to the Resolution of the Houses of Lords and Commons in the Session 43 Geo. III. noticed hereafter.

From the beginning of the Reign of William III. to the end of that of Queen, several Acts for local purposes are to be found in the body of the Publick Acts, with a general publick Clause annexed; yet in the course of that period many Acts, of a nature precisely similar with those containing this publick Clause, are admitted in the same Series of Acts, without such a Clause, though generally with the Clause giving the benefit of pleading the general I flue; and in several Instances these two Clauses appear united in one. It is to be observed also, that during this period many Local Acts are contained in the lift of Private A fit; and that, of the Acts originally passed without the publick Clause, several are declared publick, by Clauses in subsequent continuing or amending Acts.

From the beginning of the Reign of George I. to the Tear 1798, Acts of a local nature, infested in the Series of Publick Acts, very generally contain the publick Clause, which is also not unfrequently (though uselessly) infested in many Acts essentially publick. Acts of a local nature and not having the publick Clause are during that time infested in the Lift of Private Acts.

In the Year 1796, the Report already alluded to, respecting the Promulgation of the Statutes, was made to the British House of Commons by the Committee appointed for that purpose; in consequence of which the Statutes of the 38th Year of the King were arranged into three Series — 1. Publick General Acts — 2. Publick Local and Personal Acts — and 3. Private Acts — the two former being printed and distributed by

1 Provided always and be it enacted, that this present Act of Parliament shall be accepted, taken, an reputed to be a General and Publick Act of Parliament of which all and every the Judge and Judges of this kingdom, in all Courts, shall take notice on all pccafibns whatsoever, as if it evert a fubUck Act of Parliament relating to the whole Kingdom, any thing herds contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

M. 8. $ 17.

k la the Clause of the Act $ c. xo. the words are u a General of Parliament."

X PREFACE.

the King's Printer, and the latter remaining as heretofore unprinted: But where the Parties concerned followed the Directions of the Legislature, and procured a Clause to be inserted for declaring the Act to be publick, such Acts were placed in the second Series.

In the course of the Session 43 Geo. III. Experience and unremitting Attention to the subject evinced the necessity of some further Regulation, and the Series were then classed in the following manner — 1. Publick General Acts — 2. Local and Personal Acts to be judicially noticed: (including as well Local made publick by the usual publick. Clause, as also Local and Personal Acts having a Clause introduced in pursuance of a Resolution of the Houses of Lords and Commons in that Session: s) — and 3. Local and Personal Acts not printed: (being such as were before called Private Acts).

Thus have we, after many changes and irregularities, reverted to the Ancient and Constitutional Classification of the Statute Law; to the Distih&ion between Acts published and not published, printed and not printed; as nearly as the' circumstances of the time, the increased number of Acts, and the infinite variety of matter contained in them, will allo4r. A continued, active, and vigilant Superintendance is still requisite to keep this unwieldy and increasing mass in due order.

The changes noticed as having taken place in the progress of the Statutory distinction between Publick and Private Acts', in the form and arrangement rather than in the substance.of the English or British Statute Law, are the natural result of a widely extended System of Legislation. In the Collections of Scotch Laws, the Series of Acts have been invariably divided into printed and not printed (or omitted); the latter being in former times described also as ' Particular Acts' — a term which seems peculiarly expressive of the nature of all local and personal Acts. Lists of these unprinted Acts are given from the earliest period of the Scotch Statute Book, and appear to be (with a few important exceptions) for the most part personal; while the general Acts are almost invariably of a nature entirely publick, and happily from the character and situation of the - Country, in most instances short and explicit. In the Collection of Irish Statutes, all

See Votes of the House of Commons, March 18, 22, and 24, 1803.- — The following is the Form of the Clause:

" And be it enacted, that this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King's most Excellent Majesty, " and when so printed may be given in Evidence in all Courts of Justice, and before all Judges and Justices " whomsoever, who shall take judicial notice thereof in like manner as if the same had been declared a Publick " Act."

The following is the Form of the General Publick Clause:

" And be it further enacted, that this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and " shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other persons whomsoever, without " specially pleading the same."

As to the legal distinction between general or puilici Statutes, and particular or private Statutes, and the effect of such distinction in various particulars, fee Hargr. Co. Lilt. 98 (i), 99 (a), and the Note there. See also the Report of the Committee of the House of Commons on the Promulgation of the Statutes, printed Dec. 1796. See the same Report also as to the Parliamentary Distinction between Publick and Private Acts, respecting the fees paid on their passing.

PREFACE. xi

the Acts are included in one Series. Those which in their nature are local or personal being declared publick by Clauses for that purpose, similar in nature and progress to those already dated from the English Acts. It must not be forgotten however, that the aggregate number of Legislative Acts of both those Countries bears a very small proportion to the immense Contents of the English and Statute Book, from Magna Carta to the present time.

Having thus given a progressive view of the nature of the Source, from which all Collections of our Statute Law, by private Editors, mud of necedity proceed; (and which, with reference to the more ancient Statutes previous to the Reign of Richard III. it is intended shall be enlarged on, in the Preface or Introdudory Discourse to the fird Volume of the Series beginning with Magna Carta; ) little remains on the present occasion but to date what is to be expected in this Volume.

The Title heretofore used of Statutes at Large has not been strictly applicable to the Contents of the Works to which it has been usually prefixed. All Editions subsequent so that called Ra/lall's (published by the King's Printers in 1618°) omit or abridge the repealed Statutes, and also such other Acts as, though printed in the Scdional Publications, were not considered to be of a nature directly publick. In fad, if this course had not been pursued, the bulk of those works mud have progressively increased so as to render them intolerably burthensome, and in a great measure useless. In what other particulars thele Editions were deficient will be more fully dated, at the future opportunity already alluded to; but to the particular deficiency here mentioned little can be objected, except its inconfidency with the titles of the respective Collections. It was the intention1 of them all to give the exiding Laws, for the use of the Profession, in as moderate a compafe as podible, free from such extranepus matter as appeared unintereding and unprofitable to the general Lawyer, and aided by such Notes, References, and Indexes, as might render the consultation of them most easy for practical purposes.

Such also is the intention of the present Editor; and, in endeavouring to complete it with fidelity and accuracy, he has spent more time and labour than will be readily imagined on a cursory view. Though the path of his toils was not unexplored, he conceived that* with a view to all the circumstances already detailed, he was called upon to exercise a judgment somewhat different from that of a mere Continuator of the exertions of others. He considered himself as marking out a 'Precedent for future popular Editions of the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and as laying down a Principle by which the great body of the Acts of each Section might be uniformly reduced to such a size and arrangement, as to afford most information and satisfaction to the general Student and to the practising Lawyer.

" This Edition is distinct from the Collection originally published by Raflall himself in 1557, mentioned in Note (3).

PREFACE.

With respect to the Publick General; the rule here followed has been,

to give at full length the first recurring Statute of all such Acts as form any particular precedent of Legislation to be annually or frequently resorted to at future periods; such, for example, as the annual Malt and Pension-duty, the Mutiny Acts, the Acts respecting Loans, Lotteries, and a variety of others which mull fugged themselves to the Reader. Having so done, whenever similar Acts occur, such parts only of these are dated as differ from former Acts of the same nature; or when the difference is merely in dates and fumis, such Notes are given as show the precise effect of the Act, without repeating the formal detail. In like manner, where an Act has been passed in the first indance, for the effectuating any object within one part of the United Kingdom, and the same purpose is by subsequent Acts extended to other parts of the Kingdom (as particularly in the Acts 43 Geo. III. for raising an additional Military Force in Scotland, and Ireland respectively, ) the first Ad only is given at length; such parts of the other Acts as are precisely or essentially similar being noticed in an Abdrad, marking the limilarity, or describing the difference, if any; but when the knowledge of the precise terms of the Act is absolutely requisite, the Clause or Ad is given at length, without regard to the appearance of repetition, or the effect of increasing the bulk of the Volume; these being, in all indances, circumstances secondary to that of uniformly pursuing the principle above noticed.

The Acts passed from time to time for the continuance of divers temporary Laws, and also such Clauses in any Acts as are merely temporary, or contain a Repetition of formal Provisions frequently recurring, have in general been abridged or abdraded, so as to point out didindly the Subdance of the Clause, the term of Continuance, and the former Acts referred to.

Throughout the Volume a minute attention has been paid to the marginal

which the Editor has endeavoured to make as condfe and explicit as possible. Whenever an Act is cited or referred to, the Chapter, and, where necessary, the Section, is noted in the margin. Where also an Act is very long and detailed, and full of references from one part to another, the words*herein-before, ' and herein after, ' are explained by References to the foregoing or subsequent Sedions: and in general, whenever an Act is any way affected by a subsequent Ad of the same Section, the necessary Reference is made.

Where any doubt has arisen as to the accuracy of the text, after the Proofs were Tead by the Editor, the Printer has referred to the Roll in the Parliament Office. Allowing, therefore, for the probability of some errors escaping the most unwearied attention, it is to be understood that the Acts are an accurate transcript from the Roll. Some manifest errors have been conreded by subsequent Acts; and whenever these took place in time, they are noticed in the print. Such as could not be so noticed will be

PREFACE.

found in the Addenda el Corrigenda* at the end of the Volume; to which the Lawyer will do well to pay early attention, for the purpose of marking the necessary alterations with his pen. In ? yery few instances the suggestion of an error in the Roll itself is made in a marginal note: it may perhaps be wished by some that this method had been more frequently adopted.

The fluduating State of our Laws is such (it may be inevitably) as to have cau^d the Inferdon of several Acts in the p.rquent Volume which in (he progress of its being printed have been repealed and replaced by others. This is an Inconvenience which it is not poiftble to avoid, in a Publication by Sessions for immediate use.

Thus much with respect to the Publick General Acts, which must ever form the main body of our Statute Book. In preparing the second Series of each Seflkm, e. the Printed Local and Per/<opal A fit, it has been the design to admit only those Parts of them which appeared interesting, namely, such as affect the publick Law of the Kingdom or any Bodies or Persons being in their nature peculiarly publick. On this ground all Clauses in these Acts which create Felonies, all which relate to the Rights of the ye

been (it is believed uniformly) noticed. Such also as may be considered historically interesting, of which nature is that relating to the Foundation of Downing College (41 G. 3. c. 140.) and others, seem particularly to claim a place. In several Inclosure and other Acts, Provisions are made for the Relief of the for the Fxdnguishment of, and for the efteduating of other objects, which though local in their operation, yet if carried into extensive effect by numerous Acts, must so materially ameliorate, or at all all events alter, the general Law of the Land, as to require the noticd of the Constitutional Lawyer.11 To such Acts as relate to the City of, peculiar attention has ever been paid, insomuch that they have been considered in some Editions of the Statutes, (and, to a certain degree, in legal Decisions, ) as amongst the most important publick Acts. The References made in the Margin of the Acts in this Series (and in the Table of Private Acts) to former Acts which they alter or continue, have, it -is probable, cost much more time than will be repaid by the Utility of them, which must in its Nature be very confined.

The Index to the Volume is formed upon the same Plan as that to the Volume of the Quarto Statutes from 39 Geo. IQ. to 41 Geo. III. ( .) with such Improvements as

Experience has suggested. It has this Advantage over the Indexes to every other preceding Volume, that it refers to all the printed Acts, including those for,

&c. under their respective general Heads. The Particulars requisite to be attended to in

u It is to be observed that fixnilar Provisions arc also contained in Acts not printed*. It may probably hereafter become matter of consideration, whether all Acts of this nature ought not to appear on our Statute Book, and whether the lift of unprinted Acts should not be strictly confined to Acts relating to Individuals, and which may therefore be considered rather as Parliamentary Conveyances than as tending to affect the general Law of the Land.

PREFACE.

[correcting resumes here.]

consulting it are Rated at the Head of the index. Whatever deficiencies may arise from the want of References throughout the Volume will be found to be supplied by this Index; which distinctly shews the various Continuations, Alterations, or Repeals of the several Acts by each other.

To conclude: If this Volume shall be found to answer the Ends proposed, the Editor will feel himself encouraged to persevere in the Undertaking of preparing the Edition of the previous Statutes of England, and of Great, from Magna Carta to the End of 1800 inclusive; to which it is intended that a General Index shall be added, of a nature more extensively useful than any which has yet appeared. It is also.his Intention to continue the Series here begun, as long as his Health and Faculties are spared to the Service of his Country.

THO. EDLYNE TOMLINS.

Fludyer Street,

23d Jan. 1804.

A

TABLE

Containing THE TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed in the FIRST Session of the FIRST Parliament

OF THE

United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland:

41 GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

Anno 41 Georgii III.

1. AN Act to suspend, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prevent, until the sixth Day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, the manufacturing of any Fine Flour from Wheat or other Grain, and the making of any Bread solely from the Fine Flour of Wheat; and to repeal an Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for permitting Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread, and to make more effectual Provision for the same; as relates to other Grain than Wheat; and for indemnifying Persons who may have dressed, sold, or used any Meal or Flour of such other Grain finer than is prescribed by the said Act. Page 1

2. An Act to repeal an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prevent, until the sixth Day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, the manufacturing of any Fine Flour from Wheat or other Grain, and the making of any Bread solely from the Fine Flour of Wheat; and to repeal an Act passed in the thirty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for permitting Bakers to malt and sell certain Sorts of Bread, and to make more effectual Provision for the same; and to indemnify Millers and other Persons who have dressed, sold, or used any Meal or Flour of a finer Description than allowed by the said Act. 2

3. An Act for raising the Sum of twenty-eight Millions by way of Annuities. Ibid.

4. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred and one. 7

5. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Captain Sir Sidney Smith, in Consideration of the eminent Services which he has rendered during his Command on the Coast of Egypt. 8

6. An Act for increasing the Number of Field Officers of the several Regiments of Militia in Ireland. 9

7. An Act for repealing the Rates and Duties of Postage in Great Britain, and granting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof, and on Letters conveyed to or from any Part of the United Kingdom from or to any Place out of the said Kingdom, and by Packet Boats from or to the Ports of Holyhead and Milford Haven. Ibid.

8. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, made in or imported into Great Britain; and on Tea imported into and sold in Great Britain. 13

9. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Horses in Great Britain and for exempting from Duty, Horses kept for the Purpose of Husbandry, by Persons holding Farms under a certain Value. Page 16

10. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and Insurances; and on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds. 17

11. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 20

12. An Act to amend an Act made in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to permit Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread. 39

13. An Act for increasing the Bounties granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, on Flour imported from America, in Ships which shall have cleared out between certain Periods. 40

14. An Act for amending and further continuing, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one, two Acts, passed in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Suppression of the Rebellion which still exists within that Kingdom, and for the Protection of the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's faithful Subjects within the same. 41

15. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one, an Act, made in the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against his Majesty's Person and Government. Ibid.

16. An Act to prohibit, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, the making of Malt and the distilling of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Ireland. 42

17. An Act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, certain Acts of the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, for granting Duties to his Majesty. 43

18. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two.

19. An Act for reviving and continuing, until the first Day October one thousand eight hundred and one, so much of an Act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; for reviving, continuing until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, and amending, an Act made in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for enabling his Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into Great Britain, in Neutral Ships; for reviving, and continuing until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, and from thence until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act made in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for authorizing his Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope; and for reviving and making perpetual an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for preventing Offences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging Ships, and in obstructing Seamen and others from pursuing their lawful Occupations. 51

20. An Act to extend, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and one, the provisions of an Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Cultivation, Improvement, and Regulation of the Common Arable Fields, Wastes, and Commons of Pasture, in this Kingdom, and for encouraging the Cultivation of Potatoes in Open and Common Field Lands. Page 52

21. An Act for permitting East India Goods prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, and warehoused, in pursuance of an Act made in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to be removed by Land Carriage to certain Ports, for the Purpose of being exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies. 53

22. An Act to render valid Indentures of Apprenticeship of Poor Children and others, made upon improper Stamps, upon certain Conditions; and to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties thereby. Ibid.

23. An Act for the better Collection of Rates made for the Relief of the Poor. 54

24. An Act for the indemnifying of Persons injured by the forcible pulling down and demolishing of Mills, or of Works thereunto belonging, by Persons unlawfully and riotously assembled. 56

25. An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Master of the Rolls, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and for augmenting the Salary annexed to the said Office. Ibid.

26. An Act for reviving and further continuing, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, several Acts, made in the thirty-eighth, thirty-ninth, and fortieth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, for empowering his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Governments. 58

27. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money for the Service of Great Britain, to be raised by a Lottery. 60

28. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Timber, Sugar, Raisins, and Pepper, imported into, and on Lead exported from, Great Britain. 70

29. An Act for granting an additional Duty on English Spirits imported into Scotland, and for allowing, until forty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Distillation of Spirits in Scotland, from Melasses or Sugar, at a lower Rate of Duty. 75

30. An Act to revive and continue, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies. 76

31. An Act to revive and continue, until the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for shortening, until the twenty fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, the Time of keeping in Steep, for Malting, Barley damaged by Rain in the last Harvest. Ibid.

32. An Act for granting to his Majesty several Sums of Money for defraying the Charge of certain permanent Services in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland. Ibid.

33. An Act for repealing certain Duties upon Tea imported into Ireland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for granting additional Duties on Sugar and Coals imported into Ireland. 78

34. An Act for granting Bounties on the Importation into Ireland of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, and Indian Corn, and of Barley, Rye, Oats, Indian Meal, and Wheaten Flour and Rice. 79

35. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Inn-keepers and others on quartering Soldiers. 82

36. An Act For enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to prohibit for a limited Time, so as such Prohibition shall not endure beyond the Expiration of six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, and of all Provisions whatsoever; and to permit for such limited Time the Importation into Ireland of Corn and Fish, and all Provisions whatsoever, without Payment of Duty; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted for the Service of the Publick, in advising or carrying into Execution certain Proclamations of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland. Page 84

37. An Act for making Provision for the Entry and Return Voyages of certain Ships which may import Rice or other Grain from the East Indies, and to authorize the Importation of Rice or other Grain into Ireland, in Ships coming directly from the East Indies. 85

38. An Act to amend so much of an Act passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen, and to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof; as relates to the Forms of Conviction therein referred to 86

39. An Act for the more effectually preventing the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Post Bills. 87

40. An Act to permit Persons in Holy Orders to keep one Horse only for the Purpose of Riding, without being subject to the Duty granted by an Act of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, under certain Limitations. 88

41. An Act for allowing, until the twentieth Day of August one thousand eight hundred and one, the Importation into Ireland of British and Foreign Hops at a like Duty as is payable in Great Britain for the same. 89

42. An Act to exempt Elephant Oil sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales. Ibid.

43. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in England, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one. Ibid.

44. An Act for reviving, continuing until the twentieth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and two, and amending an Act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, granted by an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; for reviving so much of an Act made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, until the tenth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and one. 93

45. An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and two, several Laws passed in the Parliament of Ireland, relating to the regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and securing the Duties payable on Tobacco; to the collecting and Securing the Duties upon Malt; to the Securing the Duties on Auctions and Glass Bottles, and on Paper printed, painted, or stained to serve for Hangings; to the regulating the Trade of rectifying Spirits and preventing Frauds by Rectifiers; to the further Improvement of the Fisheries on the Coasts of Ireland; to the better Collection of the Duties on tanned Hides and Skins, and on Vellum, and Parchment; to the better regulating the granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance of Exciseable Goods; to the regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures; to the better Securing the Duties on Licences to Persons engaged in certain Trades; to the better regulating the Collection of his Majesty's Revenue, and preventing Frauds therein; and to revive and continue until the said twenty-ninth Day of September, an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign for granting Annuities In Manner therein provided. Page 96

46. An Act to render valid all Acts done in Execution of three Several Orders of his Majesty in Council relating to Bills of Exchange drawn by Persons in Russia, and to Freight of Russia, Swedish, and Danish Ships. 97

47. An Act to amend and continue until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and two, an Act passed in Ireland in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Trade of a Distiller, and for securing the Duties payable on Home-made Spirits. 98

48. An Act to continue until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and two, and amend the Several Laws in Ireland to regulate the issuing of Licences for the Sale of Wine, Ale, Beer, Cider, and Spirituous Liquors by Retail, and for preventing the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors. 99

49. An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments in Ireland according to Law. Ibid.

50. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money for defraying the Charge of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one; and for amending an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Management, Support, and Maintenance of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin; and for amending and further continuing an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Management of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin. 100

51. An Act to permit Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused without Payment of Duties, under certain Restrictions, for a limited Time. Ibid.

52. An Act for declaring what Persons shall be disabled from sitting and voting in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and also for carrying into Effect, Part of the fourth Article of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, by providing in what Cases Persons holding Offices or Places of Profit under the Crown of Ireland, shall be incapable of being Members of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the Said United Kingdom. 104

53. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the second Year of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof. 106

54. An Act to continue, until the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and two, an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, and for improving the Revenue thereof; and also to repeal and amend certain of the Provisions of the said Act. 107

55. An Act to revive and continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, so much of an Act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament, and to amend the said Act. 108

56. An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace. 109

57. An Act for the better Prevention of the Forgery of the Notes and Bills of Exchange of Persons carrying on the Business of Bankers. 111

58. An Act for granting to his Majesty, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, additional Stamp Duties in Ireland, on Bonds, Bills of Exchange, and Promissory Notes, and on certain Insurances therein mentioned; and for the Relief of Persons in Ireland holding Obligatory Instruments called Kerry Bonds, which have been executed without being duly stamped. 112

59. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Lady Abercromby, Baroness Abercromby of Aboukir, and the two next Persons to whom the Title of Baron Abercromby shall descend, in Consideration of the eminent Merits of the late Right Honourable General Sir Ralph Abercromby. 113

60. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to ascertain what Sum shall be paid into his Majesty's Exchequer, in full Satisfaction of the Debt due on the Mortgage made by the late John Gardner Kemeys, Esquire, in Trust for the late Right Honourable Richard Rigby, in case it shall appear to the said Lords Commissioners that it will be necessary to resort to the mortgaged Premises, in order to recover the Balance due from the said Richard Rigby to his Majesty. 115

61. An Act for further continuing until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending and further continuing until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and One, two Acts passed in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Suppression of the Rebellion which still exists within that Kingdom, and for the Protection of the Persons and Property of his Majesty's faithful Subjects within the same. Ibid.

62. An Act to exempt from the Payment of certain Duties, such Members of both Houses of Parliament serving for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and such other Persons herein described, as may have only an occasional Residence in Great Britain. 116

63. An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Eligibility of Persons in Holy Orders to sit in the House of Commons. 117

63. An Act for the further Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons. Ibid.

65. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain. 118

66. An Act for indemnifying such Persons as, since the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, have acted in the apprehending, imprisoning, or detaining in Custody, in Great Britain, of Persons suspected of High Treason or Treasonable Practices. 119

67. An Act to amend several Acts for raising a Militia Force in Scotland. 120

68. An Act for altering the Laws now in Force, relating to the Importation and Exportation of Copper; for repealing certain Duties and Drawbacks on such Importation and Exportation; and for substituting new Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof. 123

69. An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties on Certificates for wearing Hair Powder, or using Armorial Bearings, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred. 124

70. An Act for the Relief of certain insolvent Debtors. 130

71. An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management of the Duties on Licences for using or exercising the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred. 144

72. An Act for extending the Period of Preference granted and continued by several Acts to Bodies Corporate and Persons for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and to amend an Act of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax. 146

73. An Act for directing the Application of several Sums granted by Parliament to the Dublin Society, and to the arming Societies in Ireland. 148

74. An Act for regulating, until the twentieth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and two, the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation from Ireland of British Plantation Sugar; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland. Ibid.

75. An Act to permit the Exportation of Tea to Ireland without Payment of any Duty, under certain Restrictions. 150

76. An Act to authorize the issuing of Commissions and Letters of Marque and Reprisal against his Majesty's Enemies, to such Ships and Vessels belonging to his Majesty as are or may be employed in the Service of the Boards of Customs and Excise, and other Publick Boards in this Kingdom. 152

77. An Act for allowing, until the first Day of August one thousand eight hundred and two, the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador, and for granting a Bounty thereon. 153

78. An Act to extend the Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing to Constables and others the Expenses of conveying Offenders to Gaol, and for allowing the Charges of Poor Persons bound to give Evidence against Felons; and for allowing to High Constables, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, their Charges in certain Cases. 154

79. An Act for the better Regulation of Publick Notaries in England. 155.

80. An Act to indemnify all Persons who have printed, published, or dispersed, or who shall publish or disperse, any Papers printed under the Authority of any Head Officer of State, or of Publick Boards, or other Publick Authorities, from all Penalties incurred by Reason of the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer of such Papers not being printed thereon. 157

81. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of two Millions for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned. 158

82. An Act for raising the Sum of six Millions five hundred thousand Pounds by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one. 159

83. An Act for raising the Sum of three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one. Ibid.

84. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland; for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the Service of the year one thousand eight hundred and one; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. Page 159

85. An Act for better Payment of Fines and Forfeitures imposed by Justices out of Session, in England. 173

86. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Cards and Dice; on Probates of Wills; on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds; and on Ale Licences. 174

87. An Act for granting unto his Majesty certain Duties on Playing Cards imported into Great Britain. 177

88. An Act for providing Accommodations in Assize Town for the Judges in Ireland, where such Accommodations are not already provided. 178

89. An Act for repealing the Duty now payable on the Importation of Statues, Wrought Stone, and Marble, and granting another Duty in lieu thereof. Ibid.

90. An Act for the more speedy and effectual Recovery of Debts due to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Right of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and for the better Administration of Justice within the same. 179

91. An Act for the better Regulation and Collection of certain Duties of Excise. 181

92. An Act to alter the Bounties payable on Wheaten Flour and Indian Corn imported into Ireland; and for providing a Method for recovering the Forfeitures created by an Act of this Session of Parliament to prohibit the making of Malt, and distilling of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Ireland. 184

93. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, so much of an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, as permits British Hops to be imported into Ireland at a low Rate of Duty. 185

94. An Act to empower the Importers or Proprietors of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations to land the same in Ireland, before Payment of the Duties of Excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in Warehouses at their own Expence, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and eight. Ibid.

95. An Act to facilitate the Trade and Intercourse between Ireland and the United States of America, during the Continuance of the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation between his Majesty and the said States. 189

96. An Act for the better Regulation of his Majesty's Prize Courts in the West Indies and America, and for giving a more speedy and effectual Execution to the Decrees of the Lords Commissioners of Appeals. 191

97. An Act to continue several Laws relating to encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, until the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and three; to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand eight hundred and two; to the making the Port of Saint John's, in the Island of Antigua, a free Fort, until the tenth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and five; and to the permitting the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America, belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships, until the End of the War, and six Months after the signing the Definitive Treaty of Peace; for reviving and further continuing, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and six, an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; for reviving, continuing until the fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and two, and amending an Act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries; and for making perpetual so much of an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty as relates to ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer. 194

98. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland, for one Year from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one.

99. An Act for granting Bounties for taking and bringing Fish to the Cities of London and Westminster, and other Places in the United Kingdom. 197

100. An Act to repeal the Tax on Salaries, Profits of Employments, Fees, and Pensions in Ireland, of Persons not resident in Ireland for a certain Period. Ibid.

101. An Act for regulating, until the first Day of May one thousand eight hundred and two, the Trial of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and for regulating the Qualifications of Members to serve in the said United Parliament. 198

102. An Act to stay, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, Proceedings in Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, for abridging Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of Livings, and from taking of Ferms. 205

103. An Act to empower his Majesty to regulate the Trade and Commerce to and from the Isle of Malta until the signing a Definitive Treaty of Peace, and from thence until six Weeks after the next Meeting of Parliament; and to declare the Isle of Malta to be part of Europe. 206

104. An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted since the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for the Preservation of the Publick Peace, and Suppression of Insurrections and Rebellion prevailing in several Districts of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland. Ibid.

105. An Act to authorize the Judges to whom Petitions for certain Bills shall be referred, to examine Witnesses upon Oath. 207

106. An Act to secure certain Persons born within the Territories of France, and other Persons therein described, from Imprisonment for Debts contracted in Parts beyond the Seas, other than the Dominions of his Majesty. Ibid.

107. An Act for the further Encouragement of Learning, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by securing the Copies and Copyright of Printed Books, to the Authors of such Books, or their Assigns, for the Time herein mentioned. 208

108. An Act for enabling his Majesty to grant Commissions for executing an Act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of Timber in the New Forest in the County of Southampton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same. 210

109. An Act for consolidating in one Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Facts usually required on the passing of such Acts. 211

PUBLICK LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

Anno 41 Georgii III.

i. AN Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Tadcaster, through Collingham, Harewood, Arthington, and Pool, to the Town of Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York. Page 223

ii. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Chesterfield to the Turnpike Road at Hernstone Lane Head, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, all in the County of Derby. Ibid.

iii. An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Aberdeenshire Canal Navigation to complete the same. Ibid.

iv. An Act for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Boroughbridge in the County of York, to the City of Durham, and for more effectually repairing the said Road. Ibid.

v. An Act for amending, widening, and repairing several Roads in the County of Carmarthen. Ibid.

vi. An Act for continuing the Term, and rendering more effectual, two Acts, made in the second and eleventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the North End of Ballingdon Bridge, in Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, to the South Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said County; and also for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the Place where the said South Gate formerly stood, to the Place where the North Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds formerly stood. Ibid.

vii. An Act for enlarging, improving, and regulating, the Cattle Market, within the City and County of the City of Canterbury. Ibid.

viii. An Act for making and maintaining a convenient Carriage Road from the Botley Turnpike Road, on Curdridge Common, in the Parish of Bishops Waltham, to join the Gosport Turnpike Road, at or near Filmerhill, in the Parish of Westmeon, with a Branch from the said Road, on Corhampton Down, to the Village of Corhampton, all in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

ix. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Epsom, through Ewell, to Tooting; and from Ewell to Kingston-upon-Thames and Thames Ditton, in the County of Surrey; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at Ewell, across Ewell Common Fields, to the Ryegate Turnpike Road on Borough Heath, in the said County. Ibid.

x. An Act for continuing and amending two Acts, severally passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and improving several Roads leading to the Borough of Launceston, in the County of Cornwall and also for extending the provisions of the said Acts to the Road leading from the West Gate, under Madford, in the Borough of Launceston aforesaid, by Docacre, to the North Gate, in the same Borough. 224

xi. An Act for altering, widening, and repairing the Road leading from the Town and Port of Dover to the Town and Port of Sandwich, through the Parish of Waldershare, and also the Road from the present Turnpike Road leading from Dover to Barham Downs, up Kersney Court Hill, to the Parish of Whitfield otherwise Beausfield, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

xii. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the said Roads leading to the said Town. Ibid.

xiii. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and amend the Powers of three Acts, passed in the first, second, and twentieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Fisherton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hcdgcy in West Knoyle, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

xiv. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Peterborough, through Oundle and Thrapston, to Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, and for repairing and widening several other Roads near or adjoining thereto. Ibid.

xv. An Act for enlarging the Powers or Authorities given by an Act, passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Enfranchisement of of and Customary Lands, Parcel of the Manor of Arundel, and other Manors entailed by the Act of Parliament of the third of Charles the First, and for the Sale of Tythes also entailed by the said Act, in order to facilitate the Sale of the Tythes therein mentioned. Ibid.

xvi. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Hand and Poll in Upton Field, in the Parish of Burford, in the County of Oxford, to a Place in the Parish of Preston, in the County of Gloucester, called Dancy's Fancy. 225

xvii. An Act for levying Conversion Money in Lieu of Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating, making, and repairing the High Roads in the County of Selkirk. Ibid.

xviii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in repair the Road from the Cross Keys, otherwise Bricker's Barn, in the Parish of Corsham, in the County of Wilts, to Bath Easton Bridge, in the County of Somerset. Page 225

xix. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, through Alcester, in the said County, and Feckenham, to a Place called Bradley Brook, in the County of Worcester, and from Alcester, through Great Coughton and Crabs Cross, in the said County of Warwick, and through Hewell Lane, and Burcott, to the Cross of Hands, on a Common called The Leekhay, and out of Hewell Lane, through Church Lane and Tutnell, to Bromsgrove, in the said County of Worcester. Ibid.

xx. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and Powers of two Acts, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Sea Port Town of Workington, in the said County, so far as the same relate to the Road between the Town of Cockermouth and Workington aforesaid. Ibid.

xxi. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preferring the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hickling, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xxii. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preferring the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Burgh and Billockby, in the County of Norfolk. 226

xxiii. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Kennet and Avon Canal Navigation to complete the same, and for amending the several Acts passed for making the said Canal. Ibid.

xxiv. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of two Acts made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as relates to the Roads from Deanburn Bridge, through Greenlaw, and Part of the Jedburgh Road, by Lauder, in the Couty of Berwick, to Cornhill, in the County of Durham, and for repairing and amending the Roads from Orange Lane to Swinton, and from Coldstream, by Swinton Mill, to Mount Pleasant, in the said County of Berwick. Ibid.

xxv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's for repairing the Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and certain Roads branching from the same, as relates to the said Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and to the Road branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad Hill to Provan Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld. Ibid.

xxvi. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon. Ibid.

xxvii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for amending, and making more effectual, four several Acts, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, in the eighteenth and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham through Warwick, to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill, in the County of Warwick, so far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Stratford Bridge, in the said County. Ibid.

xxviii. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Cross at Broken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Buxton, in the County of Derby; and for making and keeping in Repair certain Branches of Road to communicate with the said Macclesfield Road. Ibid.

xxix. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the second, fifth, and nineteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxdown Gate in Popham Lane, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City through Hursley, to Chandler's Ford, and from Hursley aforesaid to the Turnpike at Romsey, and from the said Turnpike Road, through Ringwood, in the County of Southampton, to Longham Bridge and Winbome Minster, in the County of Dorset; and for amending and widening the Road from Ringwood Gate, in the said County of Southampton, to Woolsbridge, and from a Street called The Hundred, at Romsey, through Chibworth, to the River at Swathling, in the said County. Ibid.

xxx. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Parish of Sculcoates, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments and Obstructions; and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, Coal Carriers, and Water Carriers, Trucks, Carts, and other Carriages, within the said Parish. Ibid.

xxxi. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, at or near a Place called Wilkinson's Gun Wharf in the Parish of Saint Mary at Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, to the Town of Mitcham, in the Parish of Mitcham, in the said County: And also divers Collateral Cuts or Branches communicating from the same to certain Parishes and Places within the Counties of Surrey and Kent. 227

xxxii. An Act for enabling Charlotta Bethell Widow, to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the River Hull, at a Point in the Parish of Leven, near the Boundary between Eske and Leven Carrs, in the East Riding of the County of York, to Leven Bridge in the said Riding. 228

xxxiii. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Town of Wandsworth to the Town of Croydon, with a Collateral Branch into the Parish of Carshalton, and a Navigable Communication between the River Thames and the said Railway at Wandsworth, all in the County of Surrey. 229

xxxiv. An Act for more effectually draining and improving certain Fen Lands within the Manors and parishes of Upwell and Outwell, and in the Parishes of Denver and Welney, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk. Page 230

xxxv. An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for more effectually draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Manor or Township of North Kyme, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

xxxvi. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening, the Roads from the South West End of Nether Bridge, in the County of Westmorland, by Sizergh Fell Side to Levens Bridge, and from thence through the Town of Millthrop to Dixes, and from the Town of Millthrop aforesaid to Hang Bridge, and from thence to join the Heron Syke Turnpike Road at the Guide Post near Clawthrop Hall in the County aforesaid. Ibid.

xxxvii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of New Windsor in the County of Berks, into the London Road, at or near a Bridge called High Bridge, near Longford in the County of Middlesex; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from and out of the said Road at Southley in the Parish of Datchet, to the Village of Datchet in the County of Bucks. Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Top of White Sheet Hill, in the Parish of Donhead Saint Andrew in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaftesbury, Milborne Port, and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the Half Way House in the Parish of Nether, otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads near the Towns of Shaftesbury and Sherborne aforesaid. Ibid.

xxxix. An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in the ninth and thirteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for laying open and widening certain Ways, Passages, Streets, and Places, within the Town of Birmingham; and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages there, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; and also for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and the Drivers of all Carriages, in the said Town; for laying open and widening certain other Streets and Places there; for further regulating the Police of the said Town, and the Manner of laying out and paving new Streets there, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

xl. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and amend the Powers of an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and also to continue and render more effectual, an Act to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne, to make a new Road from the great Northern Road at Islington to the Edgeware Road near Paddington, so far as the same is by the said Act directed to be under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the said first-mentioned Acts; and for making a Road from the said new Road, near Queen's Row, to Bagnigge Wash; and for watching, lighting, and watering the said Roads. Ibid.

xli. An Act for continuing, until the End of the first Session of Parliament, which shall commence after the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, two Acts, severally passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Thirsk, over Skipton Bridge to Baldersby Gate, adjoining to Hutton Moor, and a Branch from the said Road at or near Skipton Bridge aforesaid, through Ainderby, Quernbow, and Nosterfield to Masham, in the North Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xlii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from in the County or Gloucester, to Cricklade in the County of Wilts; and for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from near the Wharf at Latton in the said County of Wilts, to the Town Bridge in Cricklade aforesaid. 231

xliii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Guldeford to the Directing Post near the Town of Farnham in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

xliv. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Roads from Donington High Bridge to Hale Drove, and to the eighth Mile Stone in the Parish of Wigtoft, and to Langret Ferry in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

xlv. An Act for enlarging the Term and altering the Powers of two Acts, one made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and repairing the Roads leading from Dover to Barham Downs, and from Cow gate and Archcliff Fort in Dover, through Folkestone to the Town of Hythe in the County of Kent; and for repealing so much thereof as requires the Trustees therein named to keep in Repair the several Roads leading from Archcliff Fort in Dover, to Folkestone, and from the Parish of Folkestone to Hythe. Ibid.

xlvi. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Open Fields and other Lands within the several Parishes of Downham Market, Wimbotsham, and Bexwell, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xlvii. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Maidsmorton, and the Hamlets of Gawcott and Prebend-End, in the Parish of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks. Ibid.

xlviii. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, situate, lying, and being in that Part of the Parish of East Hendred, which is in the Hundred of Wantage, in the County of Berks, called Westmanside, except such Part of the said Common Meadows as lieth in a Meadow called Fox Mead, or Ardington Mead. Page 231

xlix. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Dumfries to Moffat, and from Grateney, by Annan, Dumfries, and Sanquhar, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, and several other Roads in the Counties of Dumfries and Kirkcudbright. Ibid.

l. An Act to amend and widen the Roads leading from Staplecross, in the Parish of Ewhurst, to Hornscross, in the Parish of Northiam, and from Hornscross aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near Brickwall House, in the Parish of Northiam, and from Hornscross aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill, in the Parish of Beckley, and also the Road from Staplecross aforesaid to Bodiam Bridge, in the Parish of Bodiam, and from thence through the Parishes of Bodiam aforesaid and Salehurst, to the Turnpike Road at Silver Hill, in the said Parish of Salehurst, all in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

li. An Act to amend Two Acts, made in the Thirteenth and Twenty ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making more commodious the Harbours of the Town of Greenock, and for other purposes mentioned in the said Acts; for watching the said Town, and better supplying the same with Water; for regulating the Fares of Coachmen, Chairmen, Porters, and Carters plying in the said Town, and of Pilots, Watermen and Jobbers employed in the said Harbours, and on the River Clyde, and for feuing out the Glebe of the said Town. Ibid.

lii. An Act for explaining, altering and amending an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for deepening, cleansing, scouring, preserving and maintaining the Harbour of Port Glasgow, and for other purposes mentioned in the said Act. Ibid.

liii. An Act for more effectually improving and maintaining the old Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex. 232

liv. An Act for building a Pier at Sheerness, in the Isle of Sheppy, in the County of Kent; for ascertaining, imposing and recovering certain Duties for the supporting, maintaining and keeping in Repair the said Pier; for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering and improving the Highways, Streets, Lanes and other public Passages and Places, within that Part of the Parish of Minster, in the said Isle of Sheppy, (which lieth near His Majesty's Dock Yard and Garrison of Sheerness,) called Blue Town and Mile Town; and for preventing Nuisances, Annoyances and Obstructions therein. Ibid.

lv. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of Bursledon Bridge and Roads to raise a further Sum of Money to complete the said Bridge and Roads. Ibid.

lvi. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Forest or Chase of Needwood, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

---

lvii. An Act to enable the Corporation of The Royal Exchange Ajar once, to aiTure Vessels, Barges, Keels, Boats, and other Craft employed in Inland Navigation, and the Goods, Merchandises, and Effects laden therein. 234

lviii. An Act to enable the Corporation.of tho London Affu-ramce to aiTure Vessels, Barges, Keels, Boats, and other Craft employed in Inland Navigation, and the Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects laden therein. 235

lix. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, diverting, and improving the Road leading from Reading in the Cooaty of Berks, to Basingstoke in the County of Southampton. Rid.

lx. An Act for continuing the Term and altering the Powers of two several Acts, made respectively in the first and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and maintaining the Road from Hartford to KortbMeety and other Roads therein mentioned in the County 41 Gco.HL (U.K.)

of Kent, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned. 235

lxi. An Act for improving and extending the Navigation of the River Exe, from the publick Quay at Exeter to the publick Road adjoining four Mills near Crediton in the County of Devon, by making a Navigable Canal or Cuts, and deepening and widening such Parts of the Rivers Exe and Credy as shall be necessary for that Purpose. Ibid.

lxii. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the several Parishes of Saint Michael and the Holy Trinity in the City of Coventry, and County of the same City; and for exempting the Vicars of the said Parities from being rated to the Relief of the Poor in respect of certain Affeftmerts. Ibid.

lxiii. An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual. an Act passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better* Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Mitford and Laanditch, in the County ^Norfolk. -.237

lxiv. An Act for establishing a mew Church or Chapel, lately erected in or near Kirkgate Street, within the Town and Parish' of Leeds, in the West Riding of thfc County of York. Ibid.

lxv. An Act for enlarging and improving the! Market place of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and for making a commodious Street fVom thenc6 ter the River Humber, with a Dock and Wharf, or Landing Place, for the Ferry and Market Boats belonging and resorting to the said Town. Ibid.

lxvi. An Act for enlarging and improving the Market Place within the Town of Rotherham, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for widening and rendering more commodious the Streets and Avenues leading thereto; and for cleaofing, lighting, and regulating the streets and other publick Passages and Places within the said Town. Ibid.

lxvii. An Act for continuing and amending an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging (he Terms and Powers of two Acts, of the, twelfth and nineteenth Years of hir present Majfiy's Reign, made for building a temporary Bridge, and computing a new Stone Bridge over the River Tyne, between the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne and Gatelhead, in the County of Durham* and making the Avenues to, and the Passages over the same more commodious; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in the Streets, Lanes, or Avenues leading to the said new Stone Bridge, within the Town of Gate-fhead, in the County of Durham; and for enabling the Trustees named in the said Act to widen and enlarge the said new Stone Bridge. Ibid.

lxviii. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the IKilts and Beths Canal Navigation, to raise Money for the completing the said Canal; and to alter, explain, and amend the Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making the said Canal. Ibid.

lxix. An Act for further continuing the Duties and altering the Powers granted by four Acts made in the fifth and twenty-fifth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the third and eighteenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour? of Scarborough in the County of York.Ibid.

lxx. An Act to authorize the Company of Proprietors of the Ellesmere Canal to extend the said Canal from the Whitchurch Branch thereof, at or near certain Water Com Mills called The New Mills, in the Parish of Whitchurch in the County of Salop, to and to communicate with the ChefUr Canal, in the Township of jStoke in the Parish of Adon in the County of Chester; and for altering and amending the several Acts

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

passed for making and maintaining the said Ellesmere Canal. Page 237

lxxi. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Cana! more effectually to provide for the Difeliarge of their Debts, and to complete the Whole of the Works to be executed by them, in pursuance of the several Acts of the thirty-third, thirty-fourth, thirty-fifth, shirty-sixth, and thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty; and for altering and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts. Ibid.

lxxii. An Act for draining, preserving from Water, and improving certain Low Lands and Grounds, lying within the several Parishes or Chapelries of North Wooton, Pilton, West Pennard, Baltorfborough, Barton Saint David\ Brttleigh, 'Street, Glafton Saint John, Glaston Saint Bcneditl, Walton, Ashcot, Shapwick, Moorlineh, Catcott, Chilton, Edington, Coffngton, Woolavington, Hun tfpill, East Brent, South Brent, Mark, Wedmore, Meare, Burnam, Badgworth, Baddisham, Chapel Allerton, Were, Putiton, Powlet, Wookey, and the out Parish of Saint Cuthbert, in Wells, all in the County of Somerset. 238

lxxiii. An Act for draining and improving certain Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Levering ton and Leverington Par-Jon Drove, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge. Ibid.

lxxiv. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, embanking, and improving the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Ashby, in the Parish of Bottesford, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

lxxv. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Field, Commonable Marsh Lands, Half Year Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of South Walsham Saint Lawrence and South Walsham Saint Mary in the County of Norfolk; and for draining and preserving the fame. Ibid.

lxxvi. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Potter Heigham in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

lxxvii. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and improving several Common Moors, called Sydney Moor, Small Moor, Rodway Moor, Waters Upton Moor, and other Commons and Waste Lands within the several Parishes of Rock- wardine, Eyton, Ktnnerjley, and Waters Upton in the County of Salop, and within the several Township of Crudgeington and Strap, in the Parish of High Ercall, otherwise Ercall Magna, in the same County. 239

lxxviii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Morpeth, by or through Mitford, Thropple, Long Witton, and by the North Side of Rothley Park Wall to Sting Cross, and to the High Croft in Elfdon in the County of Northumberland. Ibid.

lxxix. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of three Acts, passed in the ninth and twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third* for amending and keeping in Repair such Part of the Roads described in the said Act of the twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, as leads from the End of Culham Bridge next to Ctdham in the County of Oxford, to the End of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon, in the County of Berks, and from the Mayor's Stone at the End of Boar Street in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Shippon in the said County of Berks, and from thence to the West End of the Town of Fyfield in the same County. 239

lxxx. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the South District or Division of the Roads from Royston in the County of Hertford to Wandesford Bridge in the County of Huntingdon; and for continuing and amending an Act passed in the thirtieth.Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as the said Act relates to the said District. Ibid.

lxxxi. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening thd Roads from Spann Smithy in the Township of Elion, through the Town of Middlewich* and by Spittle Hill in Stantbom, to Winsford Bridge, and from Spittle Hill to the Town of Northwich in the County Palatine of Chester. Ibid.

lxxxii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Brough-under-Stainmore in the County of Westmorland, by the End of Appleby Bridge, to Eamont Bridge in, the said County. Ibid.

lxxxiii. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Rugby in the County of Warwick, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Lutterworth to Market Har-borough in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton. Ibid.

lxxxiv. An Act to continue for twenty-One Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter the Powers of two Acts, one passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to widen and repair the Road from the Guide Pqfl near the End of Drayton Lane near Banbury, in the County of Oxford, to the House called the Sun-rising, at the Top of Edge Hill, in the County of Warwick; and the other, passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act. Ibid.

lxxxv. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and front thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same Acts relate to the Road from the Market .House in Tet-bury to the Turnpike Road on Minchinhampton Common, and from the said Road in Minchinhampton Field unto the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Stroud, near Burnt Ash, and from the said Turnpike Road to Taylods Mill Pond in Chalford Bottom, and through Hide to the Bottom of the Bourne Hill, in the County of Gloucester, and for repairing, altering, and improving the Road from Tayloe's Mill Pond aforesaid to Fofion's AJb, in the Parish of Bijley, in the said County of Gloucester. 240

lxxxvi. An Act for extending and enlarging the Powers, and increasing the Rates and Duties of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Ne*mcafile-upon-Tyne, and for better regulating the Port of. Ibid.

lxxxvii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and

(Publick Local and Personal, J41 GEO. III. xiii

from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the wentieth Year of the Reign of his his present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Road from Sage Croft in the Town of Melton Mowbray in the County of LeictfUr, to the Town of Grantham in the County of Lincoln. Page 240

lxxxviii. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for widening and repairing several Roads leading from the Welsh Gate and Cotton Hill in the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop; and for making and maintaining a new Branch of Road from the present Road from Shrewsbury to Welsh Pool, at or near the tenth Mile Stone, to, or near to, Buttington Hall in the County of Montgomery. 241

ftxxxix. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Secorid, and in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Flimwell Vent in the ran fh of Ticehurst in the County of Sussex, to the Town and Port of Hoffings in the said County. Ibid.

xc. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth Year of the Reign. of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Ch^ler, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newportr in the County of Salop, and' several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from Whitchurch aforesaid, through Tern hill, to Newport aforesaid, being the second District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned. Ibid.

xcL An Act for continuing the .Term and Powers of two Acts, passed in, the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the 7 twentieth Year of the Reign.-of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening<the Road from the Town of> Mansfield, in the County oENottingham, tlutmgh the Towns of Pkajley, Glap-atteU Heath, and Normenton, and the Liberty of Hajlhnd, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Derby to the Town of Chesterfeld, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

iciL An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the first and tenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the East End of West Taphouse Lane to the Borough of Lijheard, and from thence to the Combe Rowe House, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon. Ibid.

xciii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Wrexham to the Towns of Ruthin and Denbigh, in the County of Dentigby and amending, widening, altering,

improving, mid keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the said Town of Ruthin into the Turnpike Road from Corwen to Llanrwjl, at or near a certain House called Cer-nioge Mawr, in the Parish of Llanyfydd, in the said County.

241

xciv. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for making and maintaining a Road from Tiltups Inn, in the Parish of Horsley, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Cirencester to Dudbridge, at or near Dudbridge, in the Parish of Rodborough, and from the Bridge at Nailsworth, in the Parish of Evening, to Minch-inhampton Common, and several other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Gloucester, and for altering some Part8 of the said Roads. Ibid.

xcv. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City through Bellmour Lane to the Top of Stephen's Castle Down, near the Town of Bishop's Waltham, in the said County, and from the said City of Winchester, through Ottorborne, to Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton. Ibid.

xcvi. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, yin All for repairing, widening, altering, dvoertutg, and turning the Road from Hurdlow House, through Buxton, in the County of Derby, and Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and also the Road from Hemeftone Lane Head, and from Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel-en-le-Frith, all in the said County of Derby, to the last mentioned Road at Whaley, in the said County of Chester; and for making and repairing a new Branch of Road from the said Turnpike Road at or near Bar moor Clough, near the Town of Chapel-en-le-Frith aforesaid, to Fairfield near Buxton aforesaid. 242

xcvii. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Regulation and Government of the Company of Cutlers, within the Liberty of Hallamshire, in the County of York, and within fix Miles of the said Liberty, and of their Journeymen and Apprentices. Ibid.

xcviii. An Act for making, widening, and repairing the Road from the Old Bridge in the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, through the several Township of Stockport, QJfcrton, and Marple, to or near Marple Bridge, all in the said County; and a Branch from the said Road, in the Township of Marple aforesaid, through the Village of New Mills, to or near Thomfet Gate, both in the County of Der*by, and another Branch from or near Thomfet Gate aforesaid, through the Village of New Mills afore Card, to or near the present Road, in the Township of Difley, in the said County of Chester. Ibid.

xcix. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Yenr of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for more effectu-ally repairing the Road from the Black Bull Ion, in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shafford House, in the County of Hertford. Page 242

c. An Act for vesting in Trustees all the Real Estates late of Nathaniel Matthew Knapp Esquire, deceased, which, by his Will, were deviled in strict Settlement, to the Intent that proper Parts thereof may be sold for discharging the Incumbrances affecting the same Real Estates, and that the Residue of the Money, if any, arising by such Sale, may be invclled in the Purchase of other Lands, and that the Lands to be so purchased, and also such Part of the Lands to be vested in Trustees as aforesaid, as shall not be sold, may be settled to the Uies contained in the Will of the said Nathaniel Matthew Knapp, concerning his Real Estates deviled in llrid Settlement. Ibid.

ci. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of John Henry Maw of Warmsworth, in the County of York, Esquire, in Truf-llees, to be sold, and for laying out the clear Monies thence arising, under the Dh eftion of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. Ibid.

cii. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Thomas Duncombe Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same Uses. Ibid.

ciii. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the most Honourable James Marquis of Salisbury in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Purchase Money in discharging of a Mortgage thereon, and for confirming the Settlement of the Residue of such Estates, and declaring the same to be a Satisfaction of his Marriage Articles, and for appointing a new Trudee indcad of one deceased. Ibid.

civ. An Act to confirm, and render valid and effectual, a Partition of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the several Counties of Rutland, Lincoln, and Leicester, late the Effotes of Joseph Adcock Grazier, deceased, and also of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Northampton, late the Estates of Robert Adcock, Grazier, deceased. Ibid.

cv. An Act for effectuating Exchanges between the Trustees of the Guildhall Feoffment, in Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk, and Sir Thomcu Charles Bunbury Baronet. Ibid.

t

cvi. An Act for vesting certain settled Estates of William Morton Pitt Esquire, in the County of Dorfef, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the whole Money thence arising, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof* and to the same Uses. Ibid.

cvii. An Act for vesting Part of the settled. Estates of the Right Honourable Henry Thomas Earl of Ilchester, in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, in Trudecs, to be sold, and for settling other Estates of the said Earl, in the said County of Somerset, and in the County of Dorfit, in lieu thereof. 243

cviii. An Act for enabling Edward Constable Esquire, of Burton Constable, in Holderness, in the County of York, Tenant for Life, under the Will of his late Uncle William Constable Esquire, deceased, to charge his Estates in the said County of 1 York, or some Fart thereof, with the Sums therein mentioned, and also for enabling the Trustees in the said Act to raise, with the Consent of the said Edward Constable, during his Life, and after his Decease, in such Manner as therein i9 mentioned, certain Sums of Money for the pro« testing, improving, and increasing the same Estates, by the Means therein described. Ibid.

cix. An Act for vesting two Freehold Messuages in Lombard Street, in the City of London, Part of the Estates devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Charles Lord Viscount Irwin deceased* in Trustees, for Sale, and for invell-ing the Money to arifo from such Sale, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Real Estates in England, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will. 243

cx. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of the Reverend George Huddleston Purefoy Jervoifr, devised by the Will of Tr'Jlram Huddleston Jervoise Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise therefrom, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. Ibid.

cxi. An Act for vesting the Estates of John Fitzgerald Esquire, commonly called The Knight of Glinn, situate in the County of Limerick, in Trustees, for raising, by Sale or Mortgage, Monies sufficient to pay off Incumbrances. Ibid.

cxii. An Act to enable the Curate of the Chapelry of Saint Hilds, in the Parish of farrow, in the County of Durham, to grant a Building Lease of a certain Parcel of Ground lying contiguous to the Town of South Shields, in the said County, and belonging to the said Chapelry. Ibid.

cxiii. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Common Wade and Heath Lands, commonly known by the Names of the Great and Little Heaths, atherwife Mwynpdd, Bwchan, and Wain Dyval, lying within the several Pantiles of Saint. John the Baptist in Cardiff, Landajf, Whitchurch, Roath, and Lanijhen, in the County of Glamorgan. Ibid.

cxiv. An Act for dividing* allotting, and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, in the Tovrndnp of Ticilerton, within the Parish of Eaton, in the County of Salop. Ibid.

cxv. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication from the Junction of the River Fofs with the Rimer Oufo, at or near the Cky of, York, to Stillington Mill, in the Parish of StiUiegton, in t the North Riding of the County of York, and for draining and improving certain Low Lands, lying on each Side of the fetid River Fofs* so far as the said Act relates to the said Navigation, and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the said Navigation to complete the same. Hid. cxvi. An Act For draining, dividing and inclosing a Common* called Crowland Common, or Goggufhlandr and certain Open Half , Years Meadow, Commopable and Waste Grounds, called The Washes and Fodder Lotsin, adjoining, or near the Township of Crowland, in the County 01 Lincoln. Ibid.

cxvii, An Act for repairing the Road from the North End of Bridgeford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to the Bowling Green at Kettering, in the County or Northampton; and for repealing two Acts passed for repairing the said Road. Ibid.

cxviii. An Act for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester to Peterborough, in the County of Northampton; and for repealing two Acts passed for repairing the said Road. 244

cxix. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the County of Norfolk* strictly entailed by the Will of Horatio late Earl of Orford deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom, in the firR Place, in Dii-charge of the Incumbrances affecting the fame, and the R«-fidue thereof in the Purchase of other Estates in the County of Norfolk, to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

cxx. An Act for the Establishment of Schools for the Education of Poor Children, in the County Palatine of Durham. Ibid.

cxxi. An Act for vesting the Fee Simple, and Inheritance of and in the Real Estates devised by the Will of Mary Pugh Widow, deceased, situate in the Counties of Carnarvon and Anglesey, in Trustees, and their Heiip, upon Trull, to complete the Sales of such Parts thereof as have been fold under

d Publick Local and Personal, J41 GEO. III.

the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and by the like Directions to fell other competent Parts thereof, for the Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same Dilates, and for laying out the Surplus of the Money (if any) to arise from such Sales in the Manner and for the Purposes therein expressed.*Page 245

cxxii. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in the eighth and twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bishop's Castle, and from Montgomery to the Turnpike Road at Westbury, and from Brockton to the Turnpike Road at Minferley, in the several Counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery; and also for widening, -repairing, altering, and diverting other Roads in the said Counties of Salop and Montgomery* Ibid.

cxxiii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Turnpike Road leading from Bolton to Blackburn, at or near to the JLamb Inn* otherwise Fletcher's Publick House, in the Township of Sharpies, in the Parish of Bolton-in the-Moors, to the Turnpike Road leading from Preston to Blackburn aforesaid, at or near to Brindle Lane End, otherwise Foole Lane End, in the Township of Hoghton, in the Parish of Ley land, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

cxxiv. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Louth, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

cxxv. An Act for enabling Matthias Koops Gentleman, to assign the Benefit of an Invention of making Paper from Straw and other Subilances to a greater Number of Persons than is at present limited by the Letters Patent granted to the said Matthias Koops. Ibid.

cxxvi. An Act for paving, fleaning, cleansing, watering, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Paffagas, and Publick Places, within the Parish of Bathwick, in the County of Somerset, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obllructions, and for establishing a proper and effective Police therein. Ibid.

cxxvii. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near the Town of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, into the Grand Surrey Cani, in the Parish of Saint Paul, Deptford, in the County of Surrey, and for applying the Towns of Croydon, Streatham, and Dulwich, and the DifbriCl called Norwood, in the Parish of Croydon, in the Caid County of Surrey, and the Town of Sydenham, in the County of Kent, with Water from the said Canal. Ibid.

cxxviii. An Act for draining, dividing, allotting and inclosing Deeping, Langtoft, Baston, Spalding, Pinchbeck and Cowbit Commons, within the Parts of Kesteven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln, and also for draining Crowland Common, or Goggushland, and certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Bourn and Thurlby, adjoining or lying contiguous to the North Bank of the River Glen, and certain inclosed Lands in Deeping Fen, and in the Parishes of Spalding and Pinchbeck, adjoining to the said Commons, and lying between the Rivers Glen and Welland, and also for rendering more effectual several Acts of Parliament heretofore passed for draining and preserving the several Lands, Grounds and Commons herein-before mentioned, or certain Parts thereof. 246

cxxix. An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Paddington to Har-row-on-the-I{iUr in the County o? Ml dllefen. Ibid.

41 Geo-III. (U.K.)

cxxx. An Act for paving, cleansing, watering, lighting, and otherwise improving the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Parishe3 of Saint Giles and Saint Mary Magdalen, in Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obftfuctions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; and also for repairing the Rampart Road or Causeway from the said Town to the Bridge over the River Ot/fe, in or near thereto, and for repairing the said Bridge; and likewise for felling certain Charity Estates situate in the said Town of Stony Stratford, and in the Parishes of Calverton and Wool-vertoti, in the said County of Buckingham, and applying the Money arising by such Sale in the Manner therein mentioned. 246

cxxxi. An Act for forming, paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Squares, and other publick Passages and Places which are and shall be made upon certain Pieces or Plots of Ground in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Right Honourable Ann Dowager Baroness Southampton. 247

cxxxii. An Act for completing the Common Gaol now building in and for the City of Winchester, and for purchasing certain Buildings within the said City for widening the Avenues thereto. Ibid.

cxxxiii. An Act for vesting, for a limited Time, in the Reverend Edmund Cartwright Clerk, Mailer of Arts, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property in certain Machinery by him invented for Woolcombing. Ibid.

cxxxiv. An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Hull and Frodingham Beck, from Aike Beck Mouth to the Clough on the East Comer of Fisholme; and for extending the said Navigation from the said Clough into or near the I*own of Great Driffield, IS the East Riding of the County of York; and to extend and improve the said Navigation. 248

cxxxv. An Act for the better and more effectually draining certain Tracts of Land called Wildmore Fen, and the Urtjl and F, act Fens, in the County of Lincoln, and also the Low Lands and Grounds In the several Parishes, Township, and Places, having Right of Common on the said Fens, and other Low Lands and Grounds lying contiguous or adjoining thereto. Ibid.

cxxxvi. An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for the more' effectually embanking* draining, preserving, and improving certain Low Lands and Grounds, lying and being in the several Parishes or Township of Everton, Scaftworth, Gringley-on-the-Hill, Mijlerlon, and IValkeringham, in the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

cxxxvii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of; his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Gate on the Turnpike Road at or near the South End of the Town of WesIon on the Green, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road on Kidlington Green, in the said County. 249

cxxxviii. An Act for empowering certain Trustees therein; named, to carry into Execution an Agreement made by Arthur Anmjley of B/etchingfor: Park, in the County of Oxford\; Esquire, and 7"hernas Bradford cf AJljdcwn Park, in the County of Sussex, Esquire, for the Sale of the settled Estatesf of the said Arthur Annfley, situate in the County of York, (discharged of the Limitations created by his Marriage Settlement, and to lay out a Part of the Monies to arile from*c the

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

the Sale thereof in paying off certain Incumbrances affecting a Part of the Estates to which the said Arthur Annesley of Bletchuigioriy and his Issue Male, are entitled under the Will of Arthur Annuity, late of Jsin col ns Inh Fields, Esquire, decezfed, and other Part thereof in the Purchase of Estates situate in the said County of Oxford, or in the adjoining Counties, to be settled to the same lifts as by the said Settlement are limited concerning the settled Estates of the said Arthur Annesley of Bletehington, in the said County of Oxford; and for other Purposes. Fage 249

cxxxix. An Act for confirming certain Indentures of Least and Release, dated the thirteenth and fourteenth Day* of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, whereby several Manors and Real Estates late of Sir Nicholas Hackett Carew, Baronet, deceased, situate in the County of Surrey, were conveyed upon certain Trufh in such Indentures mentioned 5 for enabling the Trustees named in the said Indentures to convey, settle, and assure the said Manors and Real Estates to certain remaining Uses, conformable to the last Will and Ted ament of the said Sir Nicholas llackeit Carew; for enabling Richard Carew Esquire, and the successive remaining Takers under the said Will, to grant Leases of the said Real Estates; for veiling certain Parts of the said Real Estates in Trustees, in Trull, to be sold; for authorizing the Sale, Release, or Extinguishment of the several Quit Rents, Heriot Rights, and other Dues, payable by the Freehold, of, and Cudomary Tenants of the said Manors respectively; and also the enfranchising, or reducing to small Fines certain, the several Cudomary or of Estates holden of the same Manors respectively; and for applying the Monies arising by the said Matters respectively in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

cxl. An Act for changing the Scite of Downing College, in the University of Cambridge, and for providing a Fund for the Purchase of such Scite, and erecting proper Buildings thereon. 249

cxli. An Act for dividing and allotting a certain Fen, called Wildmore Fen, in the County of Lincoln. 251

cxlii. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Fens, called The East and West Fens, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

cxliii. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Marshes, and Lammas Grounds, Chafe Allotment, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of - Enfield, in the County of Middlesex. 252

cxliv. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Commons and other Commonable Lands, in the Parochial Chapelries of Lameflcy and Tanfield, or one of them, in the County of Durham, 253

---

cxlv. An Act for extinguishing the Rights of Common, and other Rights, in and over certain Lands called Saint Thomas's Leys, otherwise Pembroke Leys, in the several Parishes of Saint Botolph, Saint Andrew the Great, Saint Benedict and Saint Mary the Less, in the Town of Cambridge. Ibid.

cxlvi. An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, and also the Wastelands and Grounds, within the several Parishes of Hanworth, Feltham and Sunbury, in the County of Middlesex, as authorizes and requires the Commissioners to make a certain Allotment therein mentioned to Edmund Hill as Lord of the said Manor. Ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 41 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of King's Brompton, Upton and Skilgate, in the County of Somerset.

2. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Moors, Commons or Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Tickenham, in the County of Somerset.

3. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Lands, called Stourton Common, Great Checkhill and Little Checkhill, within the Manor and Parish of Kniver otherwise Kinfare, in the County of Stafford.

4. An Act for naturalizing Mark Anthony de Cullogny.

5. An Act for naturalizing William Bulnois.

6. An Act for naturalizing Muzio Clementi.

7. An Act for vesting the Timber, and other Trees, on the Estates in the County of Northumberland, devised by the Will of Henry Revely Esquire, in Trustees, for certain purposes therein mentioned.

8. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable and Waste Lands, Grounds and Places, within the Hamlet of Weedon, in the Parish of Hardwicke, in the County of Buckingham.

9. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Ings, Carr Lands, Stinted Pastures, Commonable Places and Wastes, within the Manor and Township of Little Useburn, in the West Riding of the County of York.

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Stinted Pastures, Commons and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Whixley, in the Parish of Whixley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Stinted Pastures, Ings, Carrs, Commons, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Staveley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons or Tracts of Waste Land, and Two Parcels of Ground called The Intack or Cow Pasture, and Shaw Wood, within the several Townships of Framwellgate and Witton Gilbert, and in the several Manors of Chester and Lanchester, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain inclosed Intercommon Lands within the several Townships of Framwellgate and Witton Gilbert aforesaid.

13. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Whole Year and old inclosed Lands, Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of East Harling, in the County of Norfolk.

14. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of West Bromwich, in the County of Stafford.

15. An Act for naturalizing Andrew Gram.

16. An Act for naturalizing Amelia Weltje.

17. An Act for naturalizing Hans Peter Engstrom.

18. An Act for naturalizing Henry Walther.

19. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Littlebury, in the County of Essex.

20. An Act for naturalizing Daniel Hooffstetter.

21. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commonable Grounds, Lammas Meadows, Whin Lots or Doles, Heaths, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Great Cressingham, in the County of Norfolk, and certain Open and Inclosed Fields and Half Year or Shack Lands, Meadows and Pastures, lying in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Little Cressingham, in the said County.

22. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, Severals and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Happisburgh and Lessingham, in the County of Norfolk; and for extinguishing all Rights of Sheepwalk and Shackage in, over and upon the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Happisburgh.

23. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Moors, Commons or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Manor and Parish of Worle, in the County of Somerset.

24. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Hertingfordbury, in the County of Hertford.

25. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Duckworth with Mary Grundy his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

26. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Taylor Gentleman, with Catherine Birch all Taylor his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

27. An Act for naturalizing John Erhardt Weippert.

28. An Act for vesting a certain Messuage and Premises in Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, (being an Estate devised by the Will of William Langley deceased, in strict Settlement,) in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed to Samuel Baker Esquire, and his Heirs, and for laying out the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses to which the said Messuage and Premises do now stand limited under and by virtue of the said Will.

29. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Benjamin Keene Esquire, and Mary his Wife, in new Trustees, in the Room of the Right Honourable Charles Lord Calthorpe an Infant, to the Uses, and upon the Trusts, of the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of the said Benjamin Keene and Mary his Wife, and for giving a Power to change and appoint new Trustees in future.

30. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Stonesfield, in the County of Oxford.

31. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of South Ferriby, in the County of Lincoln.

32. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of East Halton, in the County of Lincoln.

33. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons and Commonable Places, within the several Parishes of Hemingford Grey and Hemingford Abbotts, in the County of Huntingdon.

34. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Wrestlingworth, in the County of Bedford; and for allotting a Part of Hatley Field in lieu of such Parts of the same Field as are situate in the said Parish of Wrestlingworth.

35. An Act for dividing, allotting, improving and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Belchford, in the County of Lincoln.

36. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing and improving the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Sotby, in the County of Lincoln.

37. An Act for dividing and plotting several Open and Common Fields and Downs, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Manningford Bruce, in the County of Wilts.

38. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing a certain Tract of Common or Waste Land called Kentismoore, within the Manor and Parish of Kentisbeere, in the County of Devon.

39. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Turnwood, otherwise Turnworth, in the County of Dorset.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Little Stoughton, in the County of Bedford.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ewell, in the County of Surrey.

42. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Balsham, in the County of Cambridge.

43. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Drayton, in the County of Oxford.

44. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Lordship or Liberty of Stanton, in the Parish of Ellaston, in the County of Stafford.

45. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Old Hurst, in the County of Huntingdon.

46. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Thorpe Abbott, in the County of Norfolk.

47. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commonable Fen Lands, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Alburgh, and Hamlet of Wortwell, in the County of Norfolk.

48. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing and otherwise improving the Open Fields, Open Meadows, Commons and Wastes, within the Parish of Stanground with in the Counties of Huntingdon and Cambridge, and in the Isle of Ely.

49. An Act for naturalizing Saint George Knudson.

50. An Act for naturalizing Joseph Emley.

51. An Act for naturalizing Peter Hinrich Volckers.

52. An Act for enabling Henry Nevill Earl of Abergavenny, to grant a new Lease of certain Mines and Hereditaments, in the County of Monmouth.

53. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Blofield and Hemblington, in the County of Norfolk.

54. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Beighton, Lingwood and Moulton, in the County of Norfolk.

33. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commonable Grounds, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Boughton, in the County of Norfolk.

56. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Fen Grounds, Heaths, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Cavenham, in the County of Suffolk.

57. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing all the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Dunkeswell in the County of Devon.

58. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Parishes of Bergh Apton, Thurton, Yelverton, Alpington and Holveston, in the County of Norfolk.

59. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Mattishall in the County of Norfolk.

60. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Stradset, in the County of Norfolk.

61. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Abington, in the County of Cambridge.

62. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Heaths, Marshes, Fen Grounds, Dooles and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Carlton Colvile, Oulton and Kirtley otherwise Kirkley, in the County of Suffolk.

63. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields and Waste Lands in the Parish of Castle Froome, in the County of Hereford, and also a certain Common Meadow, called Long Froomy, situate in the said Parish of Castle Froome, and the several Parishes of Bishop's Froome, Much Cowarne and Evesbach, in the said County of Hereford.

64. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Lammas and other Commonable Meadows, Heaths, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Risby and Fornham All Saints, in the County of Suffolk.

65. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Erdington and Witton, in the Parish of Aston juxta Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

66. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Bassingbourne, in the County of Cambridge.

67. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Whole Year Inclosures, Open Fields, Commonable Grounds, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Holme Hale and West Bradenham, in the County of Norfolk.

68. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open or Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Fens, Commons and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Watton and Carbrooke, in the County of Norfolk.

69. An Act for inclosing, and reducing to a Stint, the several Commons or Moors, called Kettlewell Commons and Moor, and for dividing and inclosing several stinted Pastures, Open Fields and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Kettlewell and Conistone, in Kettlewell Dale, in the West Riding of the County of York.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Wilby, in the County of Northampton.

71. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Lower Heyford, otherwise Heyford at Bridge, and Calcott, in the Parish of Lower Heyford, otherwise Heyford at Bridge, in the County of Oxford.

72. An Act for dividing, allotting and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Headington, in the County of Oxford.

73. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet or Township of Little Coxwell, in the Parish of Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks.

74. An Act for dividing, allotting and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Downs, Meadows and Waste Lands, within the Tything of Charlton, in the Manor and Parish of Downton, in the County of Wilts.

75. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Aldenham, in the County of Hertford.

76. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Moors, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Thirlwall, in the Parish of Haltwhistle, in the County of Northumberland.

77. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Moors, Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Castlecarrock, within and Parcel of the Barony of Gilsland, in the County of Cumberland.

78. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Wastes and other Commonable Lands, within and belonging to the several Parishes of Langtoft and Baston, in the County of Lincoln.

79. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Common Fens, Wastes and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within and belonging to the several Parishes of West Deeping and Tallington, in the County of Lincoln.

80. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Lands, Pastures, Leys, Commons and other Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several Townships of Weaverthorp, Helperthorp, East Lutton and West Lutton, otherwise Luttons Ambo, all in the Parish of Weaverthorp, in the East Riding in the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and also of the Tythes of the ancient Messuages, Cottages, Frontsteads and inclosed Lands, within the same Townships respectively.

81. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing and improving the several Open Fields, Ings, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Skellow, in the Parish of Owston, in the West Riding of the County of York.

82. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Open, Intermixed and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Slimbridge, in the County of Gloucester, and for allotting and exchanging certain Lands lying in the adjoining Parishes of Cam and Coaley, in the same County.

83. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Hamlet of Lyford, in the Parish of Hanney, in the County of Berks.

84. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and all other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Braunston, in the County of Rutland.

85. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Covington, in the County of Huntingdon.

86. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Hadstock, in the County of Essex.

87. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs, Common and Waste Lands, within the Township of North Frodingham, in the Parish of North Frodingham, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township.

88. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Coulton, in the County of Norfolk.

89. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Common Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Denchworth, in the County of Berks.

90. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Great Chesterford, in the County of Essex.

91. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Little Chesterford, in the County of Essex.

92. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Ruston Parva, otherwise Little Ruston, in the East Riding of the County of York.

93. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Langtoft, in the Parish of Langtoft upon the Wolds, in the East Riding of the County of York.

94. An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sutton Courtney, and the Hamlet of Sutton Wick, in the same Parish, in the County of Berks.

95. An Act for naturalizing Cornelius Paas.

96. An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Baum.

97. An Act for naturalizing Elizabeth Winska.

98. An Act for dividing, allotting and laying in Severalty, certain Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons and Waste Grounds, lying within the Parishes of Barkway and Reed, and the Hamlets thereto belonging, in the County of Hertford, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common, Sheepwalk and Shackage, in, over and upon the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes and Hamlets.

99. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields and Common or Car, within the Township of Molscroft, in the Parish of Saint John of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes thereof, and of certain ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township.

100. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Parishes of Lavendon and Brayfield otherwise Cold Brayfield, in the County of Buckingham.

101. An Act for dividing, allotting and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Lands and Grounds within the Parishes of Down Ampney, in the County of Gloucester, and Latton and Eisey, in the County of Wilts.

102. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Jane Campbell with Edward Addison her now Husband, on account of his incestuous Adultery with the Sister of the said Jane Campbell, and to enable the said Jane Campbell to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

103. An Act for naturalizing David Court.

104. An Act for naturalizing John William Pfeil.

105. An Act for naturalizing William Harre.

106. An Act for naturalizing Henry Suthmier.

107. An Act for naturalizing John Haring.

108. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Tithing or Hamlet of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester.

109. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ripple, in the County of Worcester.

110. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Common and Waste Lands, within the Township of Hornsea, in the Parish of Hornsea, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township.

111. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish of Kinnersley, in the County of Hereford.

112. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying in the united Parishes of Histon Saint Andrew and Histon Saint Etheldred, and of Impington, in the County of Cambridge.

113. An Act for dividing and allotting in Severalty the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and Commonable and Waste Lands, in or belonging to the Parish, Manors or Tithings of Wilsford, otherwise Willsford Dauntsey, otherwise Willesford Dauntsey, in the County of Wilts.

114. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Saint Ives, in the County of Huntingdon.

115. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Pastures, Cars, Common and Waste Lands, within the Township of Staxton, in the Parish of Willerby, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township, and also of Lands within the Townships of Binnington and Willerby, in the Parish of Willerby aforesaid.

116. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Sheep Walks, Commons and Waste Grounds, in Little Weeton and Riplingham, within the Township of Little Weeton, in the Parish of Rowley, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in Little Weeton, Riplingham and Hunsley, in the same Township, Parish and Riding.

117. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Heaths, Wastes and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Little Bytham, and the Hamlet of Aunby, in the County of Lincoln.

118. An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Common Down, Waste and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Letcomb Regis, and in the Hamlet of East Challow, in the Parish of Letcomb Regis, in the County of Berks, and a Common Meadow called White Mead, in Letcomb Regis and East Challow aforesaid, and in the Hamlet of West Challow, in the said Parish of Letcomb Regis, and in the Parish of Letcomb Basset, in the same County.

119. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Campbell of Calcutta, in the Province of Bengal, in the East Indies, Doctor of Physic, with Jessy Campbell his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

120. An Act for naturalizing Henry Anthony Wittekind and Christopher Henry Werner.

121. An Act for enabling Henry Michael Goold Esquire to charge certain Sums of Money with a Jointure to Eleanor Hawkins Spinster, his intended Wife, notwithstanding their respective Minorities.

122. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Chelston, otherwise Chelveston cum Caldecott, in the County of Northampton.

123. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Waste Grounds and Commons, or Commonable Lands, within the Manor of Frimley, in the Parish of Ash, in the County of Surrey.

124. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Scremby, in the County of Lincoln.

125. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little Abington, in the County of Cambridge.

126. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Fetcham, in the County of Surrey.

127. An Act for allotting, inclosing and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, Heaths and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Bottisham, in the County of Cambridge.

128. An Act for allotting, inclosing and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Trumpington, in the County of Cambridge.

129. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Heath and Waste Ground, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Tolleshunt Major, otherwise Tolleshunt Beckingham, in the County of Essex.

130. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Hayes with Christian Jones his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

131. An Act for naturalizing John Christian Ubele.

A

TABLE

Containing THE TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed in the SECOND Session of the FIRST Parliament

OF THE

United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland:

42 GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

Anno 42 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and two. Page 257

2. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and two. 271

3. An Act to revive and continue until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, so much of an Act made in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Use of Salt, Duty free, in preserving of Fish; and to discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported; and to indemnify all Persons who have issued or acted under any Orders for delivering Salt, Duty free, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned. 279

4. An Act to repeal an Act, made in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit until the first Day of October One thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of six Weeks next after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, any Person or Persons from selling any Bread which shall not have been baked twenty four Hours; and to indemnify Bakers and other Persons who have sold or exposed to Sale any Bread within the Time prohibited by the said Act. 280

5. An Act to continue until the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and two, so much of an Act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty as relates to the reducing the Duties upon Worts or Wash brewed or made from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, or to any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits; for reviving and continuing for the same Period so much of the said Act as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; and for continuing for the same Period an Act made in the same Session of Parliament for prohibiting the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran in Scotland; and so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament as relates to allowing the Distillation of Spirits in Scotland from Melasses or Sugar at a lower Rate of Duty. 280

6. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money for the Service of Great Britain, to be raised by a Lottery; and to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the Commencement of the Drawing of the said Lottery. Ibid.

7. An Act to repeal an Act, made in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to permit, until the frist Day of August One thousand eight hundred and two, the Importation of certain Naval Stores from Hamburgh and other Ports of Germany. 281

8. An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer Bills. Ibid.

9. An Act for raising the Sum of five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the United Kingdom, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and two. 286

10. An Act to revive and continue, until the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom. 287

11. An Act to remove certain Restraints upon the Correspondence by Letter between Persons residing in Great Britain and Ireland and Persons residing in certain Foreign Countries. Ibid.

12. An Act to regulate, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, the Number of Private Militia Men in the several Counties, Ridings, and Places therein mentioned; and for supplying of Vacancies in the Militia. Ibid.

13. An Act to continue until the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, and amend an Act of the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for, prohibiting the Exportation and permitting the Importation of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty; and to continue for the same Period, an Act of the last Session of Parliament for prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and for permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without Payment of Duty. 289

14. An Act to permit, until the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, the making of Starch from Rice or Potatoes, or any Mixture thereof, and the Importation of any such Starch from Ireland free of Duty. Ibid.

15. An Act to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Wheat in Ireland. 290

16. An Act to continue, until the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for preventing the Importation of organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty. Ibid.

17. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and two. 291

18. An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in, and for enlarging the Limits of the Southern Whale Fishery. Ibid.

19. An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual an Act made in the twenty second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster, and for preventing the forestalling and monopolizing of Fish; and for allowing the Sale of Fish under the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the first Year of his late Majesty's Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook, as relates to the Sale of Eels. 292

20. An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to continue several Laws relating to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from Great Britain to the British Sugar Colonies in the West Indies until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight; to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America until the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twelve; to the regulating the Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace; to the allowing the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador until the twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight; and to the allowing the Importation and Exportation of Goods from and to India and China, in Ships not of British built, during the Continuance of the exclusive Trade to and from the East Indies, granted to the East India Company by an Act of the thirty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign. 292

21. An Act for raising the Sum of one Million by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and two. 293

22. An Act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and four, the Bounties granted for the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries; and for continuing and amending the Regulations respecting the same. Ibid.

23. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes, until the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two; to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and two; to allow, until the twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, Persons who have omitted to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contrafts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants, to make Payment of the same; to indemnify such. Persons as have neglected to obtain Certificates of Admission. as Solicitors or Attornies, Notaries or Proctors, and for extending the Time, limited for that Purpose, until two Months after the passing of this Act; to indemnify Perform who have printed or published Pleadings, and other Proceedings in Courts of Law or Equity, upon which the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer has not been printed; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time, limited for that Purpose, until the first Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two. 294

24. An Act to repeal the Duties on Cinnamon imported by the East India Company, and on Cassia Lignea of all Sorts, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof; and to repeal the Custom Duties on certain Hides and Skins; and to repeal certain Duties granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament upon Box Wood imported, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof. 298

25. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within the United Kingdom, and the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man. 299

26. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, until the twenty-fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two. Ibid.

27. An Act to empower his Majesty to cause certain countervailing Duties, granted by an Act of the thirty Seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between his Majesty and the United States of America, to cease, or be suspended until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, under certain Circumstances. 299

28. An Act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amending several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons and other Offenders, to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland respectively. 300

29. An Act to authorize the East India Company to make their Settlement at Fort Marlborough, in the East Indies, a Factory subordinate to the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, and to transfer the Servants who, on the Reduction of that Establishment, shall be supernumary, to the Presidency of Fort Saint George. Ibid.

30. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to stay, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, Proceedings in Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, for abridging Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of Livings, and from taking of Ferms. 301

31. An Act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, several Acts of the last Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting Duties to his Majesty in Ireland. Ibid.

32. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant certain Parcels of Land, situate between Great Prince Rock and the Village of Crab Tree, called Tothil Bay, and Lipson Bay, near to the Borough of Plymouth in the County of Devon, to certain Persons therein named, for the Purpose of embanking and preferring the same from the Sea. 302

33. An Act for raising the Sum of twenty-five Millions by way of Annuities. 304

34. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Windows or Lights, and on inhabited Houses; and for consolidating the same with the present Duties thereon. 305

35. An Act for regulating, until the fifteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and three, the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain. 316

36. An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and three, several Acts of the last Session of Parliament for reviving, continuing, and amending several Laws for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Ireland. 317

37. An Act, for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs; and for consolidating the same with the present Duties thereon. Ibid.

38. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on Beer and Ale brewed in or imported into Great Britain; on Malt made in Great Britain; on Hops grown in or imported into Great Britain; and on Spirits distilled in Ireland and imported into Great Britain; for repealing certain Allowances to Brewers of Beer and Ale; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Revenue of Excise, on Beer, Ale, and Malt. 326

39. An Act for extending the Time for the Payment of certain Sums of Money, advanced by way of Loan to several Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent. 334

40. An Act to continue, until the first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, the Restrictions contained in several Acts of the thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, on Payment in Cash by the Bank. 337

41. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and two. 337

42. An Act for repealing the Duties on Income; for the effectual Collection of Arrears of the said Duties, and accounting for the same; and for charging the Annuities specifically charged thereon, upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain. 338

43. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Goods imported into and exported from Great Britain, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels entering outwards or Inwards in any Port of Great Britain to or from Foreign Parts. 340

44. An Act for permitting French Wines to be imported into Great Britain in Bottles or Flasks, under certain Restrictions. 357

45. An Act to continue, until three Months after any Restriction imposed by any Act of the present Session of Parliament on the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payment shall cease, an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland. 358

46. An Act to require Overseers and Guardians of the Poor, to keep a Register of the several Children who shall be bound or assigned by them as Apprentices; and to extend the Provisions of an Act, passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to the binding of Apprentices by Houses of Industry, or Establishments for the Poor, which have been authorized so to do by subsequent Acts. Ibid.

47. An Act to continue, until the twentieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three, and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament relating to certain Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported; for permitting British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused, and for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported. 360

48. An Act for enabling his Majesty to settle an Annuity of twelve thousand Pounds on his Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, and a like Annuity of twelve thousand Pounds on his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, during his Majesty's Pleasure. 361

49. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia in England, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and two. Ibid.

50. An Act for continuing an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their quarters, within the United Kingdom, and the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man. 363

51. An Act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, an Act made in this Session of Parliament, for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore. 364

52. An Act for further continuing, until the first Day of February One thousand eight hundred and six, an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire for traveling Post and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same. Ibid.

53. An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments in Ireland according to Law. 365

54. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by Lotteries. 365

55. An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, during Peace. 374

56. An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the twenty fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting Stamp Duties on certain Medicines, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof; and for making effectual Provision for the better Collection of the said Duties. 375

57. An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting a certain Fund in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt; and to direct the Application of additional Funds, in case of future Loans to the like Purpose, as relates to the Commissioners for carrying the same into Execution. 385

58. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities on Debentures, for the Service of Ireland. 386

59. An Act for allowing, until the twentieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three, additional Bounties on refined Sugar exported, and discontinuing the Duty thereon granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament. 389

60. An Act to continue, until the thirtieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three, and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland; and for granting an additional Drawback on the Exportation of refined Sugar. 390

61. An Act for the further Encouragement of Irish Mariners, and for other Purposes relating thereto. 391

62. An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for directing the Appointment of Commissioners to administer certain Oaths and Declarations, required by Law to be taken and made by Persons offering to vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, to all Oaths now required by Law to be taken by Voters at Elections for Members to serve in Parliament. 396

63. An Act to authorize the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets, Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers by the Post, free from the Duty of Portage, by the Members of the two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain publick Officers therein named; and for reducing the Postage on such Votes, Proceedings, and Newspapers when sent by any other Persons. 397

64. An Act to revive, and further continue until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, and amend so much of an Act, made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of Militia, disembodied under an Act of the same session of Parliament. 400

65. An Act for making Allowances, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, in certain Cases, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Ireland, during Peace. Ibid.

66. An Act to enable his Majesty to avail himself of the Offers of certain Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps to continue their Services. 402

67. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the preventing the stealing or destroying of Turnips, and for the more effectually preventing the stealing or destroying of Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, Parsnips, Pease, and Carrots, to certain other Field Crops, and to Orchards; and for amending the said Act. 406

68. An Act to enable his Majesty to accept and continue the Services of certain Troops or Companies of Yeomanry in Ireland. 407

69. An Act to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencible Men, since the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to exercise Trades. 408

70. An Act for directing certain publick Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament, and for discontinuing certain other Forms of Account now in Use. 409

71. An Act to amend and render more effectual two Acts passed in twenty-sixth and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Reduction of the National Debt. 410

72. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, for the Defence of the Kingdom during the present War; and for the more effectually raising and regulating a Body of Miners for the Defence of Great Britain. 412

73. An Act for the Preservation of the Health and Morals of Apprentices and others, employed in cotton and other Mills, and Cotton and other Factories. 418

74. An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, so far as relates to the Payment of the Debts incurred for building any Poor House. 420

75. An Act to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland. Ibid.

76. An Act for repealing two Acts, made in the thirty-second and thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace, in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, as lie in and near the Metropolis, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; and for increasing the Salaries of the Justices at the Thames Police Office, until the first Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. 424

77. An Act to permit British-built Ships to carry on the Fisheries in the Pacific Ocean, without Licence from the East India Company, or the South Sea Company. 428

78. An Act to authorize the licensing an additional Number of Hackney Coaches. Ibid.

79. An Act to revive, and continue until the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four, and to amend several Acts, passed in the twenty-seventh, thirty-fifth, and thirty-ninth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries; and to continue, until the fourteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, so much of an Act of the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets. 429

80. An Act for repealing several Acts, made in the thirty-fifth, thirty-sixth, and thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof, to continue until the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four. 430

81. An Act for amending so much of an Act, passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the secreting, embezzling, or destroying any Letter or Packet sent by the Post; and for the better Protection of such Letters and Packets; and for more effectually preventing such Letters and Packets being sent otherwise than by the Post. 431

82. An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in Great Britain. 433

83. An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and three, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for regulating the Import, Export, and Sale of Coffee, and securing the Duties payable thereon; and also for securing the Duties payable on Licences to Persons in Ireland, not being Maltsters or Makers of Malt, selling Malt by Commission or otherwise. 436

84. An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in, and for expediting the Proceedings relating thereto. Ibid.

85. An Act for the trying and punishing in Great Britain Persons holding publick Employments, for Offences committed abroad; and for extending the Provisions of an Act, passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James, made for the Ease of Justices and others in pleading in Suits brought against them, to all Persons, either in or out of this Kingdom, authorized to commit to safe Custody. 438

86. An Act to continue, until the eighth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament for staying Proceedings in Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, for abridging Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of Livings, and of taking of Ferms; and also to stay Proceedings in Action, under an Act of the thirteenth Year of Queen Elizabeth, touching Leases of Benefices, and other Ecclesiastical Livings, with Cure. 440

87. An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Ireland for the Time being, to sell, lease, convey, or dispose of the Parliament House in the City of Dublin, and all the Premises and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland. Ibid.

88. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 442

89. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments in Trustees, for promoting the Service of his Majesty's Ordnance at Woolwich. 443

90. An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia. 444

91. An Act to raise and establish a Militia Force in Scotland. 484

92. An Act for repealing several Acts for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or reliant therein, in certain Cases; and for substituting other Provisions in lieu thereof. 508

93. An Act for exempting from the Auction Duty Estates and Effects bought in for the Owner, and Goods imported in any British Ship from any British Colony in America, or from any Part of the United States; for better collecting and securing the Duties of Excise on Wine, Home-made Spirits, Starch, Auctioneers, Rum shipped as Stores, and on Goods or Merchandize chargeable with Duties of Excise; for granting a further Allowance of Salt in the curing and preserving of Pilchards and Scads; and for allowing certain Draining Tiles to be made free of Duty. 517

94. An Act for repealing certain Duties on Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, Scaleboards, and Glazed Paper, imported into or made in Great Britain; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof. 520

95. An Act for repealing the Duties, granted by an Act made in this Session of Parliament, on Spermaceti Oil, Blubber, Train Oil, Fish Oil, or Oil of Seals, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for repealing the Duties, granted by the said Act, on Linen Yarn made of Flax, and on Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imported by the East India Company, and exported from the Warehouse in which the same shall have been secured; for exempting Stone, the Produce of Guerney, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, from Duty; and for permitting Merchandize, the Produce of any of the Colonies ceded to the French and Batavian Republicks, to be imported for three Years from the passing of this Act, upon Payment of certain Duties. 525

96. An Act to authorize the Commissioners of Excise to order the Restoration of Exciseable Goods seized or detained by Officers of Excise. 526

97. An Act to authorize the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in Great Britain, and the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland, to order the Use of the Hydrometers now employed in the Management of the Revenues, to be discontinued; and other Instruments to be used instead thereof. 527

98. An Act to continue, until the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, two Acts, made in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man; and for improving the Revenue thereof. Ibid.

99. An Act for allowing the stamping certain Deeds until the thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two; for amending an Act, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates; for exempting certain Legacies from the Payment of Duty; for reducing the Allowances on present Payment of Stamp Duties; and for reducing certain Stamp Duties on Policies for Sea Insurances. 528

100. An Act for enlarging the Time for which Horses may be let to Hire without being subject to any annual Duty; for explaining and amending several Acts relating to the Duties on Horses, Servants, and Carriages; and for authorizing the Allowance in the Accounts of the Receivers General of the several Sums advanced by them, in pursuance of the Acts for raising a Provisional Force of Cavalry, and not reimbursed to them by Assessment. 529

101. An Act for repealing the Rates and Duties of Postage upon Letters to and from France and the Batavian Republic from and to London, and for granting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof; and for exempting from the Duty of Tonnage the Ships and Vessels to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters from France to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. 533

102. An Act for enabling his Majesty to permit the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into and from the Port of Road Harbour in the Island of Tortola, until the firstt Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, and from thence until six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament. 534

103. An Act lb repeal the additional Duty of six Pounds per Centum on the Duties payable on the Importation into Ireland of certain Goods imported by Retailers or Consumers; and for repealing and reducing certain Duties on Policies of Insurance and Sea Insurances in Ireland. Ibid.

104. An Act to require Persons licensed to keep Lottery Offices in Ireland, to divide into Shares a certain Number of whole Lottery Tickets; and for empowering the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain to remit to the Exchequer of Ireland a certain Sum of Money out of the Contributions for Lotteries. 536

105. An Act for providing a proper Salary for the Office of the Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal of Ireland. 336

106. An Act for regulating the Trial of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament for Ireland. 538

107. An Act more effectually to prevent the dealing of Deer. 543

108. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. 545

109. An Act for authorizing and rendering valid the Discharge of certain Militia Men in Ireland; and for giving Indemnity to the several Counties and Places in Ireland, which may incur any Expence in consequence of the Discharge of certain Militia Men. Ibid.

110. An Act for raising the Sum of five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three. Ibid.

111. An Act for raising the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three. 546

112. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain. Ibid.

113. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Lord Hutchinson Baron Hutchinson of Alexandria, and of Knocklofty in the County of Tipperary, and the two next Persons to whom the Title of Baron Hutchinson shall descend, in consideration of his eminent Services. Ibid.

114. An Act for extending the Provisions of two Acts of the thirty-fifth and thirty-eighth Years of his present Majesty, so far as they relate to the Encouragement of Persons coming to Milford Haven for the Purpose of carrying on the Southern Whale Fishery. 546

115. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. 547

116. An Act for consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, into one Act, and for making further Provision for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for removing Doubts respecting the Right of Persons claiming to vote at Elections for Knights of the Shire and other Members to serve in Parliament, in respect of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, the Land Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased. 548

117. An Act for granting to his Majesty, certain additional Duties on Goods imported into and exported from Ireland. 604

118. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of Ireland, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three; and for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied. 608

119. An Act to suppress certain Games and Lotteries not authorized by Law. 609

120. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the respective Consolidated Funds of Great Britain and Ireland; for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and two; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 611

PUBLICK LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

i. AN Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and rendering safe and commodious, several Roads leading from the Town of South Molton in the County of Devon. Page 619

---

ii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the twenty-fecoud Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads in and near to the Town of Tenbury, in the Counties of Salop, Worcester, and Hereford, and also the Roods leading from the Knowlc Gate to the Turnpike Road on the Clee Hilly leading from Ludlow to Cleobury Mortimer, and from Kyre Mill to the Turnpike Road leading from Bromyard to Tenbury in the said Counties. Ibid.

iii. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending the Road from the West End of Seend Street to the Horse and Jockey, in the Parish of Box, in the County of Wilts, and certain other Roads leading out of the said Road; and for making an additional Road from the said Road in the Chapelry of Seend, to communicate with the Devizes Turnpike Road, at or near Somerham Brook, the same Chap dry, all in the said County. Ibid.

iv. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts; the one passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for more effectually amending several Roads leading from and near the Borough of Truro in the County of Cornwall, and for building and keeping in Repair a Bridge over the River at a Place called the Steppings, in or near the said Borough; and the other, passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for extending the Provisions of the said former Act to the several other Roads therein described. 619

v. An Act for repairing, altering, widening, and improving the Road leading from the City of Canterbury to the Town of

Ramsgate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent; and for Impending and varying, for a limited Time, so much of an Act, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the Toll Gate, and to the Tolls now payable by virtue of the said Act, on the Road leading from the said City of Canterbury to the Isle of Thanet. Ibid.

vi. An Act for repairing, altering, widening, and improving the Road leading from the City of Canterbury to the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

vii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road near the West End of the Town of Chesterfeld to Matlock Bridge, and also the Road leading out of the said Road over Darley Bridge to Cross Green, and also the Road leading out of the said last mentioned Road to the Turnpike Road near Rowejley Bridge; all in the County of Derby. Ibid.

viii. An Act for repairing, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Shire Hall in the Town and Port of Woodbridge, to the Broad Street in the Town and Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk. 620

ix. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging

(Publick Local and Personal, ) 42 GEO. III. xxvii

log the Powers of an Act, passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repeating an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of his late fifajtjiy K ing George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Union Point, near the Town of Uckfield in the County cr/'Sussex, to Langney Bridge, in the Parish of West ham in the said County, at^d for more eff(finally repairing the said Road; and also for amending, widtn-hr; and keeping in Repair the Road from the Side Gate on the Horse Bridge Turnpike Road, in the Par 'fh of Hcllingly, to the Turnpike Road leading from Cross-in-Hand to Burwafh in the said County. 620

X. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the first and twenty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall. through the Towns of Penryn, Hcljtone, and Mara % ion, and from thence to and over Mara-xion River and Bridge, and two hundred Feet to the West* ward of^ie said River and Bridge. Ibid.

xi. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Wastes, within the Manor and Parish of Barkeswell in the County of Warwick. Ibid.

xE. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Wilmslow Bridge in Wilnflow, in the County of Chester, through Nether Alderly and the Town of Conglcton, to or near the Red Bull in Church Lawton, in the said County. Ibid.

xiii. An Act to enlarge the Powers and explain and amend an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better repairing the Highways, andcleanfng the Streets, within the Pari/hof^dinX. Leonard, Shoreditch<//i the County of Mid-d!efex; and for better enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts there, and regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels within the said Parish; and for paving, repairing, and regulating certain Footways, Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places in the said Parish; and for removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances j therein. Ibid.

xiv. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of so much of two Acts, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Road leading from the Crop of Hand near Fa ford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury in the County of OxfordIbid.

xv. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarg-

ing the Powers cf two Acts, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-tirft Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the Road from Leeds to Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York.Ibid.

xvi. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the

Powers of several Acts, passed in the eleventh, twenty-sixth, and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church through Hackney to Stamford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath over Bethnal Green to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

xvh. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the iecond and

seventeenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the Borough of Satiafh in the County of Cornwall. 621

xviii. An Act for building a new Gaol for the County of Galway, and for purchasing Lands sufficient for the fame, and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

xix. An Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands

and Low Grounds, within the l'several Parishes of Downham Market, Wimbofham, Stow Bardolph, and Denver, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xx. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the River Severn at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near Netherp >ol, in the County of Chester, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from tlx said intended Canal, as restrains the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal from taking Tonnage on Coals, Coak, Culm, Lime, or Limestone, upon a Part of the said Canal; and for authorizing the said Company of Proprietors to raise a Sum of Money to make up the Amount of their original Subscription; ami for further amending the several Acts passed, relative to the making of the said Canal. Ibid.

xxi. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Barnsley Common, in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Cross, and also the Road from the Guide Post in Barugh, to a Rivulet called Barugh Brook, and from thence for two hundred Yards over and beyond the same Rivulet or Brook, into the Township of Cawthorne, in the said County. Ibid.

xxii. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Runham, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xxiii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-

larging the Powers of two Acts, one passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for widening and repairing the Road leading from Hof ham, in the County of Sussex, through Capell, Dorking, Mickkham, and Leatherhead, to the Watch House in Eblisham, in the County of Surrey; and from Capell to Stone-street, in the Parish of Ockley, in the said County of Surrey. Ibid.

xxiv. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual so much of an Act, passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the South Level, Part of the great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level, between certain old Rivers or Drains called Stoke River, and Brandon River, and a certain Levtl or Diflrifi called Feltwell New District, and The Hard Lands of Woodhall-in-Helgay, and Helgay, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, as relates to the Fen and Low Grounds lying within the second District or Division described in the said Act. 622

xxv. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to make Railways, to alter the Course of the Railway from Froghall to Caldon, and Part of the Course of the Canal from Froghall to Uttcx-eter; and to amend the Trent and Mersey Canal Aft3. Ibid.

xxvi. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en

The TITLES of

larging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein dtferib-cd, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Otley to Skip-ton, in the County of York, and from Skipton aforesaid to Colne, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for altering the Course or Direction of certain Parts of the said Road from Otley to Skipton aforesaid. 622

xxvii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Acts for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and vended within the Town of Dundee and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof. Ibid.

xxviii. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of hie present Majesty's Reign, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of St. Mary IJhngton, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

xxix. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving certain Open Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Manor or Parish of Aire was, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

xx. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a Trad of Common and Waste Lands, called Rhofbirwaun, situate in the several Parities of Abrrdaron, Llanfaelrhys, and Bryn-eroes, in the County of Caernarvon. 623

xxxi. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Stiuted Pasture, and Common, within the Parish of Richmond, in the North Riding of the County of York. 624

xxxii. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Kempston, in the County of Buford. Ibid.

xxxiii. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of two several Acts, of the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and of the twentieth Year of his present Majesty, charging a Duty of two Pennies Serfs, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and Parish of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act for inclosing and improving Mountjoy Square, in the Parish of Saint George in the County of Dublin. Ibid.

xxxv. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Somersetshire Coal Canal Navigation, to vary and alter the Lines of the said Canal; to raise Money for completing the said Canal and Works; and to alter and amend the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts passed for making the said Canal. Ibid.

xxxvi. An Act for continuing the^Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two several Acts, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-fuft Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from Westwood Gate in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, through the Towns of Rujhder. and Higham Ferrers, and over Artleborough Bridge, to the Turnpike Road in Barton Seagrave Lane in the Parish of Barton Seagrave, in the County of Northampton. Ibid.

xxxvii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of three several Acts passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the thirteenth and twenty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road lending from the Toll Gate in the Parish of Kettering, through the Town of Wellingborough, in the

the STATUTES.

County of Northampton, and through Olncy, over Sherrington Bridge, to Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks; and for repairing and widening or rebuilding the said Sherrington Bridge. 624

xxxviii. An Act for amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Horse Fair, in the Town of Banbury in the County of Oxford, through Swalcliffe in the said County of Oxford, and through Brailes in the County of Warwick, to the Bridge cromng the River Stour, in the Parish of Barcheston, in the said County of Warwick. Ibid.

xxxix. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and Leeping in Repair, the Road from Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Barnhill, in the County ©/"Chester; and/or making, amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road branching out of the said Road at a Place called Pwll-y-rbwyd, in the said County of Denbigh, to the Borough of Holt, in the same County. 625

xl. An Act for making and maintaining a new Road, to extend from or near to a Place called Beattock, in the Parish of Kirkpatrick Juxta, in the County of Dumfries, by the Boroughs of Lochmaben and Annan, to the River of Sark, at or near to the present Bridge there. Ibid.

xli. An Act for vesting several Mt tillages and Hereditaments.in Sheffield in the County of York, and divers detached Parts of the settled Estates of the most noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, in Trustees, upon Trust to fell; and for laying out the Monies, in the Purchase of more convenient Estates, and otherwise. Ibid.

xlii. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and appropriating the Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses, within the Manor or Township of Egion with Newland in the Parish of Ulvnston, in the Cwunty Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

xliii. An Act for improving the Tinmouth Callle Light-House and Light; and for authorizing additional Light Duties in respect of such Improvement. Ibid.

xliv. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two several Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicjler, through Burton-upon-Trent, in the County of Stafford, and to the Cock Inn in Tutbury, in the said County. Ibid.

xlv. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from a Place called The Crown Hill, in the Town of Newctif, in the County of Gloucester, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Hereford, towards Newnham, in the County of Gloucester; and also another Road leading from the Bottom of Kilcott Hill, in the Parish of Newent aforesaid, towards the Town and Forest of Deane, in the County of Gloucester, with a Branch from the same towards Ledbury, in the County of Hereford. Ibid.

xlvi. An Act for authorizing the Trustees of the Will of the Honourable Richard Walpole to fell certain Parts of his of Estates in the County of Norfolk, for the Payment of his Debts. Ilid.

xlvii. An Act for building and maintaining a House of Cor-rediou in and for the City and County of Aberdeen, and for raising a fund for defraying the Charges of apprehending, prosecuting, and fubfilling Criminals, Rogues, and Vagabonds, found within the said City and Liberties thereof. Ibid.

xlviii. An Act for opening several new Streets in the Town of Kilmarnock and County of Ayr; for altering and widening some of the Streets, Lanes, and Passages within the said Town; for building two new Bridges over the Water of

(Publick Local and Personal, ) 42 GEO. III.

Kilmarnock 5 for removing the present Slaughter-houses in the said Town, and building new ones, and a Town-hall,; and Guard-house; for enlarging and repairing the Gaol or Tolbooth; for enlarging the Burial Ground, of the said Town; for paving the said Town and Places adjoining thereto, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Magistrates of the fa: d Town over certain adjacent Land.'. 625

xlix. An Act to authorize the Advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for completing the Canal, and other Works, which by an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of London, were directed to be made and done by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council attembled..626

L An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for draining the Low Grounds and Carrs ling in the fever of Parishes, Townships, and Places, of Key-ingham, Keyingham Marsh, Ryhill and Cainerton, Bum-wick and Skeckling, Burton Pidfea, and Ridgtnont, Ot-tringham, Hallham, Owftwick, Roofs, Rimfwell, Tunstall, Waxholme, Elftemwick, Lelley, Humbleton, Fitling, Hil-don, Garton, Albrough, Flinton, and Tanfterne, within the Seigniory o/*Holderness, and East Riding of the County of York; and to render more etteftual the Drainage of all and singular the Lands and Grounds within the said several Parishes, Townships, and Places, and within all other Township, Hamlets, and Places, within or Parcel or Member of the several Parishes mentioned, or any of them respectively. 627 1L An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from, or nearly from, Port-heuthwy Ferry, otherwise called Bangor Ferry, in the County of Carnarvon, to or near to Pentre V*lelas, in the Parish of Llanufydd, in the County of Denbigh. 628

lii. An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Stoe kb ridge, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City through Bellmrjur Lane, to the Top of Stephens Castle Down, near the Town of Bishop's Waltham, in the said County, and from the said City of Winchester, through Ottorbome to Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton; as relates to the South Dillrift of the Southampton Road. Ibid.

liii. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of John Williams Esquire, devised by the Will of Pec I bam Williams Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging an Incumbrance thereon. Ibid.

liv. An Act for vesting the Entirety of certain Hereditaments in the County of Middlefxi and an undivided Moietyof certain other Hereditaments, in the same County, respectively devised, in drift Settlement, by the Witt of John Lefevre Esquire deceased, in Charles Shaw Lefevre Esquire, and his Heirs, and for settling the Entirety of certain Mettiiages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Southampton, in lieu thereof, and to the like Uses. Ibid.

lv. An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County ^Wigtown; and for tlx more effectually amending, widening, altering, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the High Bridge of Cree, by Newton Douglass, Glenluce, and Stranraer, to Port Patrick, and from Stranraer to the Confnes of the County of Ayr near the Cairn of Lochryan; and for levying a Converson Money in heu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating

42 Geo. III.

the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County. 62 3

lvi. An Act for enlarging the present, or providing an additional Workhouse for the Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent; forraifing Money for that Purpose; for the better ascertaining and collecting the Poor Rates; and for the better Relief, Government, and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish. Ibid.

lvii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for erecting a Workhouse in the City and County of the City of Norwich, for the better Employment and maintaining the Poor there, so far as the same relates to the erecting a new Workhouse within the said City and County, for the better Maintenance of the Poor thereof. Ibid.

lviii. An Act for draining, preserving from Water, and improving, certain Low Lands and Grounds, lying within the several Parishes or Chnpelries of Wookey, Wefbury, Rodney-Stoke, Wed more, Mear, Weare, Nyland, Badgworth, Bid-dfham, East Brent, South Brent, Cheddar, Axbridge, Compton Bishop, Loxton, Bleadon, Brean, Berrow, and Lymflsham, all in the County of Somerset; and for altering and improving the Navigation of the River Axe, yttthin the said Parishes of Bleadon, Lympsham, Loxton, East Brent, Compton Bishop, Biddisham, Badgworth, Weare, and Axbridge, some or one of them, above and from a certain Place called Southern Mead Barrs, situate within the said Parish of Bleadon. Ibid.

lix. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

4. An Act for amending andwidening the Roads leading from Stretford's Bridge, in the County of Hereford, to the New Inn, in the Parish of Winftanftow, in the County of Salop,

and also the Road from Bluemantle Hall, near Mortimer's 4 Cross, to Aymstrey, in the said County of Hereford; and for repealing so much ofan Act, made in the twenty second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Mortimer's Cross to Aymstrey Bridge.' 629

lx. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the ninth and twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein described, so far as the same relate to the Road from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dor-chester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called Mile Stone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County. Ibid.

lxi. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Bough-ton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Bars at Boughton Within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch aforesaid, being the first Dillrift of Roads in the said Acts mentioned. Ibid.

lxii. An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Worthing, in the Parish of Broadwater, in the County of Sussex, by Findon, Wqfb-ington Hill Rock, and Ashington Common, to Dial Post, and from thence, by Neb Castle and Baybridge Lane, to the Slewing Tumpire, at West Grinjled Park, in the said County. Ibid.

The TITLES of

lxiii. An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End, in Kent-Street, in the Parish of Saint George SoutJrwark, to Dartford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, and for more effectually repairing and improving the said Roads, and for lighting and watching, or guarding the fame; and aHo for increasing the Compositions payable in lieu of Statute Duty, by the Parishes of East Greenwich and Saint Paul Deptford, to the Treasurer of the said Roads. 629 lxnr. An Act for repairing, widening, and altering, the Road leading from the South End of Brown*s Lane, in the Parish of Great Stoughton, inhe County of Huntingdon, to the Bedford Turnpike Road in the Parish of Lavendon, in the County of Buckingham. Ibid.

lxv. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, one passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the thirty-nine Mile Stone, at the Upper End of Stone Street, in the Town of Maid-stone, in the County of Kent, to a certain Place called Tubbs Lake, in the Parish of Cranbrooi, in the said County. Ibid.

Ixvi. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the fifth and nineteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads in the County of Carmarthen, so far as relate to the Kidwelly District of Roads therein mentioned; for discharging the Trustees from the Care of a Part of the Roads within the said District, and for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the North Side of a Bridge called Pont-y-Gribcnlwyd-ar-Gwilly to a Bridge called Pont-ar-ddy-lats, and from thence to the River Lea-cher, in the Pariw of Llanedy, in the County of Carmarthen. Ibid.

bevii. An Act for rectifying a Mistake in a Settlement, made by the Right Honourable John late Earl of Bute, and the Right Honourable Mary Wortley, late Countess of Bute and Baronefa Mountjluart, his Wife, both deceased. 630

lxviii. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of George Silver-top Esquire, in Pont Island, otherwise Pont Poland, in the County of Northumberland, and IVinlaton in the County of Durham, in Trustees to be sold; and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale in or toward the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of John Silvertop Esquire, deceased; and for annexing the Rectory and Tythes of the Parish Church of By well Saint Peter, in the said County of Northumberland, held by a Lease for twenty-one Years, to the Uses of the Will of the said late John Silvertop; and for vesting in the said George Silvertop several Parts or Shares of certain Coal Mines or Collieries in Stella Kyo-Field, Chopwell, and the Parish of Ryton, in the said County of Durham, heretofore belonging to the said John Silvertop, mostly held by the like Tenure and for enabling the said George Silvertop to charge Part of the settled Estates with the Sum of five thousand Pounds, and to authorize the Executors of the said John Silvertop to pay to the said George Silvertop the Sum of two hundred and thirty-five Pounds, and deliver to him the Household Furniture, and other Goods and Chattels, for his own Benefit; and also for veiling his Eftafce in Minster Acres in the said County of Northumberland, in Trustees, to certain Uses, and ter the Uses of the said Will. Ibid.

lxix. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Hcnllan in the County of Denbigh. Ibid.

tac. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Moor or the STATUTES,

Common, Open Fields, Stinted Pastures* and other Commonable Lands, within the Township of Mickleton, and Parish of Romaldkirk, in the North Riding of the County of York. 630

lxxi. An Act for enabling certain Persons in the Town and Port of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to erect an Exchange there, for the Accommodation of themselves, and the Merchants and others concerned inTrade in the said Town and Port; and for incorporating the Proprietors thereof. Ibid.

lxxii. An Act for completing the rebuilding of the Tower of the Parish Church of Saint Anne, within the Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex. and a new Vestry Room, Watch House, Engine House, and Vaults, for the Use of the said Parish, and for repairing the said Church* improving the Church Yard, and making certain Regulations relating to the said Parish. 631

lxxiii. An Act forraifinga further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution three several Acts, passed in the thirty fifth, thirty-eighth, and in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Yeai? of the Reign of his present Majesty, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar; and for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill; and for raising 011 the Credit of the Orphans Fund a Sum of Money for those Purposes; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging the Powers of the said Acts. Ibid.

lxxiv. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Catfield and Sutton, in the County of Norfolk, and for draining and preserving the said Commons and Waste Grounds. 633

lxxv. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-largitig the Powers, of several Acts passed respecting fevefol Ro.ids near the Borough of Ashlurt n, and the Town of Newton Bushell; and for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from a Place called Moor's Bam to the End of White Hill Lane, in the Parish of Highwick; and for making a id maintaining a Road from the Botftom of Dean Clapper Hill at the West End of the Village of Dean Prior, in the Parish of Dean Prior, through the village of Dean Church Town, and from thence through the Parishes of Rattery and South Brent to Brent Bridge, all in the County of Devon. Ibid.

lxxvL An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stone's End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the County of Sussex, and several other Roads therein mentioned, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes. 634 lxxvii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the first and twelfth Years of the Reign of King George the First, the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Georg the Second, and the seventh and thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hanwell Heath, through the Parishes of Hanwell, New Bnntford9 and Paling, to the Great Western Road, in the said County; and for lighting, watching, and watering the Highway between Tyburn and Kensington Gravel Pits. Ibid.

lxxviii. An Act for enabling Trustees to make Exchange of a Messuage and other Hereditaments at Scawby, in the County of Lincoln, (Part of the settled Estates of John Upplcby Esquire, ) for a Messuage and other Hereditaments at Woo-ton, in the said County of Lincoln. Ibid.

btxix. Am

XXXI

(Publick Local and Pers42 GEO. III.

Infcc. An Act for dividing and allotting in Severalty the Open and Common Arable Fields, Commons, Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Wcjlbury, in the County of Wilts. 634 kxx. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram-road, from or from near a certain Place* called The Flats, in the Parish of Llanelly, in the County of Carmarthen, to or near to certain Lime Rocks, called Ca [Icily - G arreg, in the Parish of Llanfihangel-Aberbythich, in the said County; and for making and maintaining a Dock or Bason at the Termination of the said Railway or Tramroad, at or near the said Plaice called The Flats. Ibid.

lxxxi. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, one paflld in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Barrs at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, to Ivctfey Bank, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to Ca/lle Bromwich and Stone Bridge, in the Parish of Hampton-in-Arden, in the County of Warwick, and from Ca/lle Bromwich to Birmingham, in the feme County; so far as the said Acts relate to the Roads leading from 2 Place called The Welsh Harp, in the Township of Stonnall, in the said County of Stafford, to Stone Bridge, and from Ca/lle Bromwich to Birmingham, being the fourth District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned. Ibid.

bxxii. An Act to enlarge the Term, and to amend, alter, and vary the Powers of an Act, passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the eleventh Year of his present Majesty, for more effectually repeating and amending the Roads from Liverpool to Prefcot, Ashton, and Warrington, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and to vary certain Parte of the Line of the said Roads. 635

lxxxiii. An Act for widening, altering, improving, and repairing, the Road leading from Aljreton, in the County of Derby, to the Town of Derby. Ibid.

lxxxiv. An Act for exchanging the settled Estate of Si 1* George Beef on Prescott Baronet, in the County of Chester, for another Estate of greater Value in the County or Flint, to he settled in lieu thereof. Ibid.

lxxxv. An Act to enable the High Court of Chancery to authorize and empower the Devi fees in Trust under the Will of ffohn Glover late of King Street, in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, to grant a Lease for the Term of ninety-nine Years of the Messuage or Tenement therein mentioned, being Part of the Ellate devised by the said Will, pursuant to an Agreement therein recited or for such shorter Term of Years, and upon such other Conditions, as to the said Court shall seem reasonable. Ibid.

ixxxvi. An Act for feuing the Glebe of the Parish of the Barony of Glasgow, in the County of Lanark. Ibid.

lxxxvii. An Act for exonerating and discharging Parcel of the Possessions of the Prebendary of the Prebend of Freer otherwise Plpa Minor, founded in the Cathedral Church of Liich-JielJ, in the County of Stafford, of and from a certain Lease made thereof; and for authorizing the Sale of the Mines and Minerals within the Premises comprized in such Lease, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

txxxviii. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better fapplying the Cities of London and Wtll-tninster with Fish, and to reduce the present exorbitant Price thereof, and to prated and encourage Fiwermen, as limits the Number of Fife to be sold by Wholesale within the said City of London; and fox the better Regulation of the Sale of Fife

by Wholesale in the Market of Billingsgate, within the said City. 635

lxxxix. An Act to remove Doubts as to certain Acts relating to the Admeasurement of Coals in the City and Liberty 01 Westminster, and Parts Adjacent; and to revive and continue an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to the Admeasurement of Coal# within the Limits aforesaid; and to indemnify all Persons who have acted in pursuance of any of the Provisions of the said Act. 637

xc. An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the King's Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent 5 for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances tJserein; for bettor supplying the said Town with Water, and for repairing the High ways within the Parish of Maidstone; and for raising a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of thefeid Act.

<53*

xci. An Act for amending an Act, passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and establishing publick Quays or Whasfs at King-fton-upon-Hull, for the better securtng his Majesty's Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the Port of ICingfton-upon-Hull; for making a Bason or Dock, with Rew fervoirs. Sluices, Roads, and other Works, for the Accommodation of Vfffels using the said Port; and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to his Majesty, and far applying certain Sums of Money out of his Majesty's Customs at the said Port*, for those Purposes; and for establishing other necessary Regulations within the Town and Port of Kingston-upon-Hull; and also for making additional Basons or Docks at Kingston-upon* Hull, with an Entrance into the feme from the River Humber $ and for granting certain Lands belonging to his Majesty, in Aid of the said Works. Ibid.

xcii. An Act for amending, altering, and extending the Powers of the several Acts of Parliament now in force, for applying the City of Dublin with Water, and for making better Provision for that Purpose. 640

xciii. An Act for vesting divers Estates in the Parifees of Bradford and Caherley, in the West Riding of the County of York, purchased for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the Bradford Canal Navigation, in Trustees, upon certain Trusts, discharged from all Claims of the Crown in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under or by virtue of the Laws or Statutes of Mortmain. 641

xciv. An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the thirty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for improving the Navigation of the River Medway, from the Town of Mcudfone, through the several Parifees of Maidstone, Baxley, AUington, and Aylesford, in the County of Kent; and for the better and more effectually improving the Navigation of the said River. 642

xcv. An Act for dividing, inclosing, draining, and preserving the Open Fields, Half Year's Meadow Land, Common Pastures, Moors, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Saxelby, in the County of Lincoln, and Townships of Harby and Broadholm, in the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

xcvi. An Act to empower the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Councilmen of the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, to take down the Bridge over the River Witbamf in the said Borough, and to erect a Bridge over some other Part of the said River, within the said Borough, and to ope a and make proper Avenues, Ways, and Passages thereto, and to enlarge and improve the Gaol and House of Correftioa within the said Borough, and to purchase and take dowx several Houses for the rurposes aforesaid. HU.

xxxii The TITLES of the STATUTES,

xcvii. An Act for making and repairing the Road from Catife-way Head near Stirling, through the County of Clackmannan, by the Foot of the Ochil Hills and by IVef Sasine and Cross-feord, towards Queensferry, and certain Roads branching out of the same: and for converting the Statute Labour in the said County of Clackmannan. 642

xcviii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in thet hirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the third and eighteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and amending the Roads from the Town of Uttoxeter to the Town of Newca/lle-under-Iyme, and from Cliffs Bunk to Snape Marsh, and also from Lower Lane to Hem Heath, all in the County, of Stafford. Ibid.

xcix. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Moot Hall in Wirksworth, to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Braflington, ' at or near to a Place called The Cross in the Hand, on Hulland Ward, and also the Road from the said Moot Hall to another Turnpike Road leading from the Cross PoR on Wirksworth Moor to Matlock Bath, at or near to a Place called The Steeple House, in the Township of Wirksworth aforesaid, all in the County of Derby. Ibid.

c. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts heretofore passed, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Stoncbridgcy in the County of IVar-> wick. Ibid.

1 ri. An Act for making and maintaining, and for watching, r lighting, and watering a Road from the JVefl India Docks in the Isle of Dogs to communicate with a Street called Church Lane or Church Street, Whitechapel, and for making and maintaining a Branch of Road therefrom, to communicate with Queen Street, in the Parish of Saint Anne, all in the County of Middlesex; for opening, widening, and improving certain Streets, and Passages therein mentioned; and for more effectually amending and keeping in Repair a Road from Ratcliffe Highway, through Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex, and also from the Well End of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shadwell Street into the Back Lane, in the said County of Middlesex. 643

cii. An Act for authorizing the Persons therein named to concur on the Part of Peter de Sails Esquire, and the other Persons entitled under the Settlement executed by Jerome de Sails Esquire, and Mary his Wife, and the Will of the said Mary de Solis, in making a Partition of certain Estates late of the Right Honourable Susanna Viscountess Fane, situate in the Counties of Armagh, Limerick, and Tipperary, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland. Ibid.

ciii. An Act for vesting certain Trust Estates, Stocks, Funds, and Securities, of which John Beardsworth Esquire, and Thomas Williams Esquire, were Trustees, in James Palmer Hobbs Esquire and George Burley Gentleman. Ibid.

civ. An Act to enable John Skynner Esquire and Bigoe Charles Williams Gentleman, on Belialf of John Perry and James Perry Infants, who are entitled to undivided Shares in certain of Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate within the Manor of Tottenham otherwise Tottenhall, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, late the Estate of Catharine Hrhitehead deceased, to concur with the Owners of the several other undivided Shares of the same of Hereditaments in making a Partition and Division thereof; and to enable the said John Skynner and Bigoe Charles Williams to fell or mortgage a competent Part of the Shares of the said Infants therein, and to apply the

Money arising thereby, under the Direction of the Court of

Chancer)', for the Maintenance and Advancement of the said Infants, to make such Surrenders of their Shares as may be necessary. 643

cv. An Act for veiling Part of the Estates devised by the Will of John Paul Esquire, situate in the County of Wilts, in John Paul Paul Esquire, in Fee Simple, discharged from the Uses and Trusts of the said Will, in Exchange for an Estate in the County of Glouccjlet, and for vesting the Residue of the said devised Estates, in the County of Wilts, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies to arise by such Sale under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. Ibid.

cvi. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Town-flifps or Hamlets of Sewcrby and Marton, and within the Manor of Sewcrby cum Marton, in the Parish of Bridlington, in the East Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

cvii. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, Carr, Common and Waste Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of Flixton otherwise Flceceton, in the Parish of Folkton, in the East Riding of the County of 1'ork. Ibid.

cviii. An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for dividing, and allotting, a certain Fen, called Wildmore Fen, in the County of Lincoln; and for dividing, allotting in severalty, and inclosing, the parochial or general Allotments set out, or to be set out, in pursuance of the said Act, for compensating for the Tythes of such Allotments, and for declaring and determining to what Parish or Parishes the several Allotments of the said Fen shall belong. Ibid.

cix. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Shitl* ington and Hoi well, in the County of Bedford. 644

cx. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Township of Wirksworth, in the County of Derby; for protesting certain Springs situate on the said Commons and Waste Lands; and for the better securing a Supply of Water for the Use of the Inhabitants of the Town of Wirksworth, in the said County. Ibid.

cxi. An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of the sixteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and of the seventh and thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the River It chin, in the County of Southampton. 645

cxii. An Act for building and maintaining a Harbour and Pier at the Town and in the Parish of Thurso, in the County of Caithness. Ibid.

cxiii. An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the thirty- ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rendering more commodious and for better regulating the Port of London, so far as the same relates to the Concerns of the West India Dock Company thereby established, and for extending to other Objects the Compensations directecJ to be made by the said Act. Ibid.

cxiv. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Boat Pool of Dairy in the Glenkenns to the Port and Town of Kirkcudbright, in the Stewartry of Kirkcud-bright. 651

cxv. An Act for making and maintaining certain Railways to

communicate with the Monmouthshire Canal Navigation,

and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of that Navigation

("Private, } 42 GEO. III. xxxiii

ration to ralfe a further Sum of Money to complete their Undertaking; and for explaining and amending the Acts, passed in the thirty-second and thirty-seventh Years of his present Majesty's Reign, relating thereto. 652

cxvi. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual draining the Lands lying in the Level of Ancholme, in the County of 1 Lincoln, and making the River Ancholme navigable from the j River Humber, at or near a Place called Ferraby Sluice, in; the County of Lincoln, to the Town &/lGlamford Briggs, and for continuing the said Navigation up or near to the said River from thence to Billiop Briggs, in the said County of Lincoln. 653

cxvii. An Act for the more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at Buckton Burn, in the County of Durham, through Berwick-upon-Tweed, to Lammerton Hill, and also several other Roads therein mentioned, lying in the said County, and within the Liberties of the said Town of Berwick; and also for erecting two Bridges over the River Tweed, and for making two Roads from the said Bridges to the Road leading from Berwick aforesaid to Cornhill, 'in the said County of Durham. Ibid.

cxviii. An Act for vesting divers Freehold and Leasehold Messuages. Pieces or Parcels of Ground, and Hereditaments, finite in several Parities in the County of Middlesex, heretofore the Estates of Thomas Taylor Esquire, the Father, and Thomas Taylor Esquire, the Son, both deceased, and several Leasehold Messuages in the same County, heretofore the Estate of Sarah Otway Widow, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, under the Dtfeftion of the High Court of Chancery, and for applying the Purchase Money according to the Directions of the said Court, such Directions to be given upon Application in a summary Way. Ibid.

---

cxix. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Commons and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Coningsby otherwise Conesby, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 42 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of East Tuddenham in the County of Norfolk.

2. An Act for enabling the Honourable Barbara Cockayne Medlycott to take and use the Surname and Arms of Medlycott, pursuant to the Will of her Grandfather, Thomas Medlycott Esquire, deceased.

3. An Act for naturalizing John Henry Bluhm.

4. An Act for naturalizing John Bertrand de Boubee de Brou-quens.

5. An Act for naturalizing Sebastian Fridag.

6. An Act for naturalizing Herman Gerhard Hilbers.

7. An Act for naturalizing Pierre Joseph Amand Lelievre.

8. An Act for naturalizing Isaac Aldebert and Charles Christian Btcher.

9. An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Schroder.

10. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Warren, Commons, and Waile Grounds, within the Parish of Haynoford in the County of Norfolk.

11. An Act for naturalizing John Aime Delord.

12. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waile Lands, within the Parish of Snealon in the North Riding of the County of York.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waile Lands within the Manor and Parish of Handsworth in the West Riding of the County of York.

14. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Commons, Doles, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Filby in the County of Norfolk.

15. An Act for dividing, exchanging, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Lands and Fields within the Parish of Pitney otherwise Pitney Lottie, in the County of Somerset.

16. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parishbs of Fining-ham and Giflingham in the County of Suffolk.

17. An Act for naturalizing Johann Henrich Albers.

18. An Act for naturalizing Albert Wittenberg.

19. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and all other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Hamlet or Liberty of Buckland, in the Parish of Buck-land in the County of Berks.

20. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Fen Grounds, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waile Grounds, lying in the Parish of Horningfea in the County of Cambridge.

21. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures. Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Wooburn in the County of Buckingham.

22. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common or Waile Ground, called Mortimer Common, and other Commonable and Waile Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Stratfield Mortimer in the Counties of Berks and Hants.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Lands, within and

belonging to the Hamlet and Tything of Broughton otherwise Drakes Broughton, in the Parish of Holy Croft, in Perjhore in the County of Worcester.

24. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moors, Commons, and Waile Grounds, in the Manors of Trodder-main, Walton Wood, AJkerton, and Lanercojl, all in the Parish of Lantrcojl in the County of Cumberland.

25. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Hamlets or Tythinge of West Aston otherwise West Faston, and Middleton, in the Parish of Long Parish in the County of Southampton.

26. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Pallurcs, Commons, and Commonable Grounds, within the Parish of Cropwell Bishop otherwise Great Crop-

' well in the County of Nottingham.

27. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Fields, Lammas and Commonable Meadows, Heaths, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Pakenham in the County of Suffolk.

28. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Half Year or Shack Landa, Lammas Meadows, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Ellingham, Broome, Kirby Cane, and G chief one, in the County of Norfolk.

29. An Act for-dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, witliiii/the Parish of Saws jn in the County of Cambridge.

30. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields', and other Commonable and Waite

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

Lands, within the Parish of Baldwin Bright well in the County of Oxford.

31. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several and respective Manors and Townships of Silkjlone, Hoyland Swainc, and Cawthorne, in the Parish of Silkstone in the West Riding of the County of York.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece or Parcel of Common Pasture Land, called Sotherton Moor, in the Parish of Sotherton in the County of Suffolk.

33. An Act for naturalizing Henrlch Katie.

34. An Act to enable John Duke of Argyll, to exchange certain Lands, Parts of his entailed Estate in the Shire of Argyll, for certain other Lands belonging to him in Fee Simple, lying in the Shires of Argyll arid Clackmannan.

35. An Act for altering, amending, and rendering mot* effec-3* tual, an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pafures, and IVafle Lands, within the Parishes of Kempsford and Dryffield in the County of Gloucester; and for enlarging and extending the Powers of the Commissioners in the said Act named.

36. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ahlotts Morton in the County of Worfrjler.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Hargrave in the County of Northampton.

38. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish, Township, or Hamlets, of Weston by Welland and Sutton Baffett, in the County of Northampton.

39. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Tract of Common or Waste Land, called Oakfey Common, situate within, or belonging to, the Manor of Oakfey in the County of Wilts.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the whole Year or-every Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Heaths, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Barton in the County of Suffolk.

41. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Common Down, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township or Hamlet, of Up-Lambourne, in the Parish of Chipping Lamlourne in the County of Berks.

42. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Arable Lands, and for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Harwell in the County of Berks.

43. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Christchurch and Parish or Chapelry of Holdenhurst, in the County of Southampton.

44. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Field, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, in the Township or Hamlet of Evertpn, within the Parish of Everton cum Tetworth, in the Counties of Bedford, Huntingdon, and Cambridge, some or one of them, and for extinguishing all the Tythes arising within the Township or Jiamlet of Everton aforesaid.

45. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Division or Hamlets of Cleckheaton and Scholes, in the Manor and Township of Cleckheaton, in the Parish of Birflall in the West Riding of the County of York.

46. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lanas lying within the Manor or Manors of Nuneaton and Stocking ford, in the Parish of Nuneaton in the County of Warwick, and also a certain Stinted Pasture in Nuneaton aforesaid, called The Cottiers otherwise Cottagers Piece.

47. An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Chutch of Merthyr Tydvil, in the County of Glamorgan, for the Time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said Rectory.

48. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Arable Field, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish and Manor of IVfl Horsley in the County of Surrey.

49. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadow, Common Down, and other Open and Common Lands and Waste Ground, within the Manor of Manning ford otherwise Manning ford Bobun, in the Parish of Wilsford in the County of Wilts.

50. An Act for naturalizing James Lewis Du Mont.

51. An Act for confirming a Feu Contract made between Oliver Colt Esquire, as Tutor of Law to John Hamilton Colt his Nephew, an Infant, and David Mujhet, of certain Parts of the Lands of Eastern and Westm Garturk, situate in the County of Lanark m North Britain.

52. An Act for confirming the Sale and Conveyance to John Feilden Esquire, of certain Estates in the County of Chester, devised by the Will of Thomas Hunt Esquire, deceased, and for substituting and settling in lieu thereof certain Estates of Anna Maria Hunt, in the County of Cornwall; and for veiling the Purchase Money for the said Estates in the County of Chester in the said Anna Maria Hunt, in Consideration of such Substitution and Settlement of the said Estates in the County of Cornwall.

53. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of WiUtam Parker Hamond esquire, in the County of Cambridge, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money ariliqg by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments to be settled in lieu thereof to the like Uses.

54. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Richard Chapman Gentleman, and Ann his Wife, in the County of Somerset, in Trustees, to be exchanged for an unsettled Estate in the same County.

55. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Fenflanton in the County of Huntingdon.

56. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Corp-mons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Rollejton >n the County of Stafford.

57. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hal-vergale in the Co\mty of Norfolk.

58. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Whatcotc in the County of Warwick.

59. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Oldham, in the Parish of Prestwich cum Oldham in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

60. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

(Private, J 42 GEO. III.

and Common Fields, Meadows, Warren, and Waste Lands, within the Hamlet of Sahley and Wajbwood, in the Parish of Affon, near Birmingham) in the County of Warwick.

61. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commons, Wade, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties and Pre-cindls of Swcrford, in the Parish of Swerford in the County of Oxford.

62. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons, Waste Grounds, and Open Common Lands, within the Lordship or Liberty of Swinfcoe, in the Parish of Bloor in the County of Stafford.

63. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, Marsh Grounds, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Denton in the County of Huntingdon.

64. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Commonable Lands within the Panihcs of Bir-bury and Marton in the County of Warwick.

65. An Act for dividing and allotting the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Cardington in the County of Bedford.

66. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pallures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Ellerton, in the Parish of EUcrton in the East Riding of the County of Xerh.

67. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Ran/kill, in the Parish of Blyth, and the Township and Parish of Scrooby in the County of Nottingham.

68. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Worthington and Brcedon-on-the-Hill, and Township of Newbold, all in the Parish of Brefdon-on, the-HiU in the County of Lac ester.

69. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common or Waste Ground, called Sinfin Moor, and certain Common Meadows thereto adjoining, all in the County of Derby.

70. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Waste Grounds, Open Fields, and Meadows, and Commonable and intermixed Lands within that Part of the Parish of Churcham which lies within the Manor of Churcham in the County of Gloucrfier.

71. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands in the Parish of Hinxworlh in the County of Hertford, and for extinguishing all the Tythes arising^within the said Parish.

72. An Act for naturalizing James Emanuel Francis Doxat.

73. An Act for naturalizing John Benjamin Jain.

74. An Act for vesting the £ Hates late of Frederick James Scrape Esquire, deceased, in the County of Lincoln, and devised by his Will in Trustees to be sold, and for applying Part of the Monies arising from the Sale thereof in Dit-charge of Incumbrances, and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

75. An Act for vesting the Lands and Estates of SaltcoatS) King ston, jViliiamfton, Barncluth, Udflon, Birdsfield, Bellsffeld, and Syde, and Superiority thereof, and Lands of Dechmont, and others, Teinds and Pertinents thereof, comprized in the Deed of Entail executed by the deceased Alexander Hamilton of Pencmtland\ Esquire, upon the thirty-first Day of January One thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, in Trustees, in Trull to sell the same, and invest the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be

settled and secured to the same Series of Heirs, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the aforesaid Deed of EntaiL

76. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, that Part of Effingham Upper Common which lies in the Manor of Effingham East Court, in the Parish of Effingham, in the County of Surrey.

77. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Tharston in the County of Norfolk.

78. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and all other the Open and Uuinclosed Lands and Grounds within the Townships of Styrruf, Oldcoats, and Farworth, and so much of Norney as is within the Liberty

' of Styrrup aforesaid, in the Parishes of $lyth and Harwortb9 or oue of them# in the County of Nottingham.

79. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Daveniry in the County of Northampton.

80. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Graveley in the County of Cambridge.

81. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste Grounds, Downs, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Spelfbury in the County of Oxford.

82. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Open and Common Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Ground, within the Manor and Parish of Up-haven in the County of Wilts.

83. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonablo Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Moulfoe in the County of Buckingham.

84. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, certain Open Commonable Fields, Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Coombc Byfet otherwise Biffet, in the County of Wilts.

85. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, certain Open Commonable Fields, Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of West Grinstead and White Parish in the County of Wilts.

86. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, within the Towmship of Withemwick) in the Parish of Wiihernwich in the East Riding of the County of York.

87. An Act for naturalizing Alexandre de Vandcs, commonly called Compte de Vandcs.

88. An Act for authorizing Leases to be made of such of the settled Estates of the lateMoft Honourable Arthur Marquis of Down/bire, deceased, as are situate in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

89. An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Right Honourable Heneage Earl of Aylesford and the Dean and Chapter of Worcester.

90. An Act for enabling the Right Honourable Henry Lord Mulgrave to charge his settled Estates with a Jointure, in Consideration of the Improvements made by him, and also for enabling him to charge the same Estates with Portions for younger Children when he shall have made further Improvements, and for other Purposes.

91. An Act for vesting in Oliver Delaney Esquire, Barrack Matter General, a Wharf and certain other Hereditaments

The TITLES of the STATUTE?.

near Maidstone in the County of Kent, late the Estates of Ann Maynard and Mary Maynard\ both deceased.

92. An Act to enable Sir Charles Morgan Baronet and Charles Morgan Esquire, to grant Leases of certain Estate3 in the C unity of Monmouth, devised by the Will of the late John Morgan Esquire; and to enable the said Charles Morgan, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, to charge the Estates of which he is Tenant for Life in Possession under the said Will, with the Amount of the Monies laid out by him in building Wharfs, and in other Improvements.

93. An Act to establish and confirm an Exchange made by and between the Honourable Ann Fairfax, Lady of the Manor of Gilling East, in the County of York, Spinster (since deceased), and the Rector of the Parish Church of Gilling East aforesaid, with the Consent and Approbation of his Grace the Archbishop of Tort, of certain Tythes, Cattlegates, Customary Payments, and other Rights belonging to the said Rector, in Right of the said Church, for certain Parcels of Demesne Lands which belonged to the said Ann Fairfax, as Lady of the said Manor.

94. An Act for vesting the Manor of Northill, and several Messuages and Hereditaments in the Parish of Northill, in the County of Bedford, Part of the settled Estates of John Robinson Esquire, m Trustees, upon Trust to fell, and for laying out the Monies in the Purchase of more convenient Estates in the County of Suffolk.

95. An Act for enabling the Guardian of Efizabeth Henrietta Philips Spinster, an Infant, to sell and convey in Fee Farm her undivided fourth Part, or join with the Owners of the other Shares in felling and conveying in Fee Farm the In-tirety of several Plots or Parcels of Land in Manchester in the County of Lancaster, under yearly reserved Rents, for the Purpose of building upon.

96. An Act for enabling the Trustees therein named to lay'out the Money arising from the Sale of a Moiety of certain

Estates in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, which was settled on the Marriage of Robert Dundas Esquire, and Ann his Wife, in the Purchase of Hereditaments situate in Scotland, in the Manner and upon the Trulls in the said Act mentioned.

97. An Act for effecting the Sale or Exchange of Estates in the County of Norfolk, late of John Earl of Buckinghamshire, deceased, and for laying out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, and for felling Timber on the settled Estates late of the said Earl in the same County, &ndjaying out the Monies thence arising in planting certain Parts thereof.

9ft. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Half Year Meadow Land, Common Pastures, Heath, and Waste Lands, in the Townships of Kelly, Aijby, and Ofeby, and in the Parish of Haydor, in the County of Lincoln.

99. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, ana other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Manor and Hamlet of West Challow, in the Parish of Letcombe Regis in the County of Berks,

100. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the tarishes or Townships of Ahaston and Boulton in the County of Derby.

101. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fen, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Thurlby in the County of lAncoln.

102. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arabic Fields, Meadow and Pallure Grounds, within the (Townsh: p and Parish of Kcyingham in Holder rtfs, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making Compensation for the Tythes thereof, and also for the Tythes of certain ancient inclosed Lands within the said Township and Parish.

103. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds within or belonging to the Parish of Chellaston in the County of Derby.

104. An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Kensington. in the Parishes of Sunningwell and Radley in the County of Berks,

105. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pasturea, Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, and all other Open and Uninclosed Grounds, within the Lordship and Parish of Walkeringham in the County of Nottingham,

106. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, sundry Tracts or Parcels of Whole Year Land, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Warren, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Gooderstone in the County of Norfolk,

107. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common or Waste situate in the Manor of Newton in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

108. An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lards and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Giles, in the Town of Cambridge in the County of Cambridge,

109. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Donington otherwise Dinton in the County of Buckingham,

110. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Fields, and Common Meadows, in the Parish of Bodcnham in the County of Hereford,

111. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open Common Fields, Ing Lands, Carr Lands, Wastes, and Commonable Places, within the Township of Folkton, and within the respective Hamlets or Districts of East F/ot-manby and West Flat manly, in the Parish of Folkton in the East Riding of the County of York.

112. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hannington in the County of Northampton.

113. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of VJkeibion, in the Parish of Llanynys in the County of Denbigh.

114. An Act for naturalizing Gabriel Dennis Ferry.

115. An Act for naturalizing John Abraham Droop.

116. An Act for naturalizing John Meybohm.

117. An Act for authorizing the leafing of Mines within the Lands belonging to the perpetual Curacy of Biljloi\ in the County of Stafford, and for authorizing Exchanges to be made of Part of the said Lands under the Direction of the Court of Chancery.

118. An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Lands, Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Crofton Green, within the Township of Crofton in the West Riding of the County of York.

119. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Bonham Esquire, with Paulina Lushington his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

120. An Act for enabling the Reverend William Loggin to take and use the Surname and Arms of Cole, pursuant to the Will of his Uncle Edward Cole Esquire, deceased.

A

TABLE

Containing THE TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the FIRST Session of the SECOND Parliament

OF THE

United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland:

43 GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

1. AN Act for further suspending, until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Operation of two Acts, made in the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England. Page 657

2. An Act for the more speedy and effectual Enrolment of the Militia of Ireland; and for filling up Vacancies therein. Ibid.

3. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and three. 659

4. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and three. Ibid.

5. An Act for raising the Sum of five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, or the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three. Ibid.

6. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes, until the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and three; to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and three, to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and three. 660

7. An Act to amend an Act made in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to provide for the more speedy Payment of all Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills that shall be issued in future. Ibid.

8. An Act for reviving and continuing for five Years from the passing thereof, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, certain Acts, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for regulating the Baking Trade in the City and County of Dublin; and for indemnifying all Persons who have acted in pursuance of any of the Provisions of the said Acts, or any of them. Ibid.

9. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act made in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of Ireland, until the twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three; and for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied, relative to the Pay of Serjeants, Coporals, and Drummers. 661

10. An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia, as relates to the Exemption of licenced Teachers of any separate Congregation from serving in the Militia. Ibid.

11. An Act for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof, until the fifteenth Day of January One, thousand eight hundred and four. Ibid.

12. An Act to continue, until the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, several Laws relating to the prohibiting the Exportation and permitting the Importation of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty; to the Relief of Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom; and to the regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from the Isle of Malta. 662

13. An Act to continue, until the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, so much of an Act, made in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions; and for permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without Payment of Duty. 663

14. An Act for continuing, until the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, an Act, made in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating, until the fifteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and three, the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and for permitting, from and after the passing thereof, until the said first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland. Ibid.

15. An Act to facilitate, and render more easy the Transportation of Offenders. 664

16. An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities, Frauds, or Abuses which are or have been practised by Persons employed in the several Naval Departments therein mentioned, and in the Business of Prize Agency; and to report such Observations as shall occur to them for preventing such Irregularities, Frauds, and Abuses; and for the better, conducting and managing the Business of the said Departments, and of Prize Agency, in future. Ibid.

17. An Act for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for allowing, until the fifteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, other Drawbacks and Bounties instead thereof. 666

18. An Act to amend and continue, until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Restrictions contained in several Acts of the thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, on Payments of Cash by the Bank. Ibid.

19. An Act to authorize the training and exercising the Militia of Great Britain for twenty-eight Days. 667

20. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. Ibid.

21. An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland. 673

22. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Licences to Persons selling Hats, and on Hats sold by Retail, in Ireland. 700

23. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Certificates with respect to the killing of Game in Ireland. 706

24. An Act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, several Acts for granting and continuing Duties to his Majesty in Ireland. 709

25. An Act for better securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for any Place in Ireland, by disabling certain Officers employed in the Collection or Management of his Majesty's Revenues in Ireland from giving their Votes at such Elections. Ibid.

26. An Act for enabling his Majesty to settle an Annuity on his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, to continue until the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six; and for repealing so much of an Act made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty, as directs the annual Payment of thirteen thousand rounds out of the Revenues of the Dutchy of Cornwall to the Commissioners appointed by the said Act. 710

27. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. 711

28. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Letters and Packets lent by the Post within Ireland. 713

29. An Act to revive and continue, until the first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland; to continue several Laws relating to the preventing the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and for preventing Frauds relating to the Customs, to the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the suspending certain countervailing Duties granted by an Act for carrying into Execution the Treaty with America, to the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four; to the allowing the Use of Salt, Duty-free, in the preserving of Fish, in Bulk, or in Barrels, and to the discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported, to the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four; to the Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, to the improving the Revenue thereof, and the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island, to the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, to the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec, in America, to the twenty-fourth: Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo, to the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of infection thereby, to the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, to the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the Duties on Spirits made in Scotland, and imported into England, to the first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America, to the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. 717

30. An Act to entitle Roman Catholicks taking and subscribing the Declaration and Oath contained in the Act of the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to relive, upon Conditions and under Restrictions, the Persons therein described from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Religion, are by Law subject, to the Benefits given by an Act of the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for relieving his Majesty's Subjects professing the Popish Religion, from certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed on them by an Act, made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further preventing the Growth of Popery. 718

31. An Act for establishing certain Regulations in the Office of Surveyor General of his Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chases. 719

32. An Act for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery, to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports for the present Season. 720

33. An Act to repeal certain Parts of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more speedy and effectual Enrolment of the Militia of Ireland; and for filling up Vacancies therein, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof. Ibid.

34. An Act to continue, until the eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, an Act made in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue, until the eighth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for staying Proceedings in Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, for abridging Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of Livings, and of taking of Ferms; and also to stay Proceedings in Actions under the Act of the thirteenth Year of Queen Elizabeth, touching Leases of Benefices, and ether Ecclesiastical Livings, with Cure. 722

35. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments in Trustees, for further promoting the Service of his Majesty's Ordnance at Woolwich. Ibid.

36. An Act for raising the Sum of four Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and three. 723

37. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Rear Admiral Sir James Saumarez Baronet, and Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, in Consideration of his eminent Services which he has performed on various Occasions. 724

38. An Act to provide, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, for the more speedy and effectual Completion of the Establishment of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain; and for facilitating the filling up Vacancies therein. Ibid.

39. An Act for appointing Commissioners for distributing the Money stipulated to be paid by the United States of America, under the Convention made between his Majesty and the said United States, among the Persons having Claims to Compensation out of such Money. 725

40. An Act for enlarging the Period for the Payment of Part of certain Sums of Money advanced by way of Loan to several Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

41. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. Ibid.

42. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, so much of an Act made in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to certain Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported; for permitting British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; and for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported, as relates to repealing the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, and allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused. Ibid.

43. An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four, several Acts of Parliament for the better Collection and Security of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland; and for preventing Frauds therein. Ibid.

44. An Act to amend and continue (until three Months after any Restriction imposed by any Act of the present Session of Parliament on the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payments shall cease), an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland. 728

45. An Act for the more effectually preserving the Peace, and securing the Freedom of Election in the Town of Nottingham, and County of the said Town. Ibid.

46. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of frivolous and vexatious Arrests and Suits; and to authorize the levying of Poundage upon Executions in certain Cases. Ibid.

47. An Act for consolidating and amending the several Laws for providing Relief for the Families of Militia Men of England, when called out into actual Service. 730

48. An Act to enable the East India Company to defray the Expences of certain Volunteer Corps raised by the said Company. 734

49. An Act to amend so much of several Acts, passed in the sixth and seventh Year, and in the seventh and eighth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, as relates to the Exportation of Silver Bullion. 733

50. An Act for more speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, raised under two Acts, passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and for amending the said Acts. Ibid.

51. An Act to render more effectual an Act, passed in the forty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax. 739

52. An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in issuing or carrying into Execution certain Orders of Council for the Prevention of the Exportation of Gunpowder, Saltpetre, and Naval Stores, and the Permission of the Exportation of Seed Corn to Norway. 742

53. An Act to render the Process of his Majesty's Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in Personal Actions, in Ireland, more beneficial, and also to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the twenty-first and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time for Trials by Nisi Prius in the City and County of Dublin; and for making the Process of the Court of Exchequer more effectual, as relates to compelling the Appearance of Defendants in Personal Actions. Ibid.

54. An Act for making better Provision for the Parochial Schoolmasters, and for making further Regulations for the better Government of the Parish Schools in Scotland. 744.

55. An Act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm, during the present War; and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose. 747

56. An Act for regulating the Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to his Majesty's Plantations and Settlements abroad, or to foreign Parts, with respect to the Number of such Passengers. 751

57. An Act for the better protection of the Trade of the United Kingdom during the present Hostilities with France. 755

58. An Act for the further Prevention of malicious shooting, and attempting to discharge loaded Fire Arms, stabbing, Cutting, wounding, poisoning, and the malicious using of Means to procure the Miscarriage of Women; and also the malicious setting Fire to Buildings; and also for repealing a certain Act made in England in the twenty-third Year of the late King James the First, intituled, An Act to prevent the destroying and murthering of Bastard Children; and also an Act made in Ireland in the sixth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, also intituled, An Act to prevent the destroying and murthering of Bastard Children; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof. 758

59. An Act for remedying certain Defects in the Laws relative to the building and repairing of County Bridges, and other Works maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties in England. 759

60. An Act for remedying certain Defects that have occurred in the issuing of certain Exchequer Bills. 761

61. An Act for the Relief of Soldiers, Sailors, and Marines, and of the Wives of Soldiers, in the Cases therein mentioned, so far as relates to England. Ibid.

62. An Act for transferring to the Royal Navy such Seamen as are now serving in the Militia of Great Britain. 762

63. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating the Manner in which the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall hire and take up Ships for their regular Service; to continue until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six. 764

64. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other trading Ships and Vessels, during the present Hostilities. 765

65. An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Lands and Hereditaments, at Charlton, in the County of Kent, for further promoting the Service of his Majesty's Ordnance. 766

66. An Act for vesting in Trustees, certain Lands and Hereditaments at Weedon Beck, in the County of Northampton, for erecting Buildings thereon for the Service of his Majesty's Ordnance. Ibid.

67. An Act for raising the Sum of twelve Millions by way of Annuities. Ibid.

68. An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof. Ibid.

69. An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof. 846

70. An Act for granting to his Majesty, during the present War, and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain. 865

71. An Act for augmenting the Number of Field Officers and other Officers of Militia within Great Britain. 869

72. An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied. 870

73. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the twenty fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting Stamp Duties on certain Medicine: and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof; and for making effectual Provision for the better Collection of the said Duties. 872

74. An Act for further regulating the Administration of the Oath or Affirmation required to be taken by Electors of Members to serve in Parliament, by an Act, passed in the second Year of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament. 877

75. An Act to authorize the Sale or Mortgage of the Estates of Persons found lunatick by Inquisition, in England or Ireland respectively; and the granting of Leases of the same. Ibid.

76. An Act for transferring to the Royal Navy such Seamen as are now serving in the Militia of Ireland. 879

77. An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify thomselves for Offices or Employments in Ireland, according to Law. Ibid.

78. An Act for continuing, until the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four, an Act passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating, until the fifteenth day of February One thousand eight hundred and three, the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and also an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, for continuing the said Act, and for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland. Ibid.

79. An Act for making more effectual Provision within Ireland for the Punishment of Offences, in wilfully cading away, sinking, burning, or destroying Ships and Vessels; and for the more convenient Trial of Accessaries in Felonies. Ibid.

80. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, to be issued and applied towards making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland; and for enabling the Proprietors of Land in Scotland, to charge their Estates with a Proportion of the Expence of making and keeping in Repair Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland. 881

81. An Act for granting to his Majesty, until twelve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain. 882

82. An Act to enable his Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble in England, an additional Military Force, for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War. 888

83. An Act to enable his Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble an additional Military Force in Scotland, for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War. 896

84. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms; and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in England. 900

85. An Act to enable his Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble, in Ireland, an additional Military force for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War. 910

86. An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen Artificers, Journeymen, and Labourers in Ireland; and for other Purposes relating thereto. 918

87. An Act to continue, during the Restriction on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland, and to amend an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to restrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum; and also an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to continue and amend the said Act. 922

88. An Act for defraying, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia dull not be embodied; and for making Allow, ances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace. 923

89. An Act for providing Relief for the Families of Militia Men in Scotland, when called out into actual Service. 929

90. An Act for enlarging the Limits of the Southern Whale Fishery. 932

91. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries. Ibid.

92. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on the Importation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize into, and on Goods, Wines, and Merchandize exported from Ireland, and also certain Duties of Excise on Spirits and Malt distilled and made in Ireland. 933

93. An Act for raising the Sum of five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three. 936

94. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three. 937

95. An Act to revive and further continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, and amend so much of an Act, made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament. 943

96. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the present War, and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose; and to enable his Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise his ancient and undoubted Prerogative, in requiring the Military Service of his liege Subjects in case of Invasion of the Realm. Ibid.

97. An Act to amend several Acts of Parliament for the better Collection and Security of his Majesty's Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein; and to make further Regulations relating thereto. 957

98. An Act to amend the Acts, now in Force, for securing the Collection of the Revenue upon Malt, and for regulating the Trade of a Distiller in Ireland 962

99. An Act for consolidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the same. 966

100. An Act to render more effectual two Acts, made in this present Session of Parliament, for the more speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, and for raising an additional Military Force for the better Defence of the United Kingdom. 980

101. An Act for raising in the City of London, a certain Number of Men as an Addition to the Military Force of Great Britain, for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War. Ibid.

102. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of making an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Western Sea, by Inverness and Fort William, and for taking the necessary Steps towards executing the same. 984

103. An Act to permit Portaged Wine to be landed and warehoused in the United Kingdom without Payment of Duties, under certain Restrictions, for a limited Time. 986

104. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Period for the Payment of Part of certain Sums of Money advanced by Way of Loan to several Persons connected with and trading to the islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent. 987

105. An Act to permit the Exportation, for two Years, of a certain Quantity of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Pulse, to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, from other Ports in England as well as the Port of Southampton, under certain Restrictions. Ibid.

106. An Act to enable the Commissioners of First Fruits in Ireland to lend certain Sums of Money (Interest free), to Incumbents of Benefices there, for the Purpose of enabling them to erect or purchase Glebe Houses and Offices convenient for their Residence; and to purchase Glebe Lands fit and convenient for the Erection of such Houses and Offices; and to make Provision for the Repayment of all Loans so to be made by the said Commissioners. 988

107. An Act for effectuating certain Parts of an Act, passed in the second and third Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the making more effectual her Majesty's gracious Intentions for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, by enabling her Majesty to grant, in Perpetuity, the Revenues of the First Fruits and Tenths; and also for enabling any other Persons to make Grants for the same Purpose, so for as the same relate to Deeds and Wills made for granting and bequeathing Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, and Chattels, to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned: and for enlarging the Powers of the said Governors. 990

108. An Act to promote the building, repairing, or otherwise providing of Churches and Chapels, and of Houses for the Residence of Ministers, and the providing of Church Yards and Glebes. 991

109. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons bolding of Farms; and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in England; and to remove a Doubt respecting the Title of the Statute of the twenty-first Year of King Henry the Eighth therein mentioned. 992

110. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, so far as relates to the Payment of the Debts incurred for building any Poor House. 993

111. An Act for enabling Friendly Societies, intended to be established under an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to rectify Mistakes made in the Registry of their Rules. Ibid.

112. An Act for the better Preservation of Heath Fowl, commonly called Black Game, in the New Forest, in the County of Southampton. 994

113. An Act for the more effectually providing for the Punishment of Offences in wilfully casting away, burning, or destroying Ships and Vessels; and for the more convenient Trial of Accessaries in Felonies; and for extending the Powers of an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, as far as relates to Murders, to Accessaries to Murders, and to Manslaughters. 994

114. An Act for raising the Sum of one Million Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three. 996

115. An Act to explain and amend two Acts, made in the second, and thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for preventing the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum Boats, and other Boats upon the River Thames, and for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations thereon, so far as relates to the Seizure of Exciseable Commodities. 997

116. An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against his Majesty's Person and Government, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament. 998

117. An Act for the Suppression of Rebellion in Ireland, and for the Protection of the Persons and Property of his Majesty's faithful Subjects there, to continue in Force until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament. 999

118. An Act to render more effectual an Act, passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, and for continuing the Encouragement of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto; and for discharging certain Debts incurred by the Commissioners of the Longitude in carrying the Acts relating thereto into Execution. 1000

119. An Act for improving the Funds of the Chest at Chatham, and for transferring the Administration of the same to Greenwich Hospital; and for ameliorating the Condition of the Pensioners on the said Funds. 1002

120. An Act to amend an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the present War, and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose and to enable his Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise his ancient and undoubted Prerogative in requiring the Military Service of his liege Subjects in case of Invasion of the Realm. 1006

121. An Act for authorizing the billetting of such Troops of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry as may be desirous of assembling for the Purpose of being trained together, in Great Britain and Ireland; and for subjecting to Military Discipline, during the War, such Serjeants serving in any Volunteer or Yeomanry Corps of Cavalry or Infantry as receive constant Pay, and all Trumpeters, Drummers, or Bugle Men serving therein, and receiving Pay at any daily or weekly Rate; and for the further regulating of such Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps. 1008

122. An Act for granting to his Majesty, until the sixth Day of May next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices. 1012

123. An Act for exempting Persons serving, or who have found Substitutes to serve, in the additional Military Force, raised under an Act of this Session of Parliament, from being ballotted to serve in the Militia of England. 1068

124. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, for raising an additional Military Force in Scotland; and for exempting Persons serving therein, either personally or by Substitute, from being ballotted to serve in the Militia of Scotland. 1068

125. An Act to empower his Majesty's Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the City of London to carry into Execution, within the said City, an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the present War, and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose; and to enable his Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise his ancient and undoubted Prerogative, in requiring the Military Service of his liege Subjects in case of Invasion of the Realm. Ibid.

126. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Receipts. 1069

127. An Act for consolidating the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain. 1070

128. An Act for the further Regulation of the Collection of the Duties of Customs in Great Britain, in certain Cases. 1072

129. An Act to amend so much of an Act made in this Session of Parliament, for granting additional Duties of Excise, as relates to the Exportation of Tea to Ireland; for regulating the granting of Permits for the Removal of Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts out of Warehouse, and for more effectually securing the Duties on Coffee. 1073

130. An Act for rectifying a Mistake in an Act of the last Session of Parliament for better collecting the Duties on Auctioneers. 1073

131. An Act for charging an additional Duty on Lignum Quaffia imported into Great Britain. Ibid.

132. An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain, to be secured in Warehouse without Payment of Duty. 1076

133. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, an Act, made in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for enabling his Majesty to permit the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into the Port of Tortola; and to continue, until the fourteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amend so much of an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets into Great Britain. 1085

134. An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in Great Britain, during Hostilities. Ibid.

135. An Act for the removing of Doubts respecting the Validity of Assignments made or to be made pursuant to the Awards of the Commissioners acting under the seventh Article of the Treaty with the United States of America; and for the better Enabling of his Majesty to recover the Interests so assigned. 1088

136. An Act to suspend, until the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four, Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the same relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture. Ibid.

137. An Act to enable the Court of Directors of the East India Company to make reasonable Allowances to the Owners of certain Ships, in the Service of the said Company, on account of the extraordinary Expence attending the Outfit of the said Ships, between certain Periods. 1088

138. An Act for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts of Justice in the Provinces of Lower and Upper Canada, to the Trial and Punishment of Persons guilty of Crimes and Offences within certain Parts of North America adjoining to the said Provinces. Ibid.

139. An Act for preventing the forging and counterfeiting of foreign Bills of Exchange, and of foreign Promissory Notes and Orders for the Payment of Money; and for preventing the counterfeiting of foreign Copper Money. 1090

140. An Act to enable the Judges of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster to award Writs of Habeas Corpus for bringing Persons detained in Gaol before Courts Martial, and the several Commissioners therein mentioned. 1092

141. An Act to render Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Duty. Ibid.

142. An Act to make Provision, in certain Cases, for the Wives and Families of ballotted Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, Serving in the Militia of Ireland. 1093

143. An Act for the rendering Justices of the Peace, and Governors and Deputy Governors of Counties and Places in Ireland, more safe in the Execution of their Office; and for indemnifying Constables and others acting in Obedience to the Warrants of such Justices of the Peace, Governors, and Deputy Governors respectively. 1095

144. An Act for procuring Returns relative to the Expence and Maintenance of the Poor in England. Ibid.

145. An Act for more effectually securing certain Duties on Malt, and for preventing Frauds by Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg in Scotland. 1100

146. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of two Millions for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned. 1102

147. An Act for raising the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three. 1103

148. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain to issue Exchequer Bills on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three. Ibid.

149. An Act for enabling his Majesty to settle an Annuity of sixteen thousand Pounds on the House of Orange, during his Majesty's Pleasure. Ibid.

150. An Act for consolidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts, relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and for amending the said Acts, so far as the same relate to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. Ibid.

151. An Act for preventing and settling Disputes which may arise between Masters and Weavers engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in Scotland, and Persons employed by such Weavers and Persons engaged in ornamenting Cotton Goods by the Needle. 1112

152. An Act to amend so much of an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the further preventing his Majesty's Subjects from trading to the East Indies under foreign Commissions, and for encouraging and further securing the lawful Trade thereto; and for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, as relates to the said Pilots. 1117

153. An Act to permit, during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Vessels, from States in Amity with his Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize; and to empower his Majesty, by Order in Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Copper, and to permit the Importation, in neutral Vessels, from States not in Amity with his Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize. 1118

154. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain countervailing Duties on the Importation into Great Britain of refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Ireland; and for allowing additional Drawbacks or Bounties on the Exportation to Ireland of refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain, during the Continuance of certain Acts; and for allowing, until the first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and four, a Bounty on the Importation of Salmon and Cod Fish from the Island of Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador into Great Britain and Ireland. 1121

155. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein; and for establishing until three Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or residing therein, in certain Cases. 1122

156. An Act to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain, to contract for the Purchase of the Duties of Prisage and Butlerage of Wines. 1130

157. An Act to make perpetual so much of an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures. 1131

158. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of fifty thousand Pounds, for building Glebe Houses in Ireland. Ibid.

159. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on William Lord Amherst, and the Representatives of the late Jeffery Lord Amherst, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by him during his Command in America. 1122

160. An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning his Majesty's Navy; for regulating the Payment of Prize Money, and for making Provision for the Salaries of the Judges of the Vice Admiralty Courts in the Island of Malta and in the Bermuda and Bahama Islands. 1123

161. An Act for repealing the several Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain Cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages constructed by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the Management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also new Duties on Persons selling Carriages by Auction, or on Commission. 1149

162. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the respective Consolidated Funds of Great Britain and Ireland; for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and three; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 1483

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i. AN Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty, eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Spann Smithy in the County of Chester/o Talk in the County of Stafford. Page 1188

ii. An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining the Road leading from Thirsk to Tarm, in the County of York. Ibid.

iii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving the Road from the Town of Manchester, by a Place called The White Smithy, in the Township of Crumpfall, to the Town of Rochdale; and also the Road from thi said Place called The White Smithy, by a Place called Belles of the Bam, to the Town of Bury; and also the Road from the said Place called Befles of the mm, to Radcliffe Bridge; and also the Lane called Sheepfoot Lane, in the Township of Prestwich, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster 5 so far as the same relates to a certain District of Road therein described, called The Manchester Di/lrid. Ibid.

iv. An Act to continue and amend two Acts, severally passed in the first and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to and through the Towns or Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and Dorchester, and also the Road leading from the Parish of Warmwell to the Church in the Parish of Ofmington, all in the County of Dorset. Ibid.

v. An Act to continue and enlarge the Terms and Powers of three Acts, made in the sixteenth and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road from Borough-bridge, in the County of York, to Catherick, in the same County, and from thence to Piers-bridge, on the River Tees. Ibid.

vi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts, made in the first and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the Town of Stone, in the County of Stafford, to a certain Gate in the Borough of Stafford called Gaol Gate, and from a certain Gate on the South Side of the said Borough called Green Gate through the Towns of Durflon and Penkridge, to a Road called Street way, in the Road to Wolverhampton, in the said County of Stafford. 1189

vii. An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of two Acts made in the first and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road upon Gatherly Moor, in the County of York to Staindrop, in the County of Durham, and from the said Turnpike Road near Smallways, across the River Tees, to IVinfon, in the said County of Durham. Ibid.

viii. An Act for empowering the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal, to raise a further Sum of Money to enable them to complete the Works authorized to be executed in pursuance of the several Acts passed in the thirty-third, thirty-fourth, thirty-fifth, thirty-sixth, thirty-eighth, and forty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty; and for amending, altering, and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts. Ibid.

ix. An Act for rebuilding the Tower of the Parish Church of Saint Peter, in the Borough and Liberty of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford, together with the Chancel thereof; and for more effectually repairing the said Parish Church. 1189

x. An Act for paving, repairing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving Kensington Square, and Toung Street, and James Street communicating therewith, in the Parish of Saint Mary Abbotts, Kensington, in the County of Middlesex; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments therein. Ibid.

xi. An Act for amending, altering, and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for forming and keeping in Repair, the Streets, and other publick Passages end Places, within a certain Difirid in the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, called Haas Town, and for otherwise improving the same. Ibid.

xii. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of several Acts made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better supplying of the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds in the County of York with Coals. Ibid.

xiii. An Act for repairing, altering, widening, and improving the Road leading from the Maidstone Turnpike Gate, situate on the Loose Road near Sutton Lane, in the Parish of Maidfone, to The King's Head Inn in Sutton Valence, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

xiv. An Act for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the End of the Exete Turnpike Road, on the west Side of Lord Clifford's Park Gate to Biddaford, and also several Roads leading from Bridgetown, in the County of Devon; and for varying the Line of certain Parts of the said Roads, and also for extending the Provisions of the said Act to the Road leading from the Termination of one of the said Roads, at or near the Bottom of Water Lane, in the Parish of Totnes, to a Place called Lufcombe Cross, in the Parish of Harberten, in the said County of Devon. Ibid.

xv. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors for embanking Part of The Lairy near Plymouth, to make and maintain a Road from a certain Place called Efford Quay, in the Parish of Egg Buckland, in the County of Devon, to the Borough of Plymouth. Ibuk

xvi. An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of three Acts, made in the seventh, thirty-first, and thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counter'8 Bridge which lies in the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow, to the Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge in the Road to Colnbrook, and several other Roads in the said County, so far as relates to the old District of Road described in the first of the said Acts. 1190

xvii. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the thirty-first: Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making a new Road from Saint George's Gate in the City of Canterbury, to a Place called Gutteridge Bottom, and for repairing and widening the present Road from thence to

(Local and Personal, ) 43 GEO. III.

the Dow Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Barham, in the County of Kent; and for making further and better Provision for the several Purposes of the said AG. 1190

xviii. An Act for amending, widening, repairing, and improving the Road from or near to the Village of Glossop, in the County of Derby, to or near to Marple Bridge, in the said County; and for making several Branches of Roads to and from the same. Ibid.

xix. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road branching

out of the Turnpike Road from Edinburgh to Greenlaw, and patting through or near Thorny dike, Westruther, Hard-law, Bedjhiell or the Kaim, and Choicelee, to where it joins the Turnpike Road from Greenlaw to Dunfe, all in the County of Berwick. Ibid.

xx. An Act to provide a new Burial Ground, and erect a Chapel thereon, for the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

xxi. An Act for abolishing certain Dues called Petty Customs, Anchorage, and Groundage, and for improving the Port of the Town of Southampton; for making a convenient Dock for the Security of Ships; for extending the Quays and Wharfs, and making Docks and Piers in the Harbour there; and for ereGing Warehouses for the safe Custody of Goods and Merchandize; and for imposing certain Duties for the above Purposes. Ibid.

xxii. An Act for altering and amending the several Laws now in Force, for enabling The Royal Canal Company to complete Navigable Canal from Dublin to Tarmonbury on the River Shannon. Ibid.

xxiii. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and

keeping in Repair the Roads from the East End of the Town of Chard to the South End of West Moor, and from the West; End of the Teovil Turnpike Road through Ihmufter to Kenny Gate, and from the West End of Pease Meurjh Lane to Horton Elm, and from Saint Rane Hill to Ihninster, and from White Croft to Chillington Down, and from a Place called Three Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Old Way, and from The Croft* Keys to Catherine Wheel, in the Parish of Ashill, in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

xxiv. An Act for altering and enlarging th'e Powers of several Acts passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the tenth and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from Leeds to Wakefield, in the County of York. Ibid.

xxv. An Act to alter and amend an Act, made in the twenty-

sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making, widening, and repairing, publick Roads in the County of Dublin; and for repealing Parts oj several Alls, formerly made for that Purpose. 119 r j

xxvi. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two several Acts, passed in the first and twenty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Dyed Way to Somerton, and from Gawbridge to Tint in Lull Fords, and from a Stream of Water called Ford, to Cartgate, in Mariock, in the County of Somerset; and also for repairing I and widening the Roads from a Place called Hurst Bow in Mariock aforesaid, through a Common Meadow called j Petherton Broadmead, and thence through the Parishes of j South Petherton, Shepton, Beauchamp, and Barrington, to join j the Turnpike Road leading from Ilminster to Langport, and from South Petherton aforesaid, through Part of the several 1 Parishes of South Petherton and Lopen, to Whitecross, in the said Parish of Lopen; all in the said County of Somerset.

1193

xxvii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two AGs, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the twenty-first

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Modhury through the Town of Plympton, to the North End of Lincotta Lane, in the County of Devon. 1193

xxviii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Roads from Tamworth to Ashby-de-la-Zouch in the County of Leicester, and from Sawley Ferry, now Harrington Bridge, in the said County, to a Turnpike Gate at or near the End of Swarcliffe Lane, to Ashby-de-la-Zouch aforesaid. 1194

xxix. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Garrijlown, in the County of Dublin. Ibid.

xxx. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two several AGs, the one made and passed in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair the High Road leading from the Fourteenth Milestone, in the Parish of Mothvey in the County ©/Carmarthen, through Llandovery to LI) dad y G\vyn, i« the Parish ©/'Llandilovawr, and from thence by Cltdfulch and over Duless Bridge to the Town of Llandilovawr, and from the said Town along the Pqfi Road by Rhiwy radar, through the County of the Borough, of Carmarthen and Village of Saint Clears, to Tavemfpite

in the Parish of Kiffig, at the Borders of the County of Pembroke; the other made and passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing the Term and Powers of the said AG, and for repairing, amending, and keeping in Repair several other Roads within the said County; for discharging the Trustees from the Care and Management of certain Parts of the said Roads; and for making, amending, altering, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads within the said County. Ibid.

xxxi. An Act for making, amending, altering, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the North or North-West End of a certain Street called Lower Water Street, in the Town of Carmarthen, in the County of the Borough of Cmmiarthen, through the Village of Conwill Elvet, in the Parish of Conwill Elvet, and through the Village of Velindre S hint in in the Parish of Penboir, to the Town of Newcastle Emlyn in the Parish of Cenarth, and several other Roads in the County of Carmarthen. Ibid.

xxxii. An act to amend and render more efieGual an Act

made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, improving, and maintaining, the publick Conduits and other Waterworks belonging to the Town of Southampton. Ibid.

xxxiii. An Act for enabling the Most Noble John Duke of

Atholl and his Heirs to build a Bridge over the River Tay, at or near to the Town of Dun held in the County of Perth, and make Roads of Communication thereunto. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act for enlarging and altering the Powers of, and

rendering more effectual, several Acts of the twenty-fourth and twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty, and of the fourth, twenty-fourth, twenty-fifth, twenty-ninth, and thirty-eighth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Turnpike and other High Roads in the County of Edinburgh. Ibid.

xxxv. A11 AG for making and maintaining a Railway from or from near a Place called Pillake Meadow, in the Town of Croydon, to cr near to the Town of Riigate, in the County of Surrey, with a Collateral Branch from the said Railway, at or near a Place called Merjtham, in the Parish of Merjlham, to or near to a Place called Godstone Green,

h 2 i*

xlvi The TITLES of the STATUTES,

in the Parish of Godstone, all in the said. County of I Surrey. 1195

xxxvi. An Act for enlarging the Tefm and Powers of two Acts passed in the fourteenth and thirty-second Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for more effectually making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow to Toker Bridge, and the Road of Communication between the same and the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde. Ibid.

xxxrii. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and improving the Borough of Kingss Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for holding the Saturday and Bead Markets within more convenient Parts of the said Borough. Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act for amending, widening, improving, and

keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Port of Porthatnllaen, in the County of Caernarvon to or near a Place called Caen ant, in the County of Merioneth, and from Tan-y-Graig, in the Parish of Bodvean, to the Town of Pwllheli, and from thence to the Village of Llanyftymdwy, and from a Place called Cerrig-y-Rhwydwr, to or near to Cajxl Cerrig, in the said County of Caernarvon; and for building a Bridge across the River Aberglaflyn in the said Counties. Ibid.

xxxix. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge

the Powers of two Acts, passed in the second and twenty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending the Road from the South End of Sparrow's Heme, on Bushey Heath, in the County of Hertford, to the Road at Walton, in the County of Buckingham. Ibid.

xl. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Charles Earl of Shrewsbury, in the Counties of Salop, Chester, Berks, Wilts, and Oxford, in Trustee8 to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, and subject to the same Restrictions. Ibid.

xli. An Act for enabling the High Court of Chancery to authorize and empower the surviving Devisee in Trust, named in the Will of Thomas Batty, heretofore of the Parish of Saint George in the East, in the County of Middlesex. Gentleman, deceased, to grant building Leases of certain Ground at or near Church Lane, in the Parish of Saint George in the East, in the County of Middlesex, devised to him by the same Will, and to fell and pull down an ancient Messuage, (landing on Part of the said Ground, and to apply the Monies to arise by such Sale upon the Trusts of the said Will. Ibid.

xlii. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, logs, Meadows, Stinted Pastures, Moors, Commons, Wastes, and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds within the Township of Stowe, and the Hamlets of Sturton and Branjby in the Parish of Stowe, in the County of Lincoln. 1196

xliii. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Norton, in the Parishes of Norton and Dronfield, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

xliv. An Act for amending an Act, passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Oldham, in the Parish of Prestwich cum Oldham, in toe County Palatine of Lan-cafler. Ibid.

xlv. An Act for dividing 3nd inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Eyam, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

xlvi. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

and Common Fields, Common and Lammas Meadows,

8

Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Oakley, in the County of Bedford. 1196

xlvii. An Act to amend, alter, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relates to maintaining a Nightly Watch, and lighting and cleansing the Streets, Rows, and Passages within the City of Chester and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in the Streets, Rows, and Passages within the said City, and for regulating and improving the Police thereof. H9S

xlviii. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Ouse, from Selby in the West Riding of the County of York, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Hemingborough in the East Riding of the same County. Ibid.

xlix. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Derwent, at or near Loftjome Ferry, from the Parish of Wreffel to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Hemingbrough in the East: Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

l. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, and the twenty-first Year of his present Majesty, for amending the Roads from the West End of Toller Lane near Bradford, through Haworth in the County of York, to a Place called Blue Bell, near Colne in the County of Lancaster, and from a Place called the Two Laws to Kighley in the said County of York. Ibid.

li. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, and the twenty-first Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cocking End, near Addingham in the West Riding of the County of York, through Kildwick, to Black Lane End in the County Palatine of Lancester. Ibid.

lii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the second and twenty-third Ycar3 of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from Sandon in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy in the County of Chester, and from Hilderstone to Draycott in the Moors, and from Wetley Rocks to Tean in the said County of Stafford. Ibid.

liii. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands within the Parish of Horncastle in the County of lancoln. Ibid.

liv. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his late Majesty, and the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Preston to Lancaster, and[ from thence to a Place called Heiring Syke; and for maintaining and keeping in Repair the Road from the Guide Post in the Township of Slyne with Ilefl, to a Place called Heft Bank in the said Township. 1199

lv. An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Improvement of the Harbour of Alloa, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Town of Alloa, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

lvi. An Act for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the County of Kinross, and for more effectually making and repairing the Highways within the said County. Ibid.

lvii. An Act for repairing, improving, and preferring the Harbour of Dyfart, in the County of Fife. Ibid.

lviii. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to enable the Justices of the Peaces acting for

[Local and Personal, ) 43 GEO. III.

the Weflem Division of the County of Kent, to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the said County, and for empowering the said Justices to apply Part of the County Stock of the said Division towards the fame, as requires that the said Gaol Should be repaired exclusively at the Expence of the said Western Division; and for the better Regulation and Payment of the publick E.xpences of the said County. 1199

lix. An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, and improving, the Streets, Passages, and Places within the Town of Worthing, in the County of Sussex; for removing and preventing Annoyances and Obstructions therein, and for establishing an effective Police in the said Town. 1200

b. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for cleansing the Ports, Harbours, and Rivers of the City of Cork, and of the Towns of Galway, Sligo, Drogheda, and Belfast, and for erecting a Ballqft Office in the said City, and each of the said Towns, as relates to the Port and Harbour of the Town of Sligo \ and for repealing an Act, made in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and improving the Streets, Quays, Lanes, and Passages in the Town of Sligo m. the County of Sligo; for eJlahVshing a Nightly Watch in the Town 5 for fapply ing the said Town with Pipe Water; and for improving and regulating the Port and Harbour thereof, and for making better Provision for the paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and improving of the said Town of STigo; and for regulating the Porters and Carmen employed therein; and for the better Regulation and Improvement of the Port and Harbour thereof. Ibid.

bi. An Act to alter and amend two Acts, passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Edward the First, and in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second, ?or the Preservation of Salmon and other Fish in the Rivers Teign, Dart, and Plym in the County of Devon. 1201

bh. An Act for the more effectually repairing the Parish Church of Dagenham, in the County of Essex. Ibid.

biii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts passed in the first and twenty-first Years of the Reign of his prese*nt Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the eastern Ead of the Borough of Grampound in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Saint Aujltll and Lojl-wit hi cl, and thence to the call End of the Western Tap Urafe luxne in the said County. 1202

biv. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for more effee- I tually amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the City of Worcester, through Droitwith to Spadejbcurne Bridge, within the Parish of Bromsgrove in the County of Worcester, and other Roads therein mentioned. Ibid.

by. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-brging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Okehampton in the County of Devon. Ibid.

bvi. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Whitechapel Church in the County of Middlesex to Sheffield, and the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford towards Epping, and from the Causeway in the Parish of Low Layton to the End of the said Parish of Woodford^ next Chigwell, and through the Parishes of Chigwell and Lamboum, in the County of Essex; and for lighting and watching the said Road from Whitechapel Church, to the four Mile Stones in the Rumford and Woodford Roads. 1202

lxvii. An Act for amending, widening, altering, and improving the Road leading from the High Street in the Town of Arundel, to the Junction of the Petworth and Pulborough Roads, and from thence to join the present Turnpike Road on Fittleworth Common, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

lxviii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering, and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the first and twenty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making a Road from the north east Side of the Goswell Street Road next Islington, and near to the Road called The New Road, over the Fields to Old Street, and from the Dog Houft Bar to the End of Chiswell Street, by the Artillery Ground, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

lxix. An Act for amending, altering, and keeping in Repair the Road from the Turnpike Road between Burnley and Colne, in the Township of Marfden, in the Parish of Wbailey, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of Gtjlurn, in the West Riding of the County of York, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from SUpton to Settle, at or near the Town or Village of Long Preston, in the said County of York. Ibid.

lxx. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the present Turnpike Road upon Greenhill Moor to Hathersage, and from the Chesterjiela Turnpike Road, near Stoney Middleton to Totley, all in the County of Derby; and also for making two new Branches from the said Roads to Bajlow, in the said County, and to Goose Green near Sheffield in the County of York. Ibid.

lxxi. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of two Acts passed for amending the Road from Sacred Gate, in the Parish of Thorngumlald to Patrington Creek or Haven, and from the Guide Post in Winestead to Frodingham Gate, in or near Widow Branton's Farm, in the County of York. Ibid.

lxxii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers of two Acts, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Pond late belonging to Henry Eyre Esquire, in the Parish of Whiteparish in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Dunwood Hill, and from thence over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, through Romsey Infra to Hundred Bridge im the County of Southampton, and from thence to the County of the Town of Southampton. Ibid.

lxxiii. An Act for the Sale of Part of the Estates of the Right Honourable Robert Earl of Roden, for the Intent and Purposes therein mentioned, and for settling other Estates in lieu thereof to the same Uses. 1203

lxxiv. An Act for the more effectually carrying into Execution the several Acts therein mentioned for the Relief of the Creditors of certain Banks lately kept in the City of Dublin called Burtons Banks. Ibid.

lxxv. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open, Common, and Mcfne Fields, Moors, Meadows*

Pastures, Wastes, and other commonable and uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Great Hucilow, in the Parish of Hope, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

lxxvi. An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing

xlviii The TITLES of the STATUTES,

inclosing the Open Commons in the Manor of Reagill, in the County of Westmoreland, and for granting other rowers for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds. 1203

lxxvii. An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open leaflet and Commons lying in the Manor of Sleagill, in the County of Westmoreland; and for granting other Powers for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds. _ Ibid.

lxxviii. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Heaths, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands within the several Parishes of Somcrleyton, Blundeflone, and hound, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

lxxix. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common Failure, Common and Waste Lands within the Township of Middleton in the Parish of Middleton, in the Fad Riding of the County of York. 1204

lxxx. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Clifford, in the Wed Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

lxxxi. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds within the Liberty of Wormhill, in the Parish of Tideswell, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

lxxxii. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and otherwise improving several Commons, Moors, or Wades within the Manor of Alston, otherwise Alston Moor and Garragill in the Parish of Alston and County of Cumberland. Ibid.

lxxxiii. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wades, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish of CaRle Bytham in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

lxxxiv. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Padures, Commons, and Waste Lands within the Parishes of Great Kimble, Little Kimble, and Ellesborough in the County of Buckingham. 1205

lxxxv. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pal lures, and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Liljloch in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

lxxxvi. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common and Waste Land, lying within the Manors of Hartshill and Anjley, in the Parishes of Mancetter and Anfley, in the County of Warwick. Ibid.

lxxxvii. An Act for the further Improvement of the Harbours of the Town of Greenock, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. 1206

lxxxviii. An Act for repairing, enlarging, and improving, the Pier and Quay within the Port or Harbour of Torquay in the County of Devon. Ibid.

lxxxix. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the forty-first Year of his present Majesty, for building a Pier at Sheernfs in the Isle of Sheppy, in the County of Kent, and for other Purposes, as authorizes the taking or carrying away any Gravel, Stones, Ballad, Sand, or other Materials from the Sea Beach, belonging to William Alston, Lord of the Manor of Minster in the said Isle of Sheppy, without paying any Thing for the fame. Ibid.

xc. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, and improving the Town of Bradford, and Part of the Hamlet of Little Horton adjoining thereto, in the County of York, and for removing and preventing all Nuisances therein. Ibid.

xci. An Act to establish a Chapel of Ease at Brighthelmfon in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

xcii. An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the London Turnpike Road near the South or upper End of Harwell Town in the Parish of Harwell, in the County of Berks, to the Turnpike Road near the Village x>f Strealley, in the said County. 1206

xciii. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending the Roads from the City of Chfler to the IToodfide Ferry in the county of , Chester, and other Roads therein mentioned. Ibid.

xciv. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, pfllld in the ninth and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads from the End of the County of Stafford, through Nantwich, to the City of Chfler, so far as the said Acts relate to the first District of Roads. Ibid.

xcv. An Act for further continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Htdeworthy in the Parish of Davidstow in the County of Cornwall, to the East End of Wadebridge, and from the West End of Wadebridge into and through the Borough of Mitchell in the said County. Ibid.

xcvi. An Act for making and repairing the Road from Greenock to Kelley Bridge in the County of Renfrew, and a Road branching out of the same to Ailly Miln, in the same County. Ibid.

xcvii. An Act for vesting the Manor and Estate of Ratcliffe tfen Wreke in the County of Leicester (Part of the settled Estates of R olert Earl Ferrers), in aTrustee to be sold, and for applying the Purchase Money in Discharge of an Incumbrance assefting the Whole of the said settled Estates. Ibid.

xcviii. An Act to confirm a Lease granted by the Trustees of a Power in a Settlement, made by the Right Honourable Charles late Lord Southampton deceased, and Ann Lady Southampton, to the Governor and Company of the New Rivtr, and for other Purposes. 1207

xcix. An Act for effecting certain Exchanges between the Right Honourable William Viscount Lowther, and the respective Devisees under the Wills of Sir William Lowther Baronet, and the Right Honourable fames late Earl of Lonsdale. Ibid.

c. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Richard Langley Esquire, in Trustees to be sold, subject to the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, and for applying Part of the Purchase Monies in paying off Incumbrances, and in reimbursing to him the Expences of Improvements already made, and also in reimbursing to him the Expences of future Improvements, when the Amount shall have been ascertained, under the Direction of the said Court, and for laying out the Residue of the Purchase Monies, under the Direction of that Court, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former Uses. Ibid.

ci. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Alterion Bywater in the Parish of Kippax, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

cii. An Act for inclosing the Commonable Lands within the Manor and Township of Polier Newton cum Gibton in the Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

1209

ciii. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the several Parishes of Penrith, Edenhall, Salkeld otherwise Great Salkeld, Lareonhy, Hejkett, Wether al, Hutton, and Newton, the Township of M'tddlefctugh, 7 and

xlix

(Local and Personal, ) 43 GEO. III.

and Braith watte, in the Parish of Saint Mary Carlisle, and the Town ships of Raughton and Gaitfgill, and IvegtJl in the Parish of Dalston in the Honour of Penrith, and the Forest of Inglewood^ or in one of them, in the County of Cumberland. 1209

civ. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Kirk Iret on in the Parish of Kirk Ireton, and of Callow in the Parish of Wtrksworth, in the County of Derby.'/£/*/.

cv. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Lands in the Township of Hatton, in the Parish of Runcorn, in the County Palatine of Chester. Ibid.

cvL An Act to extend the Provisions of two Acts, passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth, and in the forty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof, to, and to alter and amend the same as to the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and Liberties thereof, and all Places within fifteen Miles of the Royal Exchange of the said City of London. Ibid.

cvii. An Act for raising and securing a Fund for making Provision for the Widows of the Writers to his Majesty's Signet in Scotland. Ibid.

ciin. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Dorset and Somerset Canal Navigation to raise a further Sum of Money towards completing the said Canal, and for altering and amending an Act, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation. 1210

cxix. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed for amending and widening the Road leading from the High Post Road near the Town of Faver/lam, to the Town and Port of Hythe, and from Bacon* 1 Water to Holy Lane, in Wincheap, near the City of Canterbury in the County of Kent. Ibid.

Cx. An Act for continuing the Term, and consolidating into one Ad, several Acts relating to the Road from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and for making and repairing the Road therein mentioned. Ibid.

cxi. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Kingston-upon-Thames in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheetlridge, near Petersfeld, in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

cxii. An Act for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers of two Acts, made in the twenty*eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bury in the County of Huntingdon, to a House called the Spread Eagle, in Stratton in the County of Bedford. Ibid.

cxiii. An Act for enabling Trustees therein named to concur, on the Part of the Devisees in the Will of Mary Foord, late of Stockton in the County of York, Widow, one of the three Sifters and Coheiresses of John Agar, late of Stockton aforesaid, Esquire, and Serjeant at Law, with the other Persons interested in making a Partition, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Court of Chancery", of the Freehold and of Estates of the said John Agar. Ibid.

cxiv. An Act for effecting the Sale of the Mansion House and Grounds late of John Cornwall Esquire, deceased, fltnate in the Parish of Hendon, in the County of Middlesex, and for investing the Purchase Money, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in another Estate to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

cxv. An Act for incloGng Lands in the Township of Whit-wick, and Township or Liberties of Tbringjhne and Pegg's Green, in the Parish of Whitwick in the County of Leicester.

1210

cxvi. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons, Modes, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hcversham, in the County of Westmorland. Ibid.

cxvii. An Act for erecting a new Church to be called Christ Church, in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and for providing a Maintenance and Residence for the Minister or Perpetual Curate thereof. Ibid.

cxviii. An Act for amending an Act, passed in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for more effectually draining certain Tracts of Land called Wildmore Fent and the West and East Fens in the County of Lincoln, and other Low Lands and Grounds lying contiguous or adjoining thereto. 1212

cxix. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Township of Elland cum Greet land, in the Parish of Halifax, and West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

cxx. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Saint Nicholas and Saint John in Newport, Saint Peter in Eafgate, Saint Mary le Wigford, Saint Martin and Saint S wit hen t in the City of Lincoln, and in that Part of the Parish of Saint Margaret which lies within the said City, and for setting out and appropriating certain Lands within the said City, as a common Pasture for the Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

cxxi. An Act for explaining, amending, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as relates to supplying the Inhabitants of Port Glasgow and Newark with Water; to paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Towns; and to repairing and keeping in Repair the Harbour of Port Glasgow; and for erecting a new Court House and Prison, and other necessary publick Buildings in the said Towns. Ibid.

cxxii. An Act for more effectually repairing' and improving the several Roads leading to and from the City of Exeter, and for keeping in Repair Exeter Bridge and Countess Wear Bridge. Ibid.

cxxiii. An Act for inclosing and improving a certain Trad of Common or Waste Land, called Beam Heath, in the Township of Alvafion, in the Parish of Nantwich, in the County Palatine of Chester. Ibid.

cxxiv. An Act to authorize the Advancement of further

Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, to be applied in the Improvement of the Port of London, by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled; and to empower the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to purchase the legal Quays between London Bridge and the Tower of London. Ibid.

cxxv. An Act for regulating the Markets within the Tmvu of Blaklurn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for improving the Streets and other Places within the said Town. 12 t y

cxxvi. An Act for the further Improvement of the Port of London, by making Docks and other Works at Black wall, for the Accommodation of the East India Shipping in the said Port. Ibid.

cxxvii. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual «m Ad, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth Year of the Reign of Ins present Majesty, for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious, and for repairing and preserving the Walls of the River Anna Liffty, in the City of Dublin; and

1

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

also for empowering the Corporation for preferring and improving the Port of Dublin, to build and repair Bridges over the said River within certain Limits. 1222

cxxviii. An Act for the Improvement of the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford» and for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Ouze, in the said Town. 1224

cxxrx. An Act for extending and making the Horse Towing Path or Road on the Banks of the River Severn, from Bewdley Bridge in the County of Worcester, to the deep Water at Digits, below the City of Worcester. Ibid.

cxxx. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from and out of the River Tamar, at or near Morwellham Quay, to the Town of Tavistock; and also a certain Collateral Cut to lead from the said Canal to Mill Hill Bridge, in the County of Devon. Ibid.

cxxxi. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Ra-venjborne, at or near its Mouth or Outlet into the River Thames, in the County of Kent, and for making and maintaining proper Approaches thereto. 1225

cxxxii. An Act for enlarging and altering the Term and Powers of several Acts of Parliament, for making a Road from New Street, Southwark, to the Places therein mentioned, and from Freeschool Street, Southwark, to Dock Head and LilUput Hall Bridge, in Bermondsey, and from the Stones End in Kent Street, Southwark, to Hartford, so far as respects the Road leading from the Stones End in Bermondsey Street, towards Saint Thomas a Waterings; and also for repairing and maintaining a certain Lane, called Long Lane, in the Parish of Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

cxxxiii. An Act for repairing, altering, and widening the Road from a Lane called Back Lane, in the Parish of Scartho, to Hollowgate Head, in the Parish of Louth, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

cxxxiv. An Act for establishing a Free Market, in the City of London, for the Sale of Coals, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the Vend and Delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain Places therein mentioned. Ibid.

cxxxv. An Act for vesting the defeended Estates of the most Honourable Wills late Marquis of Downshire, and Arthur late Marquis of Downshire, respectively aeceased, in Trustees, in Trust, to be disposed of under the Directions of the High Court of Chancery, for Payment of their respective Debts. 1235

cxxxvi. An Act for appointing new Trustees for the Purposes of certain Settlements made upon and after the Marriage of the Right Honourable Henry Lord Stawell with Mary Curzon Spinster, now the Right Honourable Mary Lady Stawell, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

Cxxxvii. An Act for vesting certain Freehold and Leasehold Parcels of Land, and Materials of Building, situate in the Town of Liverpool, devised by the Will of the late France Esquire, with their Appurtenances, in certain Trustees, upon Trust, to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to like Uses. 1235

cxxxviii. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Township of Batley, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

cxxxix. An Act to enlarge the Powers of, and explain and amend an Act made in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for forming, paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and other wise improving and keeping in Repair the Streets, Squares, and other publick Passages and Places, which are and shall be made upon certain Pieces or Plots of Ground in the Parish of Saint rancras, in the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Right Honourable Ann Dowager Baroness Southampton; and for including therein certain other small Plots of Ground in the said Parish therein described. Ibid.

clx. An Act for improving and rendering more commodious the Port and Harbour of Bristol. Ibid.

cxli. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal to raise Money to discharge their Debts, and to complete the Canal, and for explaining and amending the Acts for making and maintaining the said Canal, and for granting to the said Company further and other Powers. 1236

cxlii. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre, under certain Restrictions, in the City of Glasgow. Ibid.

cxliii. An Act for altering and enlarging some of the Provisions of an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending an Act passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty % intituled, 1 An Act for taking down the Church and

Tower belonging to the Parish of Saint John at Hackney, in the County of Middlesex; and for building another Church and Tower for the Use of the said Parish, and for making

an additional Cemetery or Church Tard; y and for raising a

further Sum of Money for completing the said Church and other Works. 1 ^37

cxliv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Beverfone, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

cxlv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor, Rectory, or Rectory Manor and Township of Dewsbury, in the West Riding of the County of York. 1239

cxlvi. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Fields, Liberties, and Precincts of Wroxton and Balfcot, in the Parish of Wroxton, in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

cxlrii. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the lighting the Streets and Places within the Borough and Soke of Doncaster, in the County of York; and for more effectually lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the hid Borough, and for preventing Nuisancea therein. Ibid.

{Not printed, ) 43 GEO. III. li

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

NOT PRINTED.

1. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Corr.inonable, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Widmerpool, in the County of Nottingham.

2. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing two certain Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground called or known by the several Names of The Pqjhtre and Doggefs Furze, situate in the Parish of Oiney, in the County of Buckingham.

3. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Gumecester otherwise Godmanchester, in the County of Huntingdon.

[And for extinguishing Tythes.]

4. An Act for naturalizing Francis Theodore Plantamour.

5. An Act for naturalizing Charles Be/lock.

6. An Act for naturalizing Isaac Hofch.

7. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Heaths, Plains, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Buchlesham and Fcxhall, in the County of Suffolk.

8. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Arable Lands or Fields, in the Parish of North Perrott, in the County of Somerset.

9. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Market Orion otherwise Market Overton, in the County of Rutland, and, for extinguishing the Tythes within the same Parish.

10. An Act for dividing and allotting a certain Common Meadow, called Petherton Broadmead, situate in the Parish of South Petherton, in the County of Somerset.

11. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, and otherwise improving the Walle and Commonable Land within the Parish of Northaw, in the County of Hertford.

12. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Dalston, in the County of Cumberland.

13. An Act for naturalizing John Lewis Grejfulhe.

14. An Act for naturalizing Charles Henry Ferdinand Schi/fze.

15. An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Lewis Beland.

16. An Act for naturalizing John Henry Lutterloh.

17. An Act for naturalizing Louis Anna Cezar North and Claude Nicole du Pre de Saint Maur North, his Wile.

18. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Adolphus Hellmers.

19. An Act for naturalizing George Frederick Christian Sciden-Jlicker.

20. An Act for naturalizing George Philip Kauffmann.

21. An Act for naturalizing John Rudolph Bourcard.

22. An Act for naturalizing Henry Fagel and William Henry James Fagel.

23. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields in the Parish of Rujlington, in the County of Sussex.

24. An Act to enable William Robertson Esquire, of Lady kirk, to exchange the Lands of Bandeath, Hill House Field, and Kirklands of Bolton, lying respectively in the Counties of Stirling, Mid Lothian, and Faff Lothian, held by him under certain Conditions, Provisions, and Limitations contained in a Disposition of the said Lands made by his Grandfather for the Lands of Ramrig and Greenjide, belonging to him io Fee Simple, and lying in the Couuly of Berwick.

43 Geo. III.

25. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates settled upon the Marriage of John Coker Esquire, with the Honourable Charlotte Marsham, in the said John Coker in Fee Simple, and for settling other Estates of greater Value in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses.

26. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common and Waste Lands in the Parish of East Stower, otherwise Slower Faff Slower, in the County of Dorset.

27. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a Piece or Parcel of Open and uninclosed Wood Land, called Hartley Bank; and also the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Shelley, in the Parish of Kirkburton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[And for extinguishing Tythes.]

28. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Fen Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parishes of Rippingale and Kirkby Underwood, in the County of Lincoln.

[And for extinguishing Tythes.]

29. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Tollerton in the County of Nottingham. [And for extinguishing Tythes."]

30. An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the thirty- [36 G. 3. sixth Year of the Reign of his present- Majesty, intituled,3- Pr-l An Act for dividing and allotting the Common and Open Fields,

Common Meadows, Commons, and Woffe Lands, within the

Parish of Houghton Regis in the County of Bedford; and to give Powers for the making and completing of certain Roads set out by the Commissioners acting under and by virtue of the said Act.

31. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds in the Township of Burton otherwise Burton upon Slather, and in the Hamlets of Slather, Darby, Thealby, and Coleby within the Parishes of Burton and West Ha!ton, in the Wapentake of Manley, in the County of Lincoln, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township and Hamlets.

[With certain Exceptioni.]

32. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Opc*i

Fields and Meadows, Commonable and intermixed Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Staver/on, with the Chapelry of Boddington annexed, in the County of Ghu-cester. [And for extinguishing Tythes.]

33. An Act for naturalizing Valentine Close.

34. An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, ai.d inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Ground, in Blewbery, in the County of Berks.

35. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of West Rafen in the County of Lincoln.

[And for extinguishing Tythes.]

36. An Act for naturalizing Chrjlian Saunders.

37. An Act for vesting, subject to the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery, the Estate settled to the Use of George Jackson and Elizabeth his Wife, and the Survivor of

Hi The TITLES of the STATUTES,

them* during their Lives, and the Life of the Survivor, with divers Remainders over, in George Bern and his Heirs, in Trust, for the said George Jackson and his Heirs, and for substituting other Lands and Hereditaments in lieu thereof.

38. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Sibfon, in the County of Lciceder*

39. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Meadows and Pailures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Send and Ripley, in the County of Surrey.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Moor or Common, and other Waste Lands, situate within the Manor of Beamjh otherwise Bramtjh Park, in the Parish of Chejltr-le-Street, and County of Durham*

41. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a certain {tinted Pasture, called The Cow Close, in the Township of Barntngbam, in the North Riding of the County of York.

42. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Open Meadow, Common Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the several Township of Dunham and Ragnail, and within the Parish, Manor, and Soke of Dunham, in the County of Nottingham.

[And for extinguishing Tythes.]

43. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Harrow, in the County of Middlesex*

[And for extinguishing Tythes.]

44. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons, and Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Places, within that Part of the Parish of Chickerill otherwise Wed Chickerill, which lies within the Tithing of West Chickerill, in the County of Dorset*

45. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, and inclosing the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Common Down, Waste and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Chipping Lambome, in the Parish of Chipping Lamborne, in the County of Berks; and for dividing, atloting, and inclosing a certain Common, called King's Heath, within the Tithing of Blagrave, in the Parish of Chipping Lamborne aforesaid.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Commons and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Boultham otherwise Bolt ham, in the County of Lincoln.

[And for extinguishing Tythes.]

47. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Hanjlop otherwise Hanjlopc, in the County of Buckingham.

48. An Act for dividing, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Milton Erness, in the County of Bedford* [And for extinguishing Tythes.]

49. An Act for naturalizing >William Benjamin Samuel Char-mere de Semery.

50. An Act for naturalizing Lawrence Gall.

51. An Act for naturalizing Morice de long.

52. An Act for dividing ana inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, arid other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of Bradden, in the County of Northampton.

[And for extinguishing Tythes.]

53. An Act for altering and amenefing the Powers of an Act, 14- Pr0 made in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for divi^fng, allotting, and inclosing

the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons,

Marshes, Heaths, Wajles, and Commonable Woods, Lands, and Grounds, within the Parish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey.

54. An Act for confirming and establishing the Division,

Allotment, and Inclosure, of certain Commons called Freezing Hill and Nimlett, and also of a Piece of Open Pasture Land, Part of the said Common called Freexhtg Hill, lying in the Parish of Cold Ashton, in the County of Gloucester.

55. An Act for vesting, subject to the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery, certain Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate in the Parishes of Great Hale otherwise Great Hall otherwise Great Hole, and Little Hale, in the County of Lincoln, Pkrt of the settled Estates of the Honourable Lewis Dymoke, in Trustees, upon Trust to fell, and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sale in the Purchase of more convenient Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Lands so to be sold.

56. An Act for vesting in new Trustees, the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Cork, West-meath, and in the King9! County, in Ireland, formerly the Estate of George Stepney Esquire, deceased, which have not been sold or disposed of unefcr and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed by the Parliament of Ireland, in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty*, intitutled. An Act for veJBng Lands, Tenements, [* Kotin and Hereditaments, situate in the Counties of Limerick, Cork, Folio Westmeath, and in the King's County, the Estate of George

Stepney Esquire, in Trusts, m order that the fame, or a competent Part thereof, may be sold for the Payment of Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same.

57. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Christopher late Lord Bishop of Bristol, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

58. An Act for effcdluating an Exchange, subject to thfe Approbation of the High Court of Chancery, of certain Estates situate in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, between the Trustees of the Estates of the Hospital df Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury, long since deceased, situate at Sheffield, in the County of York, and George Benson Strutt

- Esquire.

59. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a Common or Waste, called The Froxfield Barnett, and other Waste and Commonable Land*, in the Parish of Froxfield, in the County of Southampton.

6c. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Walton , in the Parish of ChesterJUld, in the County of Derby.

61. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing divers Lands, lying in the Open ana Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Rushall, in the County of Wilts.

62. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons, Commonable Wood Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of AJlaQon, in the County of Norfolk*

63. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Township of Shadwell, in the Parish of Thomer, and West Riding of the County of York.

[And for extinguishing Tythes in Part.]

64. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Kirfby cum Ofgodby, in the County of Lincoln.

[And for extinguishing Tythes.]

(Not printed, ) 43 GEO. III. liii

65. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pa (lures. Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, within the Parish and Liberties of Burton Juti'tmer, in the County of Northampton.

[And for extinguishing Tythes.]

66. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Downs, Commons, Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Edmondsham and Wefiworth, within the Parish of Edmondsham, in the County of Dorset.

67. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a Common called the Nythe otherwise the Nythen Common, in the Parish of Old Airesford % in the County of Southampton.

68. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, and all other the Open and uninclosed Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Work-

in the County of Nottingham.

[And for extinguishing Tythes in Part.]

69. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Open Fields, Commonable Meadow and Pasture Grounds, ana certain of the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Whit well and Hackford, in the County of Norfolk.

70. An Act for dividing, allotting, and iodofing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Moors, and Wastes, within the Township of Wilton, Laxenby, Lackenby, and West Coatbam, in the North Riding of the County of Turk.

[And for extinguishing Tythes.]

71. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hemsworth, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[And for extinguishing Tythes.]

72. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish oiLittle Comber-turn, in the County of Worcester.

[And for extinguishing Tythes.]

73. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Spetifbury, in the County of Dorset

74. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a Common or Moor, called Yeadon Moor, and other Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Tendon, in the Parish of Gmfdey, in the West Riding of the County of York.

75. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the Open and Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Upton Scudamore other wise Upton Skidmore, in the County of Wilts.

76- An Act to diffol ve the Marriage of the Reverend George Markham Dean of York, with Elizabeth Evelyn Sutton his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for Other Porposes therein mentioned.

77. An Act for vesting detached Parts of the Estates devised by the Will of Mistress Metier Mary Wefion, in Trustees, upon Trust, to sell the same# and to lay out a competent F^rt of the Money arising by such Sale in the Discharge of certain Incumbrances, and the Residue in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the like Uses.

78. An Act for settling and securing the Lands of Craigen-gate, and others, commonly called The Blair Adam Estate, and also the Lands of Difchcmdador Dkkendad, and others, lying in the Counties of Kinross and P]fe, to and in Favour I of WilRam Adam of Blair Adam, Esquire, and the same Series of Heirs in Fee Tail, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are contained in a Deed of Entail, made in the Year One thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, by Alexander Littlejohn, of Wooejftotm, deceased, of his real

Estates, and in a Disposition of the same Date, of his Per- fonal Estate; and for vesting in the aforesaid William Adam, and his Heirs and Assigna, in Fee Simple, the Lands of Hall Woodjloun, Hillend, Fisherbills, and others, lying in the County of Kincardine; and also the Balance or Residue of the Personal Estate of the said Alexander Littlejohn.

79. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Downs, and other Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township or District of Kilwifton, in the County of Southampton.

80. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ixworth, in the County of Suffolk, and the Open and Common Fields, Heaths, Greens, or Commons and Waste* Grounds, within the Parish of Thurslon, in the fame' County.

81. An Act for dividing, allotting, regulating, and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sutton upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham.

[And for extinguishing Tithes.]

82. An Act for confirming and establishing the Divisioo, Allotment, and Inclosure of certain Open and Common Fields* Meadows, and Pastures, and old inclosed Lands and Waste G, rounds, in the Parish of Kinwarton, in the County of Warwick, and for making Compensation to the Rector of Kinwarton, in lieu of the Tithes thereof*

83. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Ope* and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saleby with Thoreft-horpe, in the County of Lincoln.

[And for extinguishing Titles.]

84. An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing the Open and Comihon Arable Lands, Meadow*. Pasture, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Hamlet of East Hanney, in the Psrifhi of Wef Hanney, in the County of Berks.

[And for extinguishing Tythes in Part.]

85. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Keyfoe, in the County of Bedford. [And for extinguishing Tithes in Part.]

86. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Lancing, in the County of Sussex.

[And for extinguishing Tithes in Part.]

87. An Act for amending an Act, paised in the forty-second4i G» J, Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moor or Common Open Fields*

Stinted Pqfhires, and other Commonable Lands, within the Township of Mickleton, and Parish of Romaldkirk, in the-North Riding of the County of York 2 and for making Compensation for the Tithes, and all Payments in lieu of Tithes* within the said Township of MickUtOn.

88. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlets of Werrington and Walton, in the Parish of Pqfton, and County of Northampton.

[And for extinguishing Tithes.]

89. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Ope*

Fields, Pastures, Cars, and other uninclosed Grounds* within the Township of Ganton and Potter Brompton, in the Parish of Ganton, and the Township of Binnington, in the Parish of IVillerby, in the East Riding of the County of York. [And for extinguishing Vicarial Tithes.]

90. An Act for inclosing Lands within the several Township of Wctwang and Fhnber, in the Parish of Wctwang, in the East Riding of the County of York.

[And for extinguishing Tithes.]

91. An Act for naturalizing Balfar Soehler.

92. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments in the County of Kent and City of Canterbury,

Fart of the settled Estates of Sir Edward Hales Baronet*

liv The TITLES of the STATUTES.

in Trustees, in Trull, to fell under the Directions of the High Court of Chancery, and to apply the Money arising thereby in Discharge of certain Incumbrances affecting the said settled Estates, and in reducing and repairing the Man-lion House called Hales Place, being Part of the said settled Estates, and to lay out the ultimate Surplus of the Monies produced by such Sale in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the remaining Part of the said settled Estates.

93. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Township of Braffmgton otherwise Brajfon, and the Commons and Waste Grounds, called Braffmgton, otherwise Braffon Common, in the Parish of Bradbourne, in the County of Derby,

[And for extinguishing Tythes.]

94. An Act for inclosing that Part of the Common called The Pease Marsh, which lies within the Manor of Lofely, in the Parishes of Saint Nicholas, in Guilford and S half or d, and within the Manor of Poljled, in the Parish of Compton, in the County of Surrey.

95. An Act for incloGng Lands in the Precincts of the Manor of Waltham Saint Laurence; and also in so much of the Manor of Hally as lies within the Parish of Waltham Saint Lawrence, in the County of Berks.

96. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Alderlury, in the County of Wilts.

[And for extinguishing Redorial Tithes.]

97. An Act for naturalizing Louis Bourillion.

98. An Act for naturalizing Matthew Tinne.

99. An Act for inclosing the Commons within the Manors of Godalming and Cattjhull, in the Parishesof Godalming, Chiddtngfold, and Compton, in the County of Surrey.

100. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward James Foote Esquire, with Nina Herries, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

101. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Charlton Adam and Charlton Mackrell, in the County of Somerset.

[And for extinguishing Tithes.]

J02. An Act for inclosing Commons in the Township of Little Ormfide, in the County of Westmoreland.

[And for extinguishing Tithes.]

103. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Tything of Sutton, next Wokeing, in the Parish of Wokeingy in the County of Surrey.

[And for extinguishing Tythes.]

104. An Act for enabling the Keepers and Governors of the Pofftffions, Revenues, and Goods of the Free Grammar School of John Lyony within the Town of Harrow on the Hilly in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building Leases of certain of the Grounds and Estates of the said John Lyon.

105. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Barmby-upon-Dunn, in the Parish of Barmby-upon-Dunn, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[And for extinguishing Tithes.]

106. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Wan-tagey and in the Hamlet of Grave, in the Parish of Wantage, in the County of Berks.

107. An Act for naturalizing Ifaae Mendez Chumafero.

108. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish oi Great Addington, in the County Northampton.

[And for extinguishing Tithes.]

109. An Act for naturalizing Ckrt/iopher Lehrccht Quelle.

110. An Act for confirming*and establishing an Exchange between the Right Honourable Hugh Seymour Conway, deceased, commonly called Lord Hugh Seymour, and John oGldsmith, William Horn, Betty Cay, John Fofler, Francis Faster, and George Fofler, discharged as to the Lands conveyed to the LTle oPthe said Lord Hugh Seymour, in Exchange of all the Limitations and Estates created by the

Will of Thomas Land Gentleman, deceased; and for vesting in the Right Honourable George Henry Fitzroy, commonly called Earl oiEtfion, the Right Honourable George Seymour, commonly called Lord George Seymour, and Thomas Asheton Smith Esquire, their Heirs and Assigns, upon the Trulls declared thereof by a certain Indenturef Release, all the Pieces or Parcels of Land and Hereditaments, which were conveyed to and to the Use of the said Lord Hugh Seymour, upon the said Exchange.

111. An Act for enabling the Trustees of the settled Estates late of John Aldridge Esquire, deceased, in the County of Sussex, to carry into Execution a Contiaft entered into with Charles George Beauclerk Esquire, for the Sale of Part thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

112. An Act for effectuating an Exchange of Lands belonging to the Tmftees or the Charity of Sir Henry Marten Knight, and Henry Marten Esquire, for Lands belonging to Edward Love den Loveden Esquire.

113. An Act for settling a certain Farm and Lands in the Parish of Llandow, in the County of Glamorgan, whereof George Wynch Esquire is seised in Fee Simple, iri lieu of and Exchange for a certain Farm and Lands at Great Gonerly and Manthorpe in the County of Lincoln, being the settled Estate of the said George Wynch and Mary his Wife.

114. An Act for effecting the Sale of an unsettled of Estate belonging to Ann Parker, Sarah Parker, and Samuel Mann Infa.4s, and to John Wray Esquire, John Fea Gentleman, and Molly Wray his Wife, in undivided Shares in Fee Simple, and for inverting the Purchase Monies of the Infants Shares in other Real Estates, to be conveyed to the Infants in Fee Simple, in lieu of such Shares.

115. An Act for vesting in the Honourable William Gordon, Assignee of Dudley North Esquire, a Leasehold Messuage, situate in Piccadilly in the County of Middlesex, with Part of the Fixtures and Furniture settled therewith, by a Codicil to the Will of Elizabeth Cavendish Widow, and for settling Part of the Estates of the said Dudley North in the County of Suffolk, in lieu of and in Exchange for the same.

116. An Act for establishing and confirming Exchanges mede between John Vancauver Esquire, and the Reverend Joseph Gunning Vicar of Sutton, in the County of Suffolk, and Mary Brand Widow, and John Brand Esquire deceased, of certain Lands in the Parish of Sutton in that County.

117. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors and Parishes of Chedworth and Compton Abdale in the County of Gloucester.

118. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Fenditton, in the County of Cambridge. [And for extinguishing Tithes.]

119. An Act for inclosing Lands in Northncwton otherwise Northnewington in the Parish of Broughton in the County, of Oxford. [And for extinguishing Tithes in Part.]

120. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Worplef-don and Wanborow, and in the Manor of Wanborow in the Parishes of Ash and Puttenham in the County of Surrey.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis, Quadragesimo prinio. '

ft Tie Lafi Session of the Parliament of Great Britain, and the First Session of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, having both occurred in the 41st Tear of the King*I Reign, the two Sessions are time distinguished in the Notet to the Acts in this Vohsmc — 41 G* 3. (G» B.): 41 G. 3. (U. K)

AT the Parliament begun-and Holden at Westminster, the twenty-second Day of January, Anno Domini*f\ One thousand eight hundred and one, in the forty-first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord i d. ± GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland 1 King, Defender of the Faith; being the first Session of the first Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland*

CAP. L

An Act to suspend, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and one, 41G.

so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prevent, until the c-Seepnfi.

- Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, the MamsfaBuring of any Fine Flour tireiy*

' from Wheat or other Grain, and the making of any Breadfolcly from the Fine Flour of Wheat / and to repeal an Act passed in the Thirtyffixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting Bakers to make and sell cetiain Sorts of Bread, and to make more fffeBual Provision for the same j as relates to other Grain than Wheat; and for indemnifying Persons who may have dressed, fold, or used any Meal or Flour of such other Grain finer than is prescribed by the said ActL [9th February 1801.]

WHEREAS an Act was ipade in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prevent, until the Sixth 41G. 3, (C.Bf) Hay of November One thousand eight hundred and one, and from tlxnce to the End of Six Weeks from the c. 16. Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, the Manufacturing of any Fine Flour from Wheat or other t'rainy and the making of any Bread solely from the Fine Flour of Wheat; and to repeal an Act passed in the Thirty-ffxtb Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting Bakers to make and Jell certain Sorts of Bread, and to make more effectual Provision for the fame: And whereas it is expedient that so much of the said Act as relate? to the dremn^ felling, or uiing NItal and Flour of all Sorts of Grain, other than Wheat should be suspended for a limited Time; and that all Millers and other Persons who shall have dressed, fold, or used any Meal or Flour of any such other Sort of Grain of a finer Description than is prescribed or allowed by the said Act, should be indemnified; be it therefore enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice So much of the and Coafient of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by recited Act\ the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act as relates to the dressing, felling, or uiing of anyvlate« to the Meal or Flour the Produce of any Sort of Grain other than Wheat, shall, from and after the polling of this ttreffwigorufuig. Ad, be, and the same is hereby suspended until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred

onc- ?o, t ol Grain/

other than Wh«\tt, suspended till March 15,

TI. And be it further enacted, That all Miller*, and other Persons who have dressed, fold, or used any Meal Ptriom vho or Flour of any Sort of Grain other than Wheat of a finer Description titan prefexibed or allowed by the said drellv<1(ir Ad, shall be and are hereby indemnified and are hereby declared to be freed and discharged of and from11

Informations, Prosecution*, Judgments, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, commenced, proffccuted, ad- G.ain <*: hei 41 Geo. III. {U.K.) y & judged,

1 1 by

2

C. 1, 2, 3. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 180r.

Wheat of a finer Defenption than prescribed by the recited A<$, indemnified.

judged, or incurred, or which may be commenced, prosecuted, adjudged, or incurred, by or by reason of any Offence alleged to have been committed against the said recited Act, so far as the same in any way relates to the drefting, felling, or tiling any Meal or Flour the Produce of any Grain other than Wheat, of a finer Deform-tion than is by the said Act prescribed or allowed; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

4tG« 3. (G.

c. 16.

f antr, cap. 1. V this ScjHon. j

*0. ?. («?. B.)

£*Ut#d,

aed repealed.

Persons who have dressed or fed, 5cc. since Feb. 12, 1801, Flour of a finer Defenption than prescribed by the recited indemnified.

CAP. II.

An Act to repeal an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prevent, unfit the Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session. of Parliament, the manufacturing of any Fine Flour from Wheat or other Grain, and the making of any Bread solely from the Fine Flour of Wheat; and to repeal an Act passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present ALjeJly for permitting Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread, and to make more effectual Provision for the fame; and to indemnify Millers and other Persons who have dressed, fold, or used any Meal or Flour of a finer Description than allowed by the said Act.

[24th February 1801.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prevent, until the Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, the manufacturing of any Fine Flour from Wheat or other Grain, and the mating of any Bread solely from the Fine Flour of Wheat; and to repeal an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread, and to make more efeSual Provision for the fame: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be repealed, and that all Millers and other Persons who shall have dressed, fold, or used any Meal or Flour of a finer Description than is prescribed or allowed by the said Act should be indemnified; be it therefore enacted by the Kingli most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be, and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Millers and other Person3 who, fmee the Twelfth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and one, shall have dressed, fold, or used any Meal or Flour of a finer Description than prescribed or allowed by the said Act, or who shall have used any Machine or Cloth of a finer Sort than is therein described, shall be, and are hereby indemnified, and are hereby declared to be freed and discharged of and from all Suits, Informations, Prosecutions, Judgments, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, commenced, prosecuted, adjudged, or incurred, or which may be commenced, prosecuted, adjudged, or incurred by or by Reason thereof; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Pr»ry Contributor of 1001. shall he entitled to a Principal of loot, and of 25l. in the 3 per Cent. Consols, and of 50l. 15l. in the 3 per Cent. Reduced. Cortfbis to commence from Jan. 5, 1&01, and Reduced from 0$. xo, 1800,

Contributors who have made Depofus at the {Sank of England shall pay the Remainders

CAP. III.

An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty-eight Millions by way of Annuities, [iath 1 March i8ai.J Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies which wc have chearfully grauted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved that the Sum of Twenty-eight Millions be raised by Annuities, in Manner herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Contributor towards raising the said Sum of Twenty-eight Millions shall, for every One hundred Pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the Principal Sum of One hundred Pounds, in Consolidated Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and to an additional Principal Sum of Twenty-five Pounds in like Annuities; and also to a further Principal Sum of Fifty Pounds and Fifteen Shillings in Reduced Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; the said several Consolidated Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and one; and the said Reduced Annuity, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred; and that the said Consolidated Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, and the said Reduced Annuity after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum respectively, in respect of each One hundred Pounds so to be contributed as aforesaid, shall be payable and transferable at the Bank of England; and the said Consolidated Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, shall be paid Half-yearly, on the Fifth Day of July and the Fifth Day of January in every Year; and the said Reduced Annuity, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, shall be paid Half-yearly, on the Fifth Day of April, and the Tenth Day of October in every Year.

II. And whereas, pursuant to and upon the Terms and Conditions expressed in the said Resolution, several Persons have, in Books opened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, subscribed together the Whole of the said Sum of Twenty-eight Millions, to be raised by Annuities; and made Deposits of Ten Pounds per Centum on the respective Sums by them so subscribed to the said Sum of Twenty-eight Millions to be raised by Annuities, with the Cftfhiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; be it therefore enacted,

A.D. 1801.

41° GEORGII III. (U.K.)

C. 3.

That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Contributors, who have made such Deposits with the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, (which Cashier or Cashiers is and are hereby appointed the Receiver and Receivers of such Contributions, without any other Warrant to be had k that Behalf, ) to advance and pay unto the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, the several Remainders of the Sums by them respectively subscribed towards the said Sum of Twenty-eight Millions, at or before the respective Days and Times, and in the Proportions herein after limited and appointed in that Behalf 5 (that is to say, ) the further Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum, on or before the Seventeenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one; the further Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum, on or before the Fifteenth Day of May then next following; the further Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum, on or be-(ore the Nineteenth Day of June then next following; the further Sum of Fifteen Pounds per Centum, on or before the Seventeenth Day of July then next following; the further Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum, on or before the Twenty-first Day of August then next following; the further Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum, on or before the Eighteenth Day of September then next following; the further Sum of Fifteen Pounds per Centum, oh or before the Sixteenth Day of October tlren next following; and the remaining Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum, on or before the Eleventh Day of December then next following.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Guardian or Trustee, having the PifpoMon of the Money of any Infant, to contribute and pay for or towards advancing the said Sum of Twenty-eight Millions, to be raised by Annuities in Manner aforesaid; and such Infant, upon the Payment of such Sum or Sums subscribed by such Guardian or Trustee, fhtdl become a Contributor within the Meaning of this Act, and be entitled to have and receive the Annuities, Advantages, and Payments, in respect thereof* b such and the like Manner as any other Contributor; and the said Guardian and Trustee, as to the said Sum or Sums so advanced, is hereby didfchargeiV so as the Name of such Infant be expr<flod in the Receipt or Re-ccpu for such Money.

IV. And be it further enacted, That ever)' Contributor paying in the Whole of the Sums by them respecthrdy subscribed in respect of the said Sum of Twenty-eight Millions, to be contributed as aforesaid, at any Tint on or before the Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and one, shall be entitled to an. Allowance of so much Money as the Interest of each Sum so paid in'Advance for completing his, her, or their. Contribution respectively shall amount unto, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum fromThc

of completing the fame* to the Eleventh Day of December One thousand eight hundred and one; which Allowance is to be paid by the said Cashier or Cashiers out of the Money to be contributed in pursuance of this Act, as soon as such respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall have completed such Payment.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several Subscribers or Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, in respect of the said Sum of Twenty-eight Millions, shall be entitled to an Annuity, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, for every One hundred Pounds by him, her, or them respectively advanced and paid; and also to an Annuity, after the like Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, in respect of the said additional Principal Sum of Twenty-five Pounds, to commence from the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and one, until Redemption by Parliament in Manner herein after mentioned; and shall also be entitled in respect of every such One hundred Pounds so advanced and paid to a further Annuity, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, in respect of the additional Principal Sum of Fifty Pounds and Fifteen Shillings, from the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred, until Redemption by Parliament in Manner herein after mentioned; which said respective Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, and of Three Pounds per Centum respectively, shall be payable and paid, Half-yearly, by even and equal Portions; (that is to fey, ) the said Consolidated Annuities, after the Rate of .Three Pounds per Centum, on the fifth Day of July and the Fifth Day of January in every Year; and the said Reduced Annuities/ after the Rate of Three rounds per Centum, on the Fifth Day of April and the Tenth Day of October in every Year $ the First Payment upon the said Consolidated Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, to be due on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one, and on the said Reduced Annuity, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one; but shall not be payable until the respective Subscribers or Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall have completed the Whole of the Sums by them subscribed for the Purchase of the said Annuities.

VI. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall have completed their Payments of such Part of the Whole Sum payable by them respectively towards the said Sum of Twenty-eight Millions, as shall be payable in respect of the several Consolidated Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, to which they respectively shall become entitled, in respect of such Subscriptions, the Principal Sum or Sums in the said Consolidated Annuities shall forthwith be, in the Books of the Bank of England\ placed to the Credit of such respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, completing such Payments respectively; and as soon as such Contributors, their Executors, Adrainiilrators, Successors, of Assigns, shall have completed the Payments of such Part of the whole Sum payable by them respectively towards the said Sum of Twenty-eight Millions, as shall be payable in respect of the said Reduced Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, or any Part thereof, bhe Principal Sum or Sums in the said Reduced Annuities shall forthwith be, in the Books of the Bank of England, placed to the Credit of such respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, completing such Payments; and the Persons to whose Credit such Principal Sums shall be so placed, their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall and may have Power to assign and transfer the feme, or any Part, Share, or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate what, ever, in the Books of the Bank of England; and the said Governor and

of Subscription# by iuftaknenU.

Guardian* mtf (iibfaibeforJLn^ fenlt.

Discount shalt be allowed eat Payment of the Whole of Sub-feriptiou* by Oct. 15* i % oit

Contribute entitled to certain Annuities payable Half-yearly. but not till Subscrip-ti^ns are completed:

Attoos as SuV

icription* are completed they may be trasu* ferred.

A.D. 1801.

4 C. 3. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.)

Company of the Bank of England are hereby required, at soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, to prepare proper Books for the Purpose of entering the Names of all such Contributors, and of placing to their Credit the Principal Sums so paid by them respectively; and that such of the said Contributors, their Executors, Administrator*, Successors, or Assigns, who shall complete the Payments of such Parts of the whole Sum payable by them respectively, towards the said Sum of Twenty-eight Millions, as shall be payable ih respect of any or either of the said respective Annuities, at any Time before the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall have prepared their Receipts according to the Directions of this Act, shall be en* titled to have the Sums so paid forthwith placed to their Credit in the Books of the Bank of England; and the said Governor and Company are hereby required to cause such Sums to be forthwith placed to the Credit of the Persons entitled to the Annuities in respect thereof, in the Books of the said Bank of England; and fuefc Entries in the said Books shall be in lieu of the Receipts hereby directed to be given for all Sums paid in Man* tier aforesaid; and such Sums shall carry the Consolidated Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and the said Reduced Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, respectively, redeemable by Parliament; and shall respectively be takei^and deemed to be Stock transferable according t<*the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, until Redemption thereof, in such Manner as is herein-dter mentioned.

Contribetori

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every such Contributor or Contributor, his,

Vhoic^their ^er, or *xecutor8> Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, who shall have paid into the Hands of the Subscriptions fold Cashier or Cashiers the Whole of his, her, or their Contribution Money, in respect to the said Reduced

by the Times Annuities after the Rate gf Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, on or before the Second Day of April One

herein spedfied ^thousand eight hundred and one, shall be entitled to have and receive, on the Fifth Day of Aprtl One thoodind shall be entitled dght hundred and one, at the Bank of England, the Half Year's Annuity after the Rate of Three Pounds It cen&^Fe* Centum, that shall become due on the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one, and

that all and every such Contributor or Contributors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, who shall have paid into the Hands of the said Cashier or Caftiiers, the Whole of his, her, or their Contribution Money in respect to the said Consolidated Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, on or before the Second Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one, shall be entitled to have and receive, on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one, at the Bank of England, the Half Year's Annuity, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, that shall become due on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one; and that all and every such Contributor or Contributors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, who shall have paid into the Hands of the kid Cashier or Caftiiers, the Whole of his, her, or their Contribution Money in respect of the said Reduced Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, on or before the Seventh Day of October One thousand eight hundred and one, shall be entitled to nave and receive, on the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and one, at the Bank of England, the Year's Annuity after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum., that shall become due on the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and one; and that all and every Person or Persons who shall not have completed the Whole of their said Payments, on or before the said Second.Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one, or the said Second Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one, or the said Seventh Day of October One thousand eight hundred and one, shall, on completing the same within the Time in this Act prescribed, be entitled to receive the Year's Annuity, on each of the said several Annuities by this Act granted, or to be granted, from the Tenth Day of October Ofte thousand eight hundred, and the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and one, respectively as the same shall become due, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

Annuities pay-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Annuities aforesaid shall be payable and paid, and be trans» at the*" ^le, at the Bank of England; and shall be subject to such Redemption as is herein after mentioned.

Bank.

Money flutt he liked out of the Coofoliclnted Fund of Great Britain lor Payment of Annuities and Chargesj and shall be charged upon the said Fund.

The TrenAiry in Ireland flutt issue out of she Irish Confab-dated. Fund and pay every Half Year into the Exchequer in England, Money to aofwer Annuities, &c< (or 2, 500, 000l. of the Loan.

{See J ij.J

IX. And be it enacted, That so much* Money shall, from Time to Time, be set apart and issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer in England, out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, to the said Cashier or Caftiiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and pay the respective Annuities to be created in respect of the said Sum of Twenty-eight Millions, together with the Charges attending the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the said Annuities, Interest, and Dividends, which shall become payable in respect of the said Sum of Twenty-eight Millions, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon and made payable opt of, the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, or any Three or more of them for the Time being, shall from Time to Time, without any further Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in this Behalf, cause to be issued at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, and paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in England* so much Monies as shall be sufficient from Time to Time to answer to the said Exchequer in England, the several and respective Annuities and other Payments hereby directed to be paid thereout; and also such further Sums as shall be sufficient towards the Sinking Fund, for the Liquidation of the Sum of Two Millions five hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said Loan of Twenty-eight Millions; and that such Payments shall be made into the said-: Exchequer in England Half-yearly, by even and equal Portions, that is to say, such of the said Sums as shall be paid for the Consolidated Annuities in respect of the said Sum of Two Millions five hundred thousand Pounds, on or before the First Day of July and the First Day of January in every Year; and such of the said Sums as shall be paid for the Reduced Annuities in respect gf the mid Sum, on or before the First Day of April*

A.D. 1801.

41° GEORGII III. (U.K.)

C. 3.

and the Fifth Day of Offoter in every Year; the First Payment upon the said Consolidated Annuities to be made on or before the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one, and on the said Reduced Annuity ou or before the First Day of Aprd One thousand eight hundred and one.

XII. And, for the more eafv and sure Payment of all the several Annuities established by this Act, be it further eroded. That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ and their Successors, shall from Time to Time, until all the said Annuities shall be redeemed, appoint and employ One or more sufficient Person or Persons, within their Office in the City of London, to be their Chief or First Cashier or Cashiers, and One other sufficient Person, within the same Office, to be their Accountant General; and that so much of the Monies by this Act appropriated for the Purpose, as shall be sufficient from Time to Time to answer the said several and respective Annuities, and other Payments, herein directed to be made out of the said Monies, in refoed of the Whole of the said Sum of Twenty-eigbfc Millions, shall by Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury of Great Britain, or any Three Qr more of them, or the High Treasurer of Great Britain for the Time being, without any further Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that Behalf, from Time to Time, at the respective Days of Payment in this Act appointed for Payment thereof, be issued and paid at the Receipt of the Exchequer in Great Britain, to the said First or Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, for the Time being, by \*ay of Imprest and upon Account, for the Payment of the said several and respective Annuities payable by virtue of this Act; and that such Cashier or Cashiers, to whom the said Money shall from Time to Time be issued, shall from Time to Time, without Delay, pay the same accordingly, and render his or their Accounts thereof, according to the due Course of the Exchequer in Great Britain; and that the said Accountant General for the Time being shall 4wa Time to Time insped and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and the Vouchers relating thereto, in order toprevent any Fraud, Negligence, or Delay.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank ti Euglamd, who shall have received, or shall receive any Part of the said Contributions towards the said Sum of Traty-eight Millions, shall give a Receipt or Receipts in Writing to every such Contributor for all such &KB3 4 a that the Receipts to be given shall be assignable by Indorsement thereupon made, at any Time before the Fourteenth Day of Odoher One thousand eight hundred and one, and no longer: Provided always, That such Cashier or Cashiers shall give Security to the good liking of any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer of Great Britain for the Time being, for duly answering and paying lato the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain, as after mentioned, for the Publick Use, a3 the Monjes which they have already received, and shall hereafter receive from Tiine to Time, of and for the Whole of the said Sum of Twenty-eight Millions, and for accounting duly for the fame, and for Performance of the Trail hereby in them repoled, and shall from Time to Time jpay all such Monies as soon as he or they iiafl receive the lame, or any Part thereof, or within Five Days afterwards at the farthest, into and shall act*, count for the fame, in the Exchequer of Great Britain, according to the due Course thereof, deducing thereout .such Sams as Audi have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this Act, for which Sums so paid Allowance ffiaU be made in his or their Accounts.

XIV. And be it enacted, That in the Office of the Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, a Book or Books shall be providedand kept, in which the Names of the Contributors fh# be fairly entered $ which Book or Books the said respective Contributors, their re-foedive Executors, Adnnnistrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall and may from Time to Time, and at all feafooabk Times, resort to and insped without any Fee or Charge y and that the said Accountant General Stall, on or before the Fifth Day of 7uly One thousand eight hundred and two, traosmit an attested Duplicate, fairly written on Paper, of the said Book or Books into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Makfty's Exchequer of Great Britain, there to remain for ever.

Auditor of tb*

XV. And be it further enacted, That such Contributors, duly paying the whoR Sum so subscribed at of before the respective Times in this Act limited in that Behalf, and their respective Executors, Administraters, Successors, and Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this Act to have, receive, and enjoy, the said several Annuities, by this Act granted in respect of the Sum so subscribed, out of the Monies granted and appropriated in this §ession of Parliament for Payment thereof, and shall have good and fore Interests and Estates therein, according to the several Provisions in this Act contained^ and that the said several Annuities shall be free from all Taxes, Charges, and Impositions whatsoever.

XVI. Provided always, That in case any such Contributors who have already deposited with, or fhsdl here, after pay to, the said Cashier or Cashiers any Stun or Sums of Money at the Time and in the Manner herein-before mentioned, in Part of the Sum or Sums so by them respectively subscribed, or their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall not advance and pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers, the Residue of the Sum or Sums so subscribed at the Times and in the Manner before mentioned, then and in every such Case so much of the respective Sum or Sums so subscribed, as shall have been actually paid in Part thereof to the said Cashier or Caflueis, shall be forfeited for the Benefit of the Publick, and all Right and Title to the said Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum respectively, in respect thereof, shall be extinguished; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall be entitled to any of the Annuities hereby granted hi respect of the said Sum of Twenty-Height Millions, and all Persons lawfully churning under them, shall be possessed thereof as. of a Personal Estate, which shall not be dcfccndable. ta Heirs, nor liable to any

Foreign

The Bank shall appoint a Cashier and an Accountant General, and the Treasury shall order Money to be issued to the Cashier for Payment of Annuities -

Cashier shall give Receipts

for Subscriptions, which may be assigned-before OA. 14, 1801.

C-iihicr shall give Security for paying the Money he receives into the Exchequ^.

A Book fh'r.?t be kept in the Accountant General's Office for entering Contributors' Names, a Duplicate whercuf shall be transmitted to tbs Exchequer. Contributors duly paying their Subscriptions entitled to Annuities Tax, free.

Subscriptiorr paid m Part and not completed, forfeited.

Annuities shall be deemed Pei-loual Estate.

t

Trejfmy may apply the Mo*

ney paid into the Exchequer.

Treasury may remit to Irilli Exchequer 1, 500, 000l. of the Loan. {Scca/tto, § lx.]

Accountant General ihafl keep Books for entering Transfers.

'Stock may b#

deviled.

Wills Hull be entered at the Bank.

Transfers not liable to Sump Duties. Treasury may defray incidental Expence* out of Contributions, and allow Salaries to the Cashier and Accountant General.

The xl.prrCrnt. Consols, under this Act shall be added to the Joint Stock of 3l. /*er Cent. Contois.

(i$G.i. c. 27.

The 3l. per Cent. Reduced shall be added to the Joint Stock of 3l. per Crut. Reduced. £13 G. t. c. 1.

C. 3. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

Foreign Attachment by the Custom of ^London* or otherwise j any Law, Statute, Or Custom, to the contrary

notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer of Great Britain, for the Time being, to issue and apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be so paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of Great Britain, by the said Cashier or Cashiers, to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in this present Session of Parliament.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more df them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized, out of the said Sum of Twenty-eight Millions, to remit to the Exchequer of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland* from Time to Time, any Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Two Millions five hundred thousand Pounds, to be applied to such Services for Ireland, as shall have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* in this present Session of Parliament.

XX. And be it further enacted, That Books shall be constantly kept by the said Accountant General for the Time being, wherein all Assignments or Transfers of all Sums advanced or contributed towards the said Sum of Twenty-eight Millions, shall be entered and registered; which Entry shall be conceived in proper \Vrords for that Purpose, End shall be signed by the Parties making such Alignments or Transfers, or if such Panics be absent, by their respective Attorney or Attornies thereunto lawfully authorized, in Writing under his or their Hand and Seal, qr Hands and Seals, to be attested by Two or more credible Witnesses; and that the several Persons to whom such Transfers shall be made, shall respectively underwrite their Acceptance thereof, and that no other Method of aligning and transfering the said Annuities, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good or available in Law j Provided always, That all Persons possessed of any Share or Interest in either of the said Stocks of Annuities, or any Ellate or Interest therein, may devise the lame by Will, in Writing, attelled by Two or more credible Witnesses $ but that no Payment shall be made upon any such Devise, until so much of the said Will as relates to such Share, Ellate, or Interest, in the said Stocks of Annuities, be entered in the said Office; and that in Default of such Transfer or Devise, such Share, Ellate, or Interest, in the said Stocks of Annuities, shall go to the Executors, Administrators, Sue* cessors, and Assigns; and that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said TtansfcrJ; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That out of the Monies arising from the Contribution! towards raising the said Sum of Twenty-eight Millions, by Annuities, any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer of Great Britain for the Time being, shall have Power to discharge all such incident Charges as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as to them shall feexi just and reasonable; and also to settle and appoint such Allowances as shall be thought proper for the Service, Pains, and Labour, of the said Cashier or Cashiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said Contributions; and also shall have power to make, out of the Consolidated Fund, such further Allowances as shall be judged reasonable for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Cashier or Cashiers for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said Annuities payable by virtue of this Acts and also for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Accountant General, for performing the Trust reposed in him by this Act; all which Allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the Service, Pains, and Labour, of any Officer or Officers of the said Governor and Company, shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their, Disposal only.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to which any Person or Persons shall become entitled by virtue of this Act, in respect of any Sum advanced or contributed towards the said Sum of Twenty-eight Millions, on which the said Annuities first mentioned, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum* shall be attending, shall be added to the Joint Stock of Annuities transferable at the Bank of England\ into which the several Sums carrying an Interest after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, were, by several Acts made in the Twcntj-fifth, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirty-second, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent Acts, consolidated; and shall be deemed Part of the said Joint Stock of Annuities, subject nevertheless to Redemption by Parliament, in such Manner, and upon such Notice as in the said Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, is directed in respect of the several and respective Annuities redeemable by virtue of the said Act; and that all and every Person and Persons and Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Money to which he, she, or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional Interest and Share in the said Joint Stock of Annuities at the Rates aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to which any Person or Persons shall become entitled by virtue oif this Act, in respect of any Sum advanced or contributed towards the said Sum of Twenty-eight Millions, on which the said Annuity lad mentioned, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be attending, shall be added to the Joint Stock of Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, which by an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, were reduced from Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and shall be deemed Part of the said Joint Stock of Annuities, subject nevertheless to Redemption by Parliament, in such Manner and upon such Notice as in the several Acts by which the said Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum were respectively granted, are directed in respect of the Annuities redeemable by virtue thereof, and that all and every Person and Persons, and Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Money to which he, she, or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional Interest mid Share in the said Joint Stock of Annuities at the Rate aforesaid.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) C. 3, 4.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or affiil in the forging or counterfeiting any Receipt or Receipts for the Whole of, or any Part or Part* of, the said Contributions towards the said Sum of Twenty-eight Millions, either with or without the Name or Names of any Person or Persons being inserted therein, as the Contributor or Contributors thereto, or Payer or Payers thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, or Aall alter any Number, Figure, or Word therein, or utter or publish, as true, any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered Receipt or Receipts, with Intent to defraud the Governor and Company of the Bank of England*, or any Body Politick or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, every such Person or Persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acting or affilling in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, being thereof conTxfted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any of their own Funds, in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the fame, or any of them, shall continue a Corporation for the Purposes of this Act, until all the Annuities by this Act granted shall be redeemed by Parliament as aforesaid; and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ or any Member thereof, shall not incur any Disability for or by reason of their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken of any of His Majesty's Subjects, for receiving or paying the said Subscription or Contribution Monies, ar any of them, or for any Receipt concerning the lame, or for paying the said Annuities, or any of* them, or for any Transfer of any Sum, great or small, to be made in pursuance of this Act, upon Pain that any Officer or Person offending, by taking or demanding any such Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, shall, for every such OGence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds to the Party aggrieved, with full Costs of Suit, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any at His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, rherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, Injunction or Order of Restraint, or any more than One Imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person* or Persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, in his, her, or their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or be nonsuited, or Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered, or repealed by any Act to be failed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. IV.

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to Issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and one.

[12th March 1801J

WHEREAS it may be necessary for the Publick Service that Exchequer Bills should be issued, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and one: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain, or any Three or more of them, now or for the Time being, or the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain for the Time being, if they or he shall judge it adviseable at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, to prepare or make, and issue, or cause to be prepared or made and issued, any Number of new Exchequer Bills, in the same Gr like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions (except wh^jre other Directions for making out the same are contained and particularly expressed in this Act), as in and by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and cue, are enacted and prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of the said Act; which said Exchequer Bills shall be payable at any Time out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies which have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and one, on Fourteen Days' Notice being given by publick Advertisement in the Gazette, and in Three or more of the London Newspapers, of the Day of Payment thereof: Provided always, That every such Exchequer Bill shall and may be signed by the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, or in his Name, by any Person duly authorized by the said Auditor to sign the fame, with the Approbation of the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, in Writing under their Hands, or of any Three or more of them.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be conflmed to extend, to authorize the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue any Exchequer Bills on the Credit of any Duties or Taxes granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for cant taming and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the

; , Tear

7

Persons counterfeiting Re-, ceipts for Contributions, &cf guilty of Felony without Clergy*

Bank shall continue a Corporation till the Annuities hereby granted cease.

No Fee shall be

taken for receiving Contributions, or paying or transferring Annuities, on Penalty of iqL

[General Issue.]

Persons sued, may plead the

Treble Cells.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session.

The Treasury may issue Exchequer Bills agreeably to those issued under the Malt Act of 41 G. 7, {(r.n.) C. 7.

to be payable out of the Supplies for 1 So 1, on 14 Days' Notice in the Gu &c.

But Treasury* shall not issue.under this Act Exchequer Bills on the credit 01

8

410.5 .(G.n, ) r. 7 & 8. or on any Aids that may be granted next Session.

Exchequer Bills shall bear an Infer*-ft not exceeding 3 d. z q. per Cent, per Diem, £tc.

Exchequer Bill* io issued shall no< be received in Payment of the Revenue or at the Exchequer, till the same becqpie payable.

The Clauses in t>ie Malt Act extended to

ti*is

Bank of England may lend 3, 000, 000l. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 A 6 GuL & Mar. c. 20. or

18 G. 3. c. 1.

His Majesty may grant to Sir Stiff try Smith for Life an Annuity of 1, 000l. to commence May 21, 1790 j which shall be payable in Manner herein mentioned, out of the Consolidated Fund.

C. 4, 5. 41° GEORGII III. (17. AT.) A.D. 1801.

Year One thousand eight hundred and one; or by another Act of the same Session, initituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions* Offices, and Per for. al Estates, tn England, Wales, and t!x Town of Berwick upon Tweea, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuffi, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and one, in any other Manner than they are authorized by the said Acts; or to issue any Exchequer Bilh on the Credit of any Aida or Supplies which may be granted in the next Session of Parliament*

III. And be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Three-pence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem, upon or in respect of the Whole of the Monies respectively contained therein; and that all such Exchequer Bills that shall not be paid out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies which have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and one as aforesaid, shall be receivable as Money in Payment for any Publick Taxes, or to the Receipt of any Branch of the Publick Revenue, at any Time after the Expiration of Four Months from the Date of any such Bills respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Exchequer Bill to be made forth by virtue of this Act shall be paid, received, or taken by, or pass or be current with any Collector or Receiver of any of the Publick Taxes or of any Branch of the Publick Revenue whatever, payable to His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, or at the Receipt of the Exchequer, from any such Receiver or Collector, or from any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, (otherwise or on any other account than for the discharging and cancelling of such Exchequer Bills, in case the same shall be in due Course or Order of Payment, ) nor shall any Action be maintained against any such Collector or Receiver for neglecting or refuting to receive any such Exchequer Bills, nor

X'rtft any Officer of the Receipt of the Exchequer for neglecting or refilling the fame, before the Day on : h the same shall be made receivable as Money in Payment for any Publick Taxes or Revenues as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said first recited Act relating to the Exchequer Bills authorized to be made by the said Act (except as herein mentioned) shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, at if the same Exchequer Bills had been originally authorized by the said first recited Act, or as if the said several Provisions and Clauses had been particularly repeated and re-Enacted in the Body of this Act.

VI. And be it declared and further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to advance or lend to His Majesty, in like Manner, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of all or any of the Aids or Supplies which have Been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and one, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three Millions, any Thing in an Act, made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their MajesHes fevered Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Shits and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for feettring certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily, advance the Sum of One M'dhon five hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France; or any Thing in an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and continue, until One Month after the Conchjfion of the present War, the Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Session of Parliament of the Thirty-sixth and Thirty sevent h Tears of His present Majesty \, Chapter Ninety-one, videlicet, on the Twenty-second of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the Ref rid ion on Payments of Cash by the Bank, to the contrary thereof in anywifie notwithstanding.

CAP. V.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity Jo Captain Sir Sidney Smith, in Consideration of the eminent Services which he has rendered during his Command on the Coast of Egypt.

[24th March 1801.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS Your Majesty, by Your most Gracious Message to Your faithful Commons, hath been picafed to signify Your Deiire of conferring a signai Mark of Your Favour and Approbation on Captain Sir Sidney Smith, in consequence of the eminent Services which he has rendered, and the Valour and Ability which he has displayed during the whole Period of the important Operations wnth the Conduct of which he has been entrusted on the Coast of Egypt, and particularly in the gallant and heroic Defence c£ the Fortress of Acra, and that, for that Purpose an Annuity of One thousand Pounds should be granted to the said Sir Sidney Smith, during the Term of his natural Life, to be paid out of the Consolidated Fur.d: Now we, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, duly considering Your Majesty's most Gracious Intention, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King's most Excellent Majesty to give and grant unto the said Sir Sidney Smith an Annuity not exceeding One thousand Pounds, clear of all Deductions whatsoever, for and during the Life of the said Sir Sidney Smith, and which may commence and take Effect from the Twenty-first Day of May One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; the First Payment to be computed from the said Twenty-first Day of May One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and one, and from thenceforth shall be paid Quarterly at the Four usual Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of October, and the Fifth Day of January, in fevery Year; and that the said Acuity shall and may be

A.D. 1801.

9

4i* GEORGII III. (U. C. 5, 6, 7.

issuing and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, after ptying or referring sufficient to pay afi such Sum and Sums of Money as hath or have been directed to be paid cut of the same, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, but with Preference to all other Payments which <U1 or may hereafter be charged upon and payable out of the said Fund.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity of One thousand Pounds shall, during the Life of the said Sir Sidney Smithy be paid and payable at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer out of the said Fund; tad the Auditor of the said Receipt shall, and he is hereby required to make forth and pass Debentures, from Time to Time for paying the said Annuity, as the same mall become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any Part thereof, and the Acquittance* or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the said Sir Sidney Smithy shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment thereof; and the said Debentures to be made forth and passed shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the Time being, for the Payment of the said Annuity to the said Sir Sidney Smithy during the Continuance of the same, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that Behalf.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity or yearly Sum of One thousand Pounds, so to be granted to the said Sir Sidney Smithy shall not be charged with the Payment of or be subject to any Tax, Rate, or Assessment, iraposed or to be imposed by Authority of Parliament, or otherwise howsoever, nor to any other Charges whatsoever; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. VI.

An Act for increasing the Number of Field Officers of the several Regiments of Militia in Ireland.

[24th 'March 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to increase the Number of Field Officers in the Regiments of Militia in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, called Ireland, by adding One additional g Lwrtenant Colonel and One additional Major to such of the said Regiments as consist of Eight Companies or ' up ranis, and One additional Major to such of the said Regiments as consist of Seven Companies or under:

And whereas the Antrim, Armagh, North Cork, South Cork, City of Cork, Donegal!, City of Dublin, Galway,

Kory $ Kilkenny, King's County, County of Limerick, Londonderry, Louthy Meath, Monaghan, Rofcommony Tip-1 P'rary> Tyrone, Waterford, and Wexford Regiments of Militia in Ireland, consist of Eight Companies and upward*; and the Carlow, Cavan, Clare, North Down [hire. South Downshire, County of Dublin, Fermanagh,

Kildare, Leitrim, City of Limerick, Longford, North Mayo, South Mayo, Queen's County, Sligo, Westmeath, and Wicklow Regiments consist of Seven Companies, or under Seven Companies be it therefore enacted, by the King's mo ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to issue Orders to the several Colonels or Commanders of the several Regiments before jfl*Uc Orders to mentioned, requiring such Colonels or other Commanding Officers to appoint additional Field Officers in the the Colonels or Irrenl Regiments under their Command, according to the Number of additional Feld Officers herein-before Commanders mentioned to each Regiment respectively; and also to direct such Colonel or other Commanding Officer to certify the Names and Ranks of such Officers so appointed, to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or ^-mentioned!" Governors of Ireland. § > requiring them

to appoint additional Field Officers, Sec.

II. And be it enacted, That all such additional Field Officers thus appointed, if qualified in Manner as Field Such additional Officers of the same Rank in the Militia of Ireland are now by Law required to be, and not disapproved of by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, within Fourteen Days after such nofdisapproved Certificate shall be laid before him or them, shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be deemed and taken as Field cf by the Lord Officers of the respective Regiments in the respective Ranks to which their Commissions shall respectively ap- Lieutenant, Sec. point them, and shall have the same Powers according to such Commissions respectively that other Field Officers ^hin Fourteen in the Militia now have, and shall have Rank and receive Pay according to such Rank from the Dates of their respectire Commissions, in Manner and Form as the Field Officers of the Militia Regiments of Ireland are now haveRank entitled thereto. and Pay, &c. ar

the Field Officers of the Miliua in Ireland*

The Annuity shall be paid at the Exchequer, without Feet,

and shall not be subject to any Tax.

Cap. vn.

An Act for repealing the Rates and Duties of Postage in Great Britain, and granting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof, and on Letters conveyed to or from any Part of the United Kingdom from or to any Place out of the said Kingdom, and by Packet Boats from or to the Ports of Holy-head and Milford Haven.

[24th March 1801.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, being desirous of raising the necessary Supplies to defray

Your Majesty's Publick Expences, and of making a permanent Addition to the Publick Revenue; andthink-

1 ing it expedient that the Rates of Postage established by an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her

late Majesty Queen done, and by Four several Acts of the Fifth, Twenty-fourth, Thirty-fourth, and Thirty.

Seventh \rcani of Your Majesty's Reign, should be repealed, and that other Rates of Pols: ige should be granted?

41 Gcu. III. (U.K.) C ha.e

IO

Rate of

T ii^irc e!la-Miflitd 1/V ») Aiinc, c. 10.

5 Geo. 3. c. 25.

Gfn. 3. (1. 2.C. 37.

3" Geo. 3. c. iS.j

and the Rate of One Penny for conveying Letters by the Penny Post, under 34 Geo. 3. c. 17, shall cease from April S, 1801.

From April 5, 2801, the following Rates shall be paid.

Rates by the General Post.

c. 7. 41° GEORGII III. (17; A.D. i«oi.

have therefore freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unfo Your Majesty, the Rates and Duties here-f in-after mentioned and do therefore most humbly beftech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it C.iacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Rentes of Pollage established Within Great Britain by an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Relgti of Her late Map liy Queen Ann?) intituled, An Act for eJhdJishing a General Post Office for all Her Majesty's Doin': mens, ami for Jettlirg a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, erd other Her Mu] fly's Occasions; and by another A cl, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An jlcl to alter certain Rates of Postage; and to amend, explain, and enlarge several Prov: forts in an Act made in the Ninth J ear of the Reign oj jhtetn Anne, and in ether Acts rehving to the Revenue of the Post Office; and by another Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Rates of Postage for Conveyance of Betters and Packets Ly the Post within the Kingdom of Great Britain; for preventing Frauds in the Revenue, carried on by the Conveyance of certain Goods in Letters and Packets; and for farther preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free ji nn P stage; and by another Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for ah e ring certain Rates cf Postage for Conveyance of Letters in England and Scotland respectively, and of Packets to and from Great Britain from and to Portugal and the British Colonies in America respectively; and for Jetting apart, at the Receipt of the Exchequer for a certain Period, out of the Revenues of the Post Office, the annual Sum oj Forty ihouserid Pounds, towards d<fraying the encreased Charge occaff one d by any Loan raised or Stock created, ly any Act or Acts passed in the Thi rfy-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and also the Rate or Sum of One Penny eilablithed for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Carriage called The Penny Post from any Place to any other Place, being respectively within the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and the respective Suburbs thereof, and of Letters put into the Penny Poll Office to be forwarded by the General Poll, by an Act made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Portage and Conveyance of Letters by the Carriage called The Penny Post, shall, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one, cease and determine, save and except in all Cases relating to the demanding, recovering, receiving, paying, or accounting for any Arrears thereof respectively, which may, on the said Fitth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one, remain unpaid, or any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture respecting the fame, which shall have been incurred at any Time before the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one, it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Pollmaster-General, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto sufficiently authorized, to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to demand* have, receive, and take, for the Port and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets which he shall convey, carry', or fend Post within Great Britain, according to the several Rates and Sums herein after mentioned, the same being rated by the Letter, or by the Ounce; (that is to say).

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the General Poll, not exceeding Fifteen measured Miles within Great Britain, for every single Letter Three-pence; for every double Letter Sixpence; for every' treble Letter, or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, Nine-pence; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, One Shilling; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Post above Fifteen measured Miles, and not exceeding Thirty Miles, within Great Britain, for every single Letter Four-pence; for every double Letter Eight-pence; for every treble Letter, or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, One Shilling; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for ever)' Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, One Shilling and Four-pence; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Post above Thirty measured Miles, and not exceeding Fifty Miles, within Great Britain, for every single Letter Five-pence; for every double Letter Ten-pence; for every treble Letter, or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, One Shilling and Three-pence; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, One Shilling and Eight-pence; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Post above Fifty measured Miles, and not exceeding Eighty Miles, within Great Britain, for every single Letter. Sixpence; for every double Letter One Shilling; for every treble Letter, or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, ' One Shilling and Sixpence; and for every' Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Two Shillings and Sixpence; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Post above Eighty measured Miles, and not exceeding One hundred and twenty Miles, within Great Britain, for every single Letter Seven-pence; for every double Letter One Shifting and Two-pence; for every treble Letter, or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, One Shifting and Nine-pence; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Two Shillings and Four-pence, and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce:

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Post above One hundred and twenty measured Miles, and not exceeding One hundred and seventy Miles, within Great Britain, for every single Letter Eight-pence; for every double Letter One Shifting and Four-pence; for every treble Letter, or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, Two Shillings; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Two Shillings and flight-pence; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce

For

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) C. 7.

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Post above One hundred and seventy measuredMiles, and not exceeding Two hundred and thirty Miles, within Great Britain, for every single Letter Nine-pence; for every double Letter One Shilling and Sixpence; for every treble Letter or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, Two Shillings and Three-pence; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Three Shillings; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Poll above Two hundred and thirty measured Miles, and not exceeding Three hundred Miles, within Great Britain, for every single Letter Ten-pence; for every double Letter One Shilling and Eight-pence; for every treble Letter or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, Two Shillings and Sixpence; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Three Shillings and Four-pence; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce

For the Port and Conveyance of every single Letter by the Post, for every Distance of One hundred measured Miles above Three hundred Miles which such Letter shall be so carried or conveyed within Great Britain, a further Sum of One Penny; for every double Letter, a like further Sum of Two-pence; for every treble Letter or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, a like further Sum of Three-pence; and for every Ounce in Weight, a*: d for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, a like further Sum of Four-pence; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce

And where such Distance above Three hundred measured Miles shall not amount to One hundred Miles, the like further Sum for every single Letter One Penny; for every double Letter, the like further Sum of Twopence; for every treble Letter or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, the like further Sum of Three-pence; for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, the like further Sum of Toar-pence; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce

And where the Distance above Three hundred measured Miles shall exceed One hundred Miles, and so pro-grdarely for any like Excess of Distance of One hundred Miles, the like further Sum for every single Letter Ox Penny; for every double Letter, the like further Sum of Two-pence; for every treble Letter or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, the like further Sum of Three-pence; for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, the like further Sum of Four-pence; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Post to or from any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, fromcr to any Places out of the said Kingdom not within His Majesty's Dominions, ia Addition to all other Rates now payable, for every iingle Letter Four-pence; for every double Letter Eight-pence; for every treble Letter or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, One Shilling; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, One Shilling and Four-pence; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Postmaster-General, and his Deputy and Deputies, Officer and Officers, to demand, have, receive, and take for the Conveyance of every Letter originally lent by the Post heretofore known by the Name of The Penny PoJl> (and not lirft passing by the General rod), the Postage whereof shall not be paid on putting the same into the Office of the said Post, the several Rates or Sums of Money herein after mentioned; (that is to say, ) for the Conveyance of every Letter sent by the said Post from any Place within the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and the respective Suburbs thereof, to any other Place within the same Cities and Borough and the Suburbs thereof, the Sum of Two-pence; for the Conveyance of every Letter put into such last mentioned Post Office to be forwarded by the General Post, the Sum of Two-pence.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one, all Merchants' Accounts, Bills of Exchange, Invoices, and Bills of Lading whatever, shall be rated, taxed, and paid for, as so many several Letters, or by the Ounce, according to the respective Rates by this Act made payable on Letters and Packets conveyed by the General Post.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful to and for His Majesty's Postmaster-General, in his Discretion, to undertake, at the Expence of the Revenue of the Post Office, the Conveyance and Delivery of Letters directed to Persons abiding in Towns, Villages, and Places (not being Post Towns) from the respective Post Towns to which such Letters shall be carried by the Post in the ufu5 Manner; and also the Collection and Conveyance of Letters in and from such Towns, Villages, and Places, in order to be sent by the Post; and to take such Sum and Sums of Money for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for such respective extra Service to be performed, as shall and may from Time to Time be mutually agreed upon by and between the Postmaster-General and the Inhabitants respectively. Scn, i( e ts may

VI. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to hinder or prevent the Inhabitants of any such Towns, Villages, and Places respectively, from carrying or 1 e-carrying, or employing any Meffinger, Servant, or other Person to carry or re-carry any Letters or Packets, to or from the Post Town in such Manner as they have heretofore been accustomed and are by Law authorized; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise and be received for such extra Services as aforesaid shall* after paving the Expence9 incurred, be applied in such Manner as the present Rates of Postage are by Law applicable.

r W

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the faffing of this Act, it shall be lawful to and for His Majesty's Postmaster-General, in his Discretion, to enter into any Agreement or Agreements with, or to

ir

Rates by the Penny Pull.

Merchants Ar< our.t<.

Bills of Exchange. &c.

/hall be 1 atefll as Letters.

The PolVnafler General rnjv unden a kc the Conveyance of Letters to and from Places not being Poll Towns, /or such Sums for extra be igrced upon

but the Inhabitants of such Pla< cs may as heretofore.

Monies arising f'jm extra Sei vice flmll! e Ld ub the R.iivs.

T^c Pc/lmaftet Gvi't. a! may agree with it.y

C. 7.

Person for indemnifying His Majesty against the Expences which may be incurred beyond Ibe Rates by extending the Conveyance of Letters, Rates of Packet Portage from or to Holyhead or Milford Haven, to or from any Ports in Ireland.

41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

Act shall not alter the Rates of Portage upon single Letters sent by or to Seamen, &c. made payable by 35 Geo. 3,

53:

take Security from, mnjr Person or Persons applying to him for that Purpose, for indemnifying His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Whole or in Part, and for such Time as the Postmaster-General may think necessary, against the Expences which shall or may be incurred beyond the Rates of Postage, by extending the Conveyance of Letters by Post to or from any Places where such Conveyance shall be extended at the Request of such Person or Persons, and it shall appear doubtful to the said Postmaster whether by extending the said Conveyance aa additional Expence to the Revenue may not be incurred,

ice of Letters.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one, it shall be lawful to and for His Majesty's Postmaster-General, and his Deputy and Deputies, by him thereunto sufficiently authorized, to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, receive, and take for the Port and Conveyance of all and every the Letters and Packets, that shall be carried or conveyed by Packet Boats from or to the Ports of Holyhead or Milford Haven, to or from any Ports in Ireland* over and above all the Rates payable for such Letters or Packets, a Packet Postage, according to the Rates or Sums herein after mentioned; that is to say, for every single Letter Two-pence; for every double Letter Four-pence; for every treble Letter, or other Letter less than an Ounce in Weight, Sixpence; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Eight-pence; and so in Proportion for every Letter or Packet exceeding an Ounce in Weight.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall increase or alter, or be construed to increase or alter, the Amount or Manner of charging the Rates of Postage upon single Letters to be sent by the Post, by or to Seamen or Privates employed in His Majesty's Navy, Army, Militia, Fencible Regiments, Artillery, or Marines, upon their own private Concerns only, whilst such Seamen and Privates shall be employed in the Publick Service as aforesaid, made payable by an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, an Act for further regulating the sending and receiving Letters free from the 'buty of Postage; for allowing Non-commissioned Officers) Seamen, and Private Meh) in the Navy and Army9 whtljl on Service9 to send and receive Letters at a low Rate of Postage; and for permitting Patterns and Samples of Goods to be transmitted by the Poll at an easier Rate than is now allowed by Law; any Thing herein-before con-

Nor the Manner

of charging for Patterns of Cloth, fee. under that Act.

Powers of Acts relating to the Post Office, not repealed or altered, shall extend to this Act.

Rates shall be

paid to the Re-ceiverQeneralof the Port Office, who shall pay the Money into the Exchequer, to he carried to the Consolidated Fund.

Application of the Revenue of the Post Office after April 5, jSoi.

tained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall increase or alter, or be construed to increase or alter, the Amount or Manner of charging the Rate of Postage upon Letters, Packets, or Covers, containing Patterns of Cloth, Silk, Stuff, or other Goods, or Samples of other Sort of Things, not exceeding One Ounce in Weight, made payable by the said last mentioned Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one, all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Disabilities, Penalties, and Methods, for the Recovery of the same, and all other Matters and Things in force at the Time of passing this Act, and contained in the said Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her said late Majesty Queen Annet or in any other of the before-mentioned Acts of Parliament, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate to the Post Office (and not repealed or altered by this Act), shall continue in force, and shall be applied and extended, and shall be construed to apply and extend, to this present Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties herein-before granted, together with -

such other Rates and Duties of the Revenue of the Post Office as shall be by Law payable and received after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one, shall be paid from Time to Time into the Handa of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Revenue of the Poll Office, who shall pay the same (the necessary Charges for collecting, paying, and accounting for the same being first deducted) into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer on such Days and Times, and in such Manner, as the Rates and Duties hereby repealed were by any Law in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act directed to be paid, and the said Money so to be paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.*,

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That out of the Monies arising by the said Rates and Duties hereby imposed, and such other Rates and Duties of the Revenue of the Post Office as shall be by Law payable after the said Fifth Day of April\ after setting apart quarterly the several Sums of One hundred and two thousand six hundred and thirty-nine Pounds, and of Ten thousand Pounds, in the Manner and for the Purposes directed by the said Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the further Sum of Forty-nine thousand six hundred and two Pounds, being One-Fourth Part of the annual average Produce for Three Years, ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred, of the Remainder of the Rates and Duties g ranted by the said last mentioned Act, and directed thereby to be set apart, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall, according to the said last mentioned Act, be set apart as an Addition made to the Publick Revenue for the Purposes therein-mentioned; and after setting apart the several Sums above-mentioned, or so much as shall be sufficient, the Remainder of the said Revenue shall, during the Period of Ten Years after the passing of this Act, be entered in "the Books in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenue; and that the said Remainder of the said Rates to be set apart, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the encreased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created or to be created, for the Service df Great Brita \n9 by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of

*3

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) C. 7, 8.

Ten Years, a Book or Books, in which the said Remainder of the said Revenue shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Duties granted or to be granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such encreased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paio or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued, mo-leiled, or prosecuted for any Thing by him, her, or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person and Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and

S've the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if, upon the Trial, a Verdict shall pass for the efendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, made in or imported into Great Britain; and on Tea imported into and fold in Great Britain.

[24th March 1801.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's Publick Expences, and making a permanent Addition to the Publick Revenue, have freely and volunta-r&y resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several new and additional Rates and Duties of Customs sad Excise herein respectively mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be eatied; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon the several Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities, mentioned and described in the Schedules respectively marked A and B hereunto annexed, the several Sums of Money, and Duties of Customs and Excise, as they are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedules; and that there shall be made, allowed, and paid, for or in respect of Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities, for or in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is by this Act imposed, to the several Persons entitled to the fame, the several Drawbacks of Excise, as the same are also respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the Schedules respectively marked C and D hereunto annexed, and also all such special Allowances as are particularly directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this A A.

Duties shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs and Eicife in England and

Scotland respectively. §2.

u Duties and Drawbacks (except where altered by this Act) shall be managed as the like Duties and Draw-u backs might J>e under Acts now in force, and the Goods shall be under like Regulations. §3.

IV. ' And whereas Contracts may have been made before the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one, by Makers of or Dealers in Paper, for serving Paper to be delivered in point of Time after the said

Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one; be it therefore enacted, That such Makers of or Dealers in Paper, serving such Paper after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one, in pursuance of such former Contracts, shall be allowed to add a Sum equivalent to the Duties by this Act imposed for or in respect of such Paper, over and above the Contract Price of such Paper, and such Makers and Dealers shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to be paid for the same accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Brown Paper (except such only as shall be made of Old Ropes or Cordage alone, without separating or extracting the Pitch or Tar therefrom, and without any Mixture of other Materials therewith! shall be deemed and taken to be Coloured Paper of the Second Class within the Meaning of this Act, and also of an Act made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Paper, Pajlcloardy Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, and for granting other Ditties in lieu thereof; any Tiling in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Class within the Meaning of this A«£t, an<

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatever shall print, paint, or (lain, any Paper to serve for Hangings or other Uses, save and except such Paper for or in respect whereof the Duty or Duties chargeable on Paper of the First Class mentioned in this Act shall have been duly charged, nor unless such Paper shall be, or shall nave been previously produced to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey the Printer, Painter, or Stainer thereof shall be, inclosed in the original Cover or Wrapper, or Covers or Wrappers, in which such Paper was charged with the said Duty or Duties, and with the Label or Impression of the Stamp, denoting the Charge of the said Duty or Duties, and also the Name of the Officer, and the Date of the Charge of the said Duty, with the Class of such Paper marked, written, or printed, remaining viftbly and distinctly on such Cover or Wrapper, or Covers or Wrappers; and upon such Production of such Paper, such Printer, Painter, or Stainer, shall immediately, in the Presence of such Officer, untie and open every Ream and Bundle of such Paper, and thereupon such Officer shall immediately take an Account of the Quantities and Dimensions of all fucu Paper, and immediately upon taking such Account thereof shall, according to the Directions of an Act

6 made

Persons sued may plead the General Hue.

[Treble Costs.]

Act may be altered or repealed this Session.

There shall be paid on the Articles mentioned in annexed Schedules A and B, the Duties therein set forth, and Drawbacks allowed as specified in Schedules C and D, as also all special Allow- -ances.

For Paper delivered after April 5, t3oi, on Centrals prior thereto, an Equivalent to the Duty may be added to the Pi ice.

Brown Paper (except made from old Ropes or Cordage alone) shall be deemed Coloured Paper of the Second ?4 Geo. 3. c. 20. No Paper shall be painted for Hangings, except 'uch whereon the Duty on Paper of the FirII ClaCl mentioned in this Act shall lu \e been charged, nor unlelV produced to the Ullrerof Excise* in the orip'm-1 C- v anc c; : .1

41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

hi* Presence, vho shall take an Account tlu'uvif, and (lamp it according to Law.

[Sec r Geo. r. i\. 2. c. 36. §17. 10 An. c. 19.]

§ ?9, See.]

From April 5, iSor, if any Maker Hir.ll dint i nil h Paper before charged by the Officer, it may be seized. Prize Tea fold purfunnt to 33 Geo. 3. c. 34, liable to the additional Duty.

Duties shall be carried to the Consolidated Fund.

Application of Duties.

[Commencement of Act.]

made in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, among other Things, for preventing Frauds in the Duties relating to printed, painted, and stained Paper, mark or stamp every Sheet and Piece thereof with a Stamp or Seal already provided or to be provided in pursuance of an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Arne, for the granting of the Duties on printed, painted, or stained Paper, to serve for Hangings and other Uses, thereby to denote that such Account has been taken of such Paper; and no Officer or Officers of Excise shall, on any Pretence whatever, mark or stamp with such Stamp any Paper, except such' Paper as shall be or shall have been previously so produced and opened as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one, if any Maker or Makers of Paper shall cut or otherwise diminish any Paper before the lame shall be taken account of, and weighed and charged by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, every such Maker or Makers of Paper shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with all the Paper which shall be so cut or di-miniffied, and such Paper shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Tea taken and condemned as Prize, and sold by the Captors or their Agents, under and pursuant to the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, prescribed by an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes with ref pell to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom, shall be subject and liable to the additional Duty by this Act imposed on Tea.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising bj the Duties by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

X. Provided always, anti be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising or to arise by the said Rates and Duties, or any of them, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the encreased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created or to be created by virtue of any Act or Act passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of Ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of Ten Years, a Book or Books in which all the Moniesr arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purposes of defraying such encreased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect as to Tea, from the Day mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and as to all other Articles, Matters, and Things, from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE A.

PAPER.

FOR every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Paper, fit or proper, or that may be used for or applied to the A Uses or Purposes of Writing, Drawing, and Printing, or either of them, and of all Elephant Papers, and all Cartridge Papers, which shall be imported into Great Britain, whether by the East India Company or otherwise (except Paper of the Manufacture of and imported from Ireland), a Custom Duty of Ten-pence.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all such Papers which shall be made in Great Britain, or which shall be made in Ireland, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, an Excise Duty of Two-pence Halfpenny.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Coloured Papers and Whited Brown Papers, fit and proper for the Use or Purpose of wrapping up Goods, and not fit or proper or capable of being used for or applied to the Uses or Purposes of Writing, Drawing, and Printing, or either of them, which shall be imported into Great Britain, whether by the East India Company or otherwise (except Paper of the Manufacture of and imported from Ireland), a Custom Duty of Four-pence.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all such Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, or which shall be made in Ireland, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, an Excise Duty of One Penny.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Brown Paper, fit and proper for the Use or Purpose of wrapping up Goods, and not fit or proper or capable of being used for or applied to the Uses or Purposes of Writing, Drawing, and Printing, or either of them, which shall be imported into Great Britain, whether by the East India Company or otherwise (except Paper of the Manufacture of and imported from Ireland), a Custom Duty of T wo-pence.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all such Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, or which shall be made in Ireland, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, an Excise Duty of One Halfpenny.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of every Sort or Kind of Paper not before enumerated or described, which shall be imported into Great Britain, whether by the East India Company or otherwise (except of the Manufacture of and imported from Ireland), a Custom Duty of Ten-pence.

I For

C. 8

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.)

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all such non-enumerated Papers (other than and except Papers commonly called and known by the Names of Sheathing Paper and Button Paper, or Button Board), wh.cn Iliad be jnxie in Great Britain, or which shall be made in Inland, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, an Excise Duty of Two-pence Halfpenny.

For even' One Hundred Weight of Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, which shall be imported into Great Britain, whether by the East India Company or otherwise (except of the Manufacture of and imported from Ireland), a Custom Duty of Twenty Shillings.

For every One Hundred Weight of Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, which shall be made in Great Britain, or which shall be made in Ireland, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, an Excise Duty of Ten Shillings and Sixpence; and so in Proportion for every greater or less Quantity of the same respectively.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of printed, painted, or (lained Paper for Hangings, which shall be imported into Great Britain, whether by the East India Company or otherwise (except of the Manufacture of and imported from Ireland), a Custom Duty of Sixpence.

For every Yard Square of Irish printed, painted, or (lained Paper to serve for Hangings or other Uses, which shall be imported into Great Britain from Ireland, an Excise Duty of One Penny.

For every One Hundred Weight of Books, bound or unbound, which shall be imported into Great Brdahn, whether by the East India Company or otherwise (except from Ireland), a Custom Duty of One Pound ^hree Sh.VII-'gs and Four-pence; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Books, bound or unbound, and of Maps or Prints, W'hifh shall be imported into Great Britain from Ireland, an Excise Duty of Two-pence.

SCHEDULE B.

TEA.

TOR and upon all Tea which, from and after the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and one, thd! be sold at the Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies for Tw o S/n'IIings and Sixpence per Pound Weight or upwards, an Excise Duty of Ten Pounds per Centum, to be computed upon the gross Pnces at which such Tea shall be sold.

SCHEDULE C.

DRAWBACKS.

PAPER.

pOR all Paper of the Manufacture of Ireland, imported into Great Britain, and for all Paper made in Great Britain, which shall be exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts or to Ireland, a Drawback of the federal and respective Duties imposed by this Act, w'hich shall have been paid for the same.

For all printed Books made of Paper of the First Class, which shall contain the Water Mark of the present Year One thousand eight hundred and one, or of some subsequent Year of our Lord, and which shall be exported to Foreign Parts or to Ireland, by any Printer or Bookseller, a Drawback of Two-pence per Pound.

For aH ruled Account Books made of Paper of the First Class, which shall contain the Water Mark of the prrfent Year One thousand eight hundred and one, or of some subsequent Year of our Lord, and which shall be exported to Foreign Parts or to Ireland, by any Stationer, a Drawback of Two-penceJ>er Pound.

For all PapcT of the First Class which shall contain the Water Mark of the present Year One thousand eight hundred and one, or of some subsequent Year of our Lord, and which shall be used in the printing of any Books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental, or Northern Languages, within the University of Oxford or Cambridge, by Per-raisiton of the Vice Chancellor of the same respectively, or within the Universities of Scotland, or either of them, hv Permission of the Principals of the same respectively, a Drawback of the whole Duty imposed by this Act, which shall have been paid for such Paper.

nd for Paper of the First Class w'hich shall contain the Water Mark of the present Year One thousand eight hundred and one, or of some subsequent Year of our Lord, and which shall be used in the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or either of them, by Permission of the Vice Chancellor of the same, or used by the King's Printers in England or Scotland, in the printing of Bibles, Testaments, Psalm Books, Books of Common Prayer of the Church of England, the Book commonly called or known in Scotland by the Name of The Cotfession of daub, or the larger or shorter Catechism of the Church of Scotland, a Drawback of Tw'o-pence per Pound.

SCHEDULE D.

DRAWBACK.

TEA.

T70R all Tea (for which the Duty imposed by this Act in respect thereof shall have been paid), which shall be x exported to any Place where a Drawback of the Duty on Tea is now allowed by Law, the whole Duty of Excise by this Act imposed in respect thereof.

CAP. IX.

41° GEORGII III. (U.K.)

A.D. 1801.

C. 9.

The additional Duties following shall be paid:

Duty for One Horse:

Duty where Two or more Horses kept:

And Duty for Horses now chargeable at 6l.

Duties to be paid over and above those granted by 38 Geo. 3. c. 41. The Commissioners, &c. for Taxes, to put this A<fl in Execution.

Additional Duties shall be af-, feATed as former Duties on Horses, and the AAs relating to them to extend to this Act.

Act shall not extend to Horses used solely in Stages or Carriages for conveying Passengers for Hire, nor to Hackney Couches.

CAP. IX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Horses in Great Britain; and for exempting from Duty* Horses kept for the Purpose of Husbandry, by Persons holding Farms under a certain Value.

[24/A March 1801.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty

Publick Expences, and making an Addition to the Publick Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That upon every Assessment which shall be made from and after the Fifth Day of Jlpril One thousand eight hundred and one, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout Great Britain, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the further additional Rates and Duties following; that is to say,

Upon every Person keeping and using One Horse, Mare, or Gelding, and no more, for which the Duty of One round Four Shillings is now chargeable by the Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, an additional Duty of Ten Shillings

Upon every Person keeping and using Two or more Horses, Mares, or Geldings, for which a progressive Duty is now chargeable by the Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, an additional Duty of Twenty Shillings for each such Horse, Mare, or Gelding:

And upon every Person keeping any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or any Mule, for which the Duty of Six Shillings is now chargeable by the Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, an additional Duty of Four Shillings for each such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or Mule.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said additional Rates and Duties hereby imposed, shall be paid over and above and in Addition to the respective Rates and Duties granted by a certain Act passed in the Thirty-, eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Horses, Mares, or Geldings.

III. And be it further enacted, That for the better assessing, levying, collecting, and paying the before-mentioned Duties by this Act imposed, the Commissioners authorized or appointed, or who shall hereafter be authorized or appointed, for putting in Execution the Acts relative to the present Duties on Horses, Mares, and Geldings, or any other Duties placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, shall be Commissioners for executing this present Act, with relation to the aforesaid Duty and the Powers herein contained, in all and singular the Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively within Great Britain; and that the several Surveyors, Inspectors, Assessors, and Collectors respectively appointed, or who shall be appointed in Manner aforesaid, shall be Surveyors, Inspectors, Assessors, and Collectors, to put in Execution this present Act, according to the respective Powers and Authorities given to them by any former Acts as herein-before is mentioned; and the said Commissioners and others the Persons aforesaid, being duly qualified to act in the Execution of the said several Acts as before mentioned, shall, and they are hereby respectively impowered and required to do all Things necessary for putting this Act into Execution, with Relation to the aforesaid Rates or Duties hereby imposed, in the like and in as full and as ample a Manner as they or any of them are or is authorized to put in Execution the said several Acts relative to the Rates and Duties on Horses, Mares, and Geldings, or any Matters or Things therein respectively contained.

IV. And be it farther enacted, That the said additional Rates or Duties by this Act imposed, shall be'assessed, raised, levied, collected, received, paid over, and accounted for, in such and the like Form and Manner,

and with such Allowances, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according to such Rules, Methods, and Directionfe, and subject to such Provisoes and Exemptions by which the former Rates and Duties on Horses used as aforesaid, were or might be assessed, raised, levied, collected, received, paid over, and accounted for, or by any of them, as the same now remain in force, and are respectively applicable to the said additional Rates or Duties hereby imposed, and are not altered by this Act; and that all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Exemptions, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to the former Rates and Duties on Horses, or any of them, or any Act or Acts of Parliament therein referred to, and now in force, for the assessing, surcharging, raising, levying, collecting, recovering, receiving, paying, and accounting for the said Rates and Duties thereby granted, as far as the same are respectively applicable to the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, and not repugnant thereto, shall be in force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution throughout Great Britain, for the assessing, surcharging, raising, levying, collecting, recovering, receiving, paying, and accounting for the Rates or Duties by this Act granted, a3 fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Exemptions, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be conftmed to charge with the Rates or Duties by this Act imposed, any Person duly licensed to keep any Carriage whatever

to be employed as a publick Stage Coach or Carriage, for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire from different Places in Great Britain, or any Person licensed by the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs within the Cities of London and Westminster> and the Suburbs thereof, in respect of any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, which is and shall be actually and solely used and employed by any such Person in

drawing

A.D. 1801.

41 GEORGII III. (U.K.)

C. 9, 10.

I7

Duties fixall he

carried to the Confalidated Fund.

Application of Duuci.

drawing such Sjage Coach or Carriage, or any Hackney Coach from Place to Place for Hire j any Thing in any of the said Acts or this Act contained to the contrary thereof, in anywise notwithstanding.

YrI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the said Rates or Duties hereby imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at IVtfim'wsler, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fend.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising or to arise of the Rates or Duties imposed by this A6, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan raised or Stock created or to be created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of Ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt, diflindlly and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of Ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates or Duties hereby imposed and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted or to be granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of detraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

VIII. And whereas by an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof a certain Duty mentioned in Schedule (D) of the said Act was granted

in respect of Horses and Mules hereby charged with an additional Duty; and it is expedient to exempt persons

herein after described as well from the Duty in the said recited Act contained, as from the Duty hereby ' granted be it further enacted, That no Person occupying a Farm the Rack Rent of which shall be less than Twenty Pounds a Year, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or occupying any other Ellate on any Tenure ttherwife than as Tenant at Rack Kent, or such other Estate, together with a Farm at Rack Rent, the Value of which in the Whole shall be less than equivalent to a Farm at the Rack Rent of Twenty Pounds a Year,

(reckoning the Value of every Estate occupied by the Owner thereof on any Tenure, except at Rack Rent, as equivalent to double the like Amount of any Farm at Rack Rent), 'and maxing a Livelihood solely by such Occupation, and keeping not more than Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, in the Whole, shall be chargeable with any of the Duties imposed either by the said recited Act or this Act, for or in respect of such Horse, Mare,

Gelding, or Mule, or such Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, provided such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, or Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, be bondfide kept and uled for the Purposes of Husbandry; any Thing in the said recited Act or this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Provided also, That every Person claiming such Exemption shall duly return in the Lift to be delivered porfuant to the Directions of the said recited Act and other Acts relating to the said Duties, the Number of Horses, Mares, Geldings, and Mules, kept by him or her, and the Value of the Estate or Farm occupied by him or her, to be estimated as aforesaid 5 which Return shall be made to the Inspector or Surveyor of the said l>utics for the District where such Return shall be required, in order that such Inspector or Surveyor may inquire into the Merits of such Return, and that such Exemption may not be claimed contrary to the Intent of this A cl, and for that Purpose such Alterations shall be made in the Form prescribed by the hud recited Act as the Case may require.

CAP. I

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes* See?/*> c.b6Jfr and Insurances; and on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds.

[24th March 1801.] '* n ' Mo ft Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's ' Publick Ex peaces, and making a permanent Addition to the Publick Revenue, have freely and voluntanly re-

Folved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech

Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent o/the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiem* bled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any of the several Matters herein after mentioned shall be engrossed, printed, or written, the respective Stamp Duties following; that is to say, flialtl* paid in Great Britain, vit.

Any Bill of Exchange, Draft, or Order, for the Payment of Money on Demand, for which any Stamp Bills of Ex

Duty is charged by an Act of the Thirty-fu ll Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be engrossed, an*' c*

written, or printed, in Great Britain, where the Sum expressed therein shall amount to Forty Shillings, and shall Dot exceed the Sum of Five Pounds and Five Shillings, the additional Sum of Two-pence

And where such Sum shall exceed Five Pounds and Five Shillings, and shall not exceed Thirty Pounds, the additional Sum of Four-pence

And where such Sum shall exceed Thirty Pounds, and shall not exceed Fifty Pounds, the additional Sum of Sixpence:

And where such Sum shall exceed Fifty Pounds, and shall not exceed One hundred Pounds, the additional Sum of Eight -pence;

41 Gc9. III. (U.KJ P And

38 Geo. 3. c. 41, recited.

Farmers St Rack. Rents, under 20l. See. not keeping more than Two Horses, and used in Husbandry, exempted from the Duty under recited Act or this Act.

Persons claiming such Exemption shall return in their Lifts, the Number of Horses kept, and the Value of their Farms.

The following additional Stamp Duties

payable on Demand

From 4<V. lo 5l. 5*. zd.

From 5l. $s. to 4//.

From 30l. u> foZ. 6d.

50l. to001. Zds

C. io.

41° GEORGII III. ( A.D. 180t.

tool. U3 200l. 1#.

&c. payable otherwise than on Demand: 40*. to 40l. 4V. 30l. to 50.'. 6: /.

50l. to iool. 8<f.

100l. to 200l. II.

On all Bills of Exchange above 200l. ix. 4: Notes payable to the Beai er on Demand rc-issuable where first iffned:

40x. to'5l. 5r. 2<tf. 5l. 5X. to 30l. 4</.

30l. to 50l. 6rf. 50l. to iool. Sd. joo/. to tool. I/.

frfotes cm Demand re-i tillable at any Place:

40*. to 5l. 5x. 4d.

5l. 5*. to 30l. 8d,

Notes payable otherwise than to the Bearer on Demand:

40s. to 30l. 4d. 31L to 50l. 6 '. jot to ico/. 8d:

too!, to 200l. ix.

On all Notes »bo\e20o/.ix<44&

Insurances on Ships, Goods,

&t.

i*. 6d. for every 100l. or part of

roc/.

Where the premium is only io#rpcr cent. it. 2d. duty per 100l. kc.

And on Inden-«urt*. % itc. liable to jr. by 37 Geo. 3. c. 90, 3x. additional, and fee

And where such Sum shall exceed One hundred Pound?, and shall not exceed Two hundred Pound, the additional Sum of One Shilling: 9

Any Bill of Exchange, Draft, or Ovder; payable otherwise than on Demand, shall be engrossed, written, or printed, in Great Britain, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, {halt amount to Forty Shillings, and shall not exceed Thirty Pound?, the additional Sum of hour-pence

And where such Sum shall exceed Thirty Pounds, and shall not exceed Fifty Pounds, the additional Sum of Sixpence:

And where such Sum shall exceed Fifty Pounds, and shall not exceed One hundred Pounds, the additional Sum of Eight-pence

And where such Sum shall exceed One hundred Pounds, and shall not exceed Two hundred Pounds, the additional Sum of One Shilling

Any Bill of Exchange whatever shall be engrossed, written, or printed in Great Britain, where the Sum expressed therein shall exceed Two hundred Pounds, the additional Sum of One Shilling and Four-pence

Any Promissory Note, or other Note for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand, shall be engrossed, written, or printed in Great Britain, which may be re-issuable from Time to Time after Payment, at the Place Where the same was first issued, but not Otherwise, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to Forty* Shillings, and shall not exceed Five Pounds and Five Shillings, the additional Sum of Two-pence:

And where such Sum shall exceed Five Pounds and Five Shillings, and shall not exceed Thirty Pounds, the additional Sum of Four-pence:

And where such Sum shall exceed Thirty Pounds, and shall not exceed Fifty Pounds, the additional Sum of Sixpence:

And where such Sum shall exceed Fifty Pounds, and shall not exceed One hundred Pounds, the additional Sum of Eight-pence

And where inch Sum shall exceed One hundred Pounds, and shall not exceed Two hundred Pounds, the additional Sum of One Shilling

Any Promissory Note, or other Note for the Payment of Money on Demand, shall be engrossed, written, or printed, in Great Britain, which may be re-issued from Time to Time after any Payment, at the same Place, or any other Place than where the same was first issued, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to Forty Shillings, and shall not exceed Five Pounds and Five Shillings, the additional Sum of Four-pence:

And where such Sum shall exceed Five Pounds and Five Shillings, and shall not exceed Thirty Pounds, the additional Sum of Eight-pence:

Any Promissory Note, or other Note payable otherwise than to the Bearer on Demand, shall be engrossed, Written, or printed, in Great Britain, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to Forty Shillings, and shall not exceed Thirty Pounds, the additional Sum of FouF-pence

And where such Sum shall exceed Thirty Pounds, and shall not exceed Fifty Pounds, the additional Sum of Sixpence

And where such Sum shall exceed Fifty Pounds, and shall not exceed One hundred Pounds, 4he additional

Sum of Eight-pence

And where such Sum shall exceed One hundred Pounds, and shall not exceed Two hundred Pounds, the additional Sum of One Shilling:

Any Promissory Jsfote, or other Note payable on Demand or otherwise, shall he engrossed, written, or printed, in Great Britain, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall exceed Two hundred Pounds, the additional Sum of One Shilling and Four-pence:

Any Insurance upon any Ship or Ships, Goods, or Merchandize, or upon any other Property or Interest whereon Insurances may lawfully be ma<u, shall be engrossed, written, or printed, in Great Britain, where the Sum to be insured shall amount to One hundred Pounds, the additional Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and so progressively for every Sum of One hundred Pounds insured

Arid where the Sum insured shall not amount to One hundred Pounds, the like additional Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence:

And tvhere the Sum to be insured shall exceed One hundred Pounds, or any progressive Sums of One hundred Tounds each, by any fractional Part of One hundrOd Pounds, the like additional Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence for such fractional Part of One hundred Pounds; to be paid by the Assured in such Insurances respectively:

Any Insurance or Insurances made in Great Britain, where the Premium or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium actually and bond side paid, given, or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of Ten Shillings, where the Sum so to be insured shall amount to One hundred Pounds, the additional Stamp Duty of One Shilling and Three-pence; and so progressively for every Sum of One hundred Pounds so insured

And where the Slim so to be insured shall not amount to One hundred Pounds, a like additional Stamp Duty of Or.e Shilling and Three-pence

And where the Sum so to be insured shall exceed One hundred Pounds, or any progressive Sums of One hundred Pounds each, by any fractional Part of One hundred Pounds, a like additional Stamp Duty of One Shilling and Three-pence for such fractional Part of One hundred Pounds, to be paid by the Assured in such Insurances respectively:

Any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, for which a Stamp Duty of Three Shillings is chargeable by an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be engrossed, written, or p/Lted, in Great Britain) the additional Sum of Three Shillings.

c. »6. §1.3 II. Pro-

C. io.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall Extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with any Stamp Duty by this Act imposed, any Policy of Infuftncc made and entered into for infaring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or other Property, from Loss by Fire, whereon the Duty imposed by an Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for charging a Duty on Pei font nvhofe Properly shall be injured against Loft by Fire, shall have been thdy paid; nor any Insurance made or entered into for insuring any Events or Contingencies relative to a Life or Lives, whereon the Duty imposed by the Laws in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, shall have been duly paid.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to charge any Foreign Bills of Exchange drawn in Sets/ according to the C r.liom of Merchants, with any additional Duty higher than alter the following Rate; that is to say, where the Suns expressed in such Bills, or made payable thereby, shall not exceed One hundred Pounds, there shall be charged an additional Stairp Duty of Four-pence; and where such Sum shall exceed One hundred Pounds, and shall not exceed Two hundred Pounds, an additional Stamp Duty of Sixpence; and where such Sum shall exceed Two hundred Pounds, an additional Stamp Duty of Eight-pence: Provided, That every Bill of each Set of such Bills so drawn, shall be charged, and every such Bill is hereby declared to be chargeable with the like additional Duty, according to the Rate above-mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Duties charged on any of the Matters and Things herein-before mentioned, shall be paid, oyct and above the Duties payable by Law on the same respectively, on and immediately before the passing of this Act; and that the said Duties nereby granted shall be under the Government, Care* and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Purpose; and in order to denote any of the fevered Duties payable by Virtue of this Act, whenever they fee Occasion, to use such Stamps as shall have been heretofore provided to denote any former Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or to cause new Stamps to be provided for that Purpose, or for the Purpose of denoting the former Duties, and also the Duties granted by this Act, and to alter or renew the same respectively from Time to Time, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act into Execution with relation to the said several Duties heretn-before granted, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are authorized to put in Execution any former Law concerning Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Persons who shall, ort the respective Days appointed for the Commencement of the respective Duties hereby granted, have in their Custody or Possession any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, stamped or marked with any Stamp or Mark, or Stamps or Marks, used to denote any of the respective Duties now payable by Law on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, by virtue of any Act or Acts in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, and upon which Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, any Duty is hereby imposed in addition to the Duties now payable thereon, at any Time to bring or fend such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, to the said Commissioners at their Head Office, in Middlesex, who, or their Officers under them, are hereby authorized and required, on Payment of the respective Duties by this Act imposed, to the Receiver General of the said Duties, or to some Person or Persons to be authorized by him for such Purpose, to cause such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, to be duly stamped and marked with the proper Stamp or Mark, or Stamps or Marks, to denote the Payment of the respective Duties hereby imposed, c.r at the Election of the Person or Persons bringing such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, to cause the same to be cancelled, and other Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, to be stamped with the proper Stamps of the like Value with the Amount of the Stamps so cancelled, and of the Duties payable by Virtue of this Act, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly, any Sum of Money or Connderation whatever (other than the Duty hereby imposed) for the same ? and all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, stamped or marked by virtue of any Act or Acts now in force as aforesaid, on which any Matter or Thing shall be engrossed, printed, or written, ufter the respective Days appointed hereby for the Commencement of the said respective Duties, which shall not be brought to the said Head Office, shall he, and is hereby declared to be of no other Effect or Use than if the same had not been so stamped; and the Matters and Things which shall, after the respective Days appointed for the Commencement of the said respective Duties, be engrossed, printed, or written thereon, shall be of no other Effect than if the same Matters and Things had been engrossed, printed, or written, on undamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Promissory Note or other Note, which, by any Act or Acts in force-on and immediately before the passing of this Act, is allowed to be again issued under certain Regulations therein contained, shall, from and after the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and one, be again issued after Payment thereof, until the same shall have been brought to the said Head Office to be stamped with a proper Stamp; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to (lamp the fame, or cause the same to be damped, on Pavinent of the Duty by this Act imposed, on Proof on Oath, or solemn Affirmation or Affidavit, before the said Commissioners (which Oath or solemn Affirmation the said Commissioners, or any One or more of them, is or aitr, or any Persons duly authorized to take Affidavits in Matters depending in any of the fnpeiior Courts of Law or Equity, is hereby authorized to administer), that the same hath not been, after any Payment thereof, again issued finCe the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and one, and that the same have not been laid alide for the Purpose of being cancelled, at any Time before the passing of this Adi$ and any such Promissory or other Notes which shall be (irll issued or negociated after the said Fifth Day o&June One thousand eight hundred and one, and which may be re-issued after any Payment thereof according to the Regulations of the said Act again issued, being also first stamped with the proper Stamp to denote the Duty by this Act imposed, may be again issued from Time to Time in the Manner allowed by the said Acts respectively

<19

A<fl (ha! : v»t extend to Insurance from Loffej by Fire, nor on Lives.

22 Geo. 3. c. 4?.

Duties on F«>^ reign Bi!i; l>( Exchange, fyr 100l. or under,

4 /. 100l. to 2co/. fd. Above 200l.

Duties shall be paid over and above formal Duties, and be under the Management of the Commilboners lor Stamps.

Persons having Parchments, Ue. with the preknt Stamps, may* (after Commencement of the new Duties, fee §14), have them properly damped or exchanged; but if not done, the InstrumentJ written thereon (halt be of no

Effect.

No Note now

re-issuable, shall be so, after Ju!*fe 5, iitor, until f roperly stampt, which may be done under certain Condition*, &c.

20

Act Gull nert extend to Insurance> from any one Port in Great Britain, Ireland, Guernsey, Stc. to any other Port therein.

Penalty of felony, without Benefit of Clergy, for counterfeiting Stamps, &c.

Powers of AA* in force at paiTing this Act extended to this Act.

Where a Dif-count of 16l. per Cent, is allowed, (under 37GC0.3. r.90. §33»Ac.), for Newspapers a further l>iU iountot'4l. 101. shall be allowed.

Duties shall be paid to the Receiver General of Stamps, to be carried to the Consolidated fund.

Commence-jnent of Du-Jm.

C. 10, 11. 410 GEORGII IE. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

and all Rules, Regulations, Duties, and Penalties prescribed or imposed by the said Acts, or any of them, with respect to the stamping such Promissory or other Notes in order to issue the same from Time to Time, or with respect to the issuing or negociating or cancelling such Notes after Payment thereof, shall be applied and put in Prafti*e with respectc to the securing the Duties by this Act imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been severally enabled in the Body of this Asti

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be condoled to extend, to charge with the additional Rate or Duty by this Act granted, any Insurance or Insurances upon Ships, Goods, or Merchandizes, or other Property or Intered whatever, for any Voyage to or from any Part or Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland', or the I Hands oi Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sark, or the Isle of Man, from or to auy other Port or Place in the said Kingdom, or in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sark, or the Isle of Man; any Tiling in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding*.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Stamp directed or allowed to be used by this Act, or provided, made, or used for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this Act granted as aforesaid, or any of them, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the lame with an Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs or Succedors, of any of the said Duties, or shall utter, ' vend, or sell, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, liable to any Stamp Duty by this Act imposed, with such counterfeit Staipp or Mark thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit, or shall privately or fraudulently use any Stamp directed or allowed to be used by this Act, with Intent to defraud His Majesty of the said Duties, then every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Methods, Articles, Clauses, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Distributions of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, relating to the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper (and not hereby altered), shall, as far as the same are respectively applicable, be of full Force and Effect with relation to the additional and other Duties herein-before mentioned, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing the said additional and other Duties, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had sevenuly and respectively been hereby re-enacted, with relation to the (kid additional and other Duties.

X. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where, by an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, a Discount of Sixteen Pounds per Centum, on the Sums now payable for Duties imposed on Newspapers, shall be allowed by the said Commissioners to the Proprietors, Printers, or Publishers of such Newspapers, who shall not have advanced the Price thereof beyond the Price in the said Act mentioned, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to grant a further Allowance, by way of Discount, of Four Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum, on the Sums so payable for Duties, to the said Proprietors, Printers, or Publish-ers, amounting in the Whole to Twenty Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum, in the like Manner and under the like Conditions as is directed by the said Act made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in respect of the Discount thereby allowed; and the (kid Commissioners shall cause the (kid Amount or Discount so to be allowed, to be marked on such Newspapers, in the Manner the Discount of Sixteen Pounds per Centum was directed to be marked by the said Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the several Duties herein-before mentioned, shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General, for the Time being, of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall pay the Came (the necessary Charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, at such Time and in such Manner as the Duties charged on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid; and the said Money so paid into the (kid Receipt as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

Application of Duties (as under f 7. of c. 9.) — §12."

M Limitation of Actions, for Matters done in pursuance of this Act, six Months. General Issue; treble Cods. " $ IS-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties hereby granted, shall respectively commence and take Effect as follows; that is to say, the said Duties on Insurances, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one 5 the said Duties on Bills of Exchange, Notes, Drafts, or Orders, from and after the Fifth ©ay of June One thousand eight hundred and one, in that Part of Great Britain called' England, and from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and one, in that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland; and the said Duties on Indentures, Leaks, Bonds, and other Deeds, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one.

CAP. XI.

An Act for punishng Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[24th March 1801.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a Standing Army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and«W Ireland in Time of Peace, unless it be with the Consent of Parliament, is against Law: And whereas > it is judged necessary by His Majesty, and his present Parliament, that a Body of Forces should he continued

for

21

A.D. 1801.

41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) C. 10, ri.

for the Safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of the Possessions of His Majesty's Crown, and the Prefemrion of the Balance of Power in Europe; and that the whole Number of such Forces should consist of Eighty-five thousand nine hundred and forty effective Men, including Seven thousand seven hundred and fifteen

Invalids: And whereas no Man can be forejudged of Life or Limb, or subjected in Time of Peace to any

Kind of Punishment within this Realm, by Martial Law, or in any other Manner than by the Judgment of his

Peers, and according to the known and established Law's of this Realm; yet nevertheless it being requi-

site, for the retaining all the before-mentioned Forces in their Duty, that an exact Discipline be observed, and ' that Soldiers who mall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert His Majesty's Service, be brought to a more ' exemplary and speedy Punishment than the usual Forms of the Law will allow; 9 be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person who is or shall be commimoned or in Pay as an Officer, or who is or shall be lifted or in Pay as a Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, shall, at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, begin, excite, cause, or join in, any Mutiny or Sedition, in any Regiment, Troop, or Company, either of His Majesty's Land or Marine Forces, or shall not u£e his utmost Endeavours to suppress the fame, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutinyr or- in- mutiny, &c, tended Mutiny, shall not without Delay give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall mi {behave himself before the Enemy 5 or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Poll, or ? abandon any Guard, committed to his Charge, or which he shall be commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or omc Uc' Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress, or Post, to deliver up to the Enemy, or to abandon the same

or shall speak Words, or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer, or others, to or induce mzfbchavc before the Enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard, otj1*'*10 do die committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall leave his Poll lkej hrioonr relieved; or shall be found sleeping on his Post; or shall hold Correspondence with, or give Advice or Intel- or shall b^fcund kgence tof any Rebel or Enemy of His Majesty, either by Letters, Mcffages, Signs, or Tokens, in any Manner sleeping upon, or or Wiy whatsoever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with such Rebel or Enemy, without His Majesty's <icicrt

7 T Am mA a - ^mm k. m m J mm m mm ^11 il^l.^_r__4rr_i_____ n 1 r'Port, or hold

Number of Foiccj ^5, 940^, including 7, 715 Invalids.

Every Officer or private Man, during the Continuance ofthi* Art, who Audi

Licetce, or Licence of the General, or Chief Commander; or shall strike or use any Violence against his fupe-mr Officer, being in the Execution of his Office; or shall disobey any lawful Command of his superior Officer $ with E^niies or or dull desert H is Majesty's Service; all and every Person and Persons so offending in any of the Matters Rebels; before mentioned, whether such Offence shall be committed within this Realm, or in any other ef His Majesty's or shall strike.or Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, upon Land, or upon the Sea, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment a6 d.lfw*J3Jll, s lu^' by a Court-martial shall be awanled. SSi dftwi:

suffer Death, or such Punishment as a Court-martial shall inflirt.

II. Provided, and it is hereby declared and enabled, That any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, inlisted Non-commis-

or in Pay in any Regiment, Troop, or Company, who shall, without having full obtained a regular Discharge 0J^cers

therefrom, inlist himself in any other Regiment, Troop or Company, shall be deemed to have deserted His Ma- j-^j jn any"1" jesty's Service, and shall in like Manner suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court-martial shall be other Regiment^ awarded. & c. shall be deemed Detcrters.

III. And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether Soldiers, who of Right belong to another Corps in which Deserter* who*they first infilled, and from which they have not obtained a Discharge, may be proceeded against and tried: flaail irilitf in

for deferring any Corps in which they may afterwards have inlisted, or for any Crime committed by them whilst another Regiserving therein be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person who is or shall be lifted or in Pay, as a Soldier, in any Regiment, Troop, or Company, in His Majesty's Service, shall desert die fame, or a Court-martial shall, while serving therein, commit any Offence against this Act, or against the Rules or Articles of War, infuchRegi-such Person shall be liable to be tried by a Court-martial, and punished in like Manner as if he had origi- aicut, &c. nally inlisted in, and of Right belonged to the fame* notwithstanding it shall have been discovered or known -that he had previously belonged to some other Regiment, Troop, or Company, and had not been discharged-therefrom: Provided always, That if such Person shall be claimed by such other Regiment* Troop, or Company, and be proceeded against as a Deserter therefrom, his subsequent Desertion from any One or more Corps in which he may have unwarrantably infilled, may (unless he shall already have been tried for the fame^ be given in Evidence as. an Aggravation of his Crime; previous Notice being always given to such Deserter of the Fadl or Facls intended to be produced in Evidence upon his Trial.

IV. And be it further enacted and declared, That in the Case of any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier

tried and convicted of Desertion, whensoever the Court-martial, which shall* pass Sentence upon such Trial* shall not think the Offence deferying of Capital Punishment, such Court-martial may, inilead of* awarding a Corporal Punishment, adjudge the Offender, if they shall think fit, to serve as a Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier in any of the Corps stationed in any of his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, or in Foreign Parts, for Life, or for a certain Term of Years, according to the Degree of the Offence: And if but reluming such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier shall afterwards (without Leave from His Majesty, oi* from thte Commanding Officer of the Corps, in which he shall be appointed to serve) return into any rarfof the United Kingdom of Great Britain, and Ireland, before the Expiration of the Term limited by such Sentence, and shall Term, he shall, be convicted thereof by a Court-martial, he shall suffer Death. suffer Death.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That His Majesty may, from Titne to Time, The King may

grant a Commission, under the Royal Sign Manual, for the holding of General Cotu ta.inartial within the Sfan'a Commit-

United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in like Manner as has been heretofore used; and may also cx- -°n uf ol ing

tend His Royal Warrant to any General Officer having the chief Command of a Body of Forces, within the fame, authorizing him to convene General Courts-martial for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the

Forces under his Command j and that His Majesty may likevuife, from Time to Tiw* by His Royal Comm#- and iray era-

' fion, power the Ghicfi

Defrrter may adjudged to serve in any Corps abroad for Lile, or for a Term of Year*;

Courts-martial, See.

22 C. il. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K) A.D. 1801.

fion, empower the Chief Governor or Governors of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, to appoint General Courts-martial, as well as to direct his or their Warrant To any General Officer, having the chief Command of a Body of Troops within the same, authorizing him to convene General Courts-martial, ns Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Forces under his Command; nrd also that His Majesty may grant His Warrant to the Governor of Gibraltar, and of any other of His Maidty's Dominions beyond the Seas respectively, or to the Person or Persons there commanding in Chief Hi* Maidiy's Forces for the Time being, for convening, or authorizing any Officer not under the Degree of a Field Officer, to convene General Courts-martial for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Forces under their rt-spettive Command; all which General Courts-martial shall be conllituted, and shall regulate their Proceedings according to the several Pntvisions herein after specified.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Courts-martial, by their Sentence or Judgment, to infiitt Corporal Punishment, not extending to I hie or .Limb, on any Soldier for Immoralities, Misbehaviour, or Neglect of Duty.

Governor, &c. oi'I reland, to appoint Coum-martial in that Past of the United Kingdom, 5cc.

ar.d may grant His Warrant to the Governor of Gibraltar, 5cc. for the Iike Purpose.

Courts-martial may inflid Cor* poial Punish-nvent for Itnmo-lalities, &c.

None shall lx? tried a Second Time for the same CWfc nrc,

xcept in Cases of Appeal.

No Sentence to be reviled more than once.

Not to exempt Soldiers from ordinary Proceedings of Law

Persons accused of capital Crimes, &c.

veredovertotl»€ Regiment, Troop, Company, or Party, is and are hereby required to use his utmost Endeavours to deliv Civil Magifliau-, Aich accused Person to the Civil Magistrate; and shall also be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Justice in the seizing and apprehending such Offender, in order to bring him to Trial: And if any such Commanding Officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over any such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate, or to be aiding or afhfting to the Officers of Justice in apprehending such Offenders; every such Officer so offending, and being thereof convicted, before any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County where the Fatt is committed, by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses, shall be deemed and taken to be ipso faSo cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in His Majesty's Service; provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to the Judge-advocate in London, if such Conviction shall be affirmed in Great Britain, or to the Judge-advocate in Dublin, if such Conviction shall be affirmed in Ireland; and the said Judge-advocates respectively in London or in Dublin are hereby obliged to certify the same to the next Court-martial, which shall be holden in London or in Dublin respectively.

X. Provided also, That no Person or Persons, being acquitted or convicted of any capital Crimes, Violences, or Offences, by the Civil Magistrate, shall be liable to be punished by a Court-martial for the fame, otherwise than by cashiering*

VII. Provided always, and be it hereby declared and enatted, That no Officer or Soldier, being acquitted or convicted of any Offence, shall be liable to be tried a Second Time by the same or any other Court-martial for the same Offence, unless in the Case of an Appeal from a Regimental to a General Court-martial, and that no Sentence given by any Court-martial, and signed by the President thereof, shall be liable to be reviled more than once.

reviled more

VIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Att contained shall extend, or be construed to exempt any Officer or Soldier whatsoever from being proceeded against by the ordinary Course of Law.

IX. Provided also, That if any Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, Or Si Idier, shall be accused of any Capital Crime, or of any Violence or Offence against the Person, El bate, or Property, of any of His Majesty's Subjects, which is punishable by the known Laws of the Land; the Commanding Officer or Officers of every

TV?Ton« acquitted, &c. by the Civil Magistrate, may only be ca*

fhiered by a Court-martial.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no General Court-martial, which shall be held under the Authority of this Att, shall consist of a less Number than Thirteen Commission Officers; except the same shall be holden in Africa, or in Ntru> South Wales, in which Places such General Court -martini may consist of any Number not less than Five; of whom none shall be under the Degree of a Corn million Office r; r.or shall the President of any General Court-martial be the Commander in Chief, nor Govtmoi* of the Garrison where the Offender shall be tried, nor under the Degree of a Field Officer, unless where a Field Officer cannot be had; nor in any Case whatsoever under the Dtgree of a Captain; and that all General Courts-martial shall have Fewer and Authority, and are hereby required to administer an Oath to every Witness, in order to the Examination or Trial of any of the Offences that shall come before them..be a Field Officer or Officer next in Seniority, not under the Div.ive of a Captain. Comt<-martial may ndminister Oaths to WimefTt s.

Officers shall be

XII. Provided always, That in all Trials by General Courts-martial, to be held by virtue of this Att, every lvorn* Member assisting at such Trial, before any Proceedings be held thereupon, shall take the following Oaths upon the Holy Eyangdifts, before the Judge-advocate or his Deputy, (who are hereby authorized to adnftr.ifler the fame); that is to say,

6nthstot>e ta-«W OU shall well and truly try and determine, according to your Evidence in the Matter new before ken by all Mem-, 1 ' So help you GOD.'

fcers of a General Jr r '

Court-martial.

General Court-martial shall not

consist of less than 13 (except in Africa, or in Nexv Sout^i Y/ales, where ihey shall consist of Five at teaft; ) and the President shall

Aftcttion; and, if any Doubt shall arise, which is not explained by the said Articles or Act of Parliament, according to my Confidence, the best of my Understanding, and the Custom of War in the like Cases: And

1

*3

A.D. 1801» 4i* GEORGII III. (U.K.) C. 11.

I farther fw^ar. That I w!U not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be approved by His Majesty*

or by ibme Person duly authorized by him; neither will I, upon any Account, at any Time whatsoever, dif-

close or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give

Evidence thereof as a Witness, by a Court of Justice, in a due Course of Law: 'So help me GO IV

And so soon as the said Oaths shall have been a.lministered to the respective Members, the President of the The Judge-Court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge-advocate, or the Person officiating as such, advocate to be an Oath, in the following Words: sworn.

I A.B. do swear, That I will not, upon any Account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote The Oath. 4* or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof, as*a 4 Witness, by a Court of Justice, in a due Course of Llw: 'So help me GOD.'

And no Sentence of Death shall be given against any Offender in such Case by any General Court-martial, unless Nine Officers present shall concur therein; (except such General Court-martial shall be holden in Africa, or in Nnv South IVale s'); and in all.Cases where a Court-martial fhidl consist of more Officers than Thirteen, and also in Africa, and in New South Wales, when the same shall consist of a lesser Number of Officers, then the Judgment shall pass by the Concurrence of Two Thirds at the leait of the Officers present: And no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence, but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Three in the Afternoon, except in Cases which require an immediate Example: Provided also, That all Witnesses duly summoned by the Judge-advocate, or the Person officiating as such, shall, during their DtceiTary Attendance in such Courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest in like Manner as Witnesses attending any of His Majesty's Courts of Law are privileged; and that if any such Witness shall be unduly arrested, he shall be discharged from such Arrett by the Court out of which the Writ or Precefs issued by which such Witness was arrested, or if the Court out of which the Writ or Process blued be w>t fitting, then by any Judge of the Court of King's Bench, in London or in Dublin, according as the Case fcaH require, upon its being made appear to such Court or Judge by Affidavit in a summary Way, that such Witness was arrested in going to or returning from, or attending upon such Court-martial; and that all Wit-redes so duly summoned as aforesaid, who shall not attend on such Courts, shall be liable to be attached in the Coart of King's Bench, in London or Dublin respectively, upon Complaint made to the said Court of King's Bench, in like Manner as if such Witness had neglecteil to attend on a Trial in any Criminal Proceeding in that Court.

In Sentence? of Death, what Number of Officers shall concur, See.

Hours of Trial.

Witnesses attending Courts-martial privileged from Ar-relts.

Witnesses not attending liable to be attached.

XIII. ' And whereas it may be expedient in certain Cases, and particularly in such Matters wherein any of His Majesty's Marine Forces may be interested, that Officers of the Marines shall be associated with Officers of the Land Forces, for the Purpose of holding Courts-martial; be it enacted and declared, That when and as eften as it may be nefcefTary, it shall and may be lawful for Officers of the Land and Marine Forces to fit in Conjunction upon Courts-martial, and to proceed in the Trial of any Officer or Soldier of the Land Forces, iz like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Courts-martial were composed of Officers of the Land Forces only; and the Officers of the Land and Marine Forces are, in such Cases, to take Rank according to the Seniority of thsir Commissions in either Service.

As oftert as it shall be necessary, Officerifof the Land and Marine Forces may fit in Cou-ju Bel ion upon Courts-martial; taking Rank according to the Seniority of their Commissionst

XIV.*Ah3 whereas it may also be expedient, when any of His Majesty's Land Forces are employed in the East Indies, that Officers in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies should, in certain Cases, be associated with Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, for the Purpose of holding Courts-martial be it enacted and declared, That when and as often as there may be Occasion, it shall and may be lawful for Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, and of the Forces in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to fit in conjunction at Courts-martial, and to proceed in the Trial of any Officer or Soldier, in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Court s-i&arthd wore composed of Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, or of Officers in the Service of the said United Company only: With this Distinction, that, upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier of His Majesty's Lsrui Forces, Regard shall be had to the Regulations and Provisions made by or in pursuance of this Act; and the Oaths administered to the several Members of the Court-martial shall be in the Terms by this Act pre-ienbed; And upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier in the Service of the said United Company, Regard fr ail be hud to the Regulations and Provisions made by or in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Veer of the Reigp of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, sin Act for punishing Mutiny and De-frrejon of Officers and Soldiers in the Se, vice of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the tEatt Indies, and for the Pun foment of Offences committed in the East Inches, or at the Island of Saint Helena; and the Oaths administered to the several Members of the Court-martial shall be in the Terms prescribed by the same Act.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Party tried by any General Court-martial within Europe, f except in the Garrison of Gibraltar, ) shall be entitled to a Copy of the Sentence and Proceedings of such Court -martial, upon Demand thereof made by himself, or by any other Person or Persons on his Behalf, (he or thry paving reasonably for the fame, ) at any Time not sooner than Three Months after such Sentence; and in case of Trials by any General Court-martial at Gibraltar, at any Time not sooner than Six Months after the Sentence given by such Court-martial; and in the Case of Trials by any General Court-martial in His Majesty's other Dominions beyond the Seas, or in Foreign Parts, at any Time not sooner than Twelve Months after the Sentence given by such Court-martial, whether fuph Sentences be approved or not $ any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Judge-advocate, or Person officiating as such at any General Court-martial, do, and he is hereby required to transmit, with as much ex-

3 peditioa

Officers of the Kin % 's Forces and Officers in the East India Company's Service may fit in conjunction at Courts-martial, See.

*7 Geo. i. c. 9.

The Party tried entitled (after certain Periods, ) to a Copy of the Sentence and Proceedings oC the Court-mar-tiaJ.

Original Proceedings, See. of Court>-martiai Hull be traal-

24

milted totlie Judge-advocate General in London; or to tie Secretary to the Chief Governor of irHami re-fpc<flively.

Proceeding of Courts, or En-t- ies, or Copies thereof, not liable so Stamp-duties. His Majesty empowered to make Ai tides et War,

and to constitute Comis-roaitial.

His Majesty may a lib empower the Chief Governor of Ireland to constitute Court-martial there.

None shall be adjudged of Life r Limb but for Crimes express-ed to he so pu-nilhable by this

a a.

Offenders beyond Sea, St c. may be tried here, Sec.

Mutter* shall be made Twice a Year.

No Mutter in Westminster, See. but in the Presence of two or more Justices, unless the Justices neglect to attend. See.

Penalty on false Certificates to excuse Soldiers from Mutters.

Penalty on Officer* making false Mutters, Sec.

C. it. 4.1" GEORGII III. AT.) A.D. 1801.

pedition as the Opportunity of Time and Distance of Place can admit, the Original Proceedings and Sentence of such Court-martial to the Judge-advocate General in I^oncLon* unless such Court-martial shall have been appointed in Irclandy in which Case they shall be transmitted to the Chief Secretary to the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to be afterwards lodged in the Judge-advocate Generals Office there; and the said Original Proceedings and Sentences are to be carefully kept and preserved in the Office of the Judge-advocate General in London and in Dublin respectively, to the End that the Persons entitled thereto may be enabled, upon Application to such Office, to obtain Copies thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That none of the Proceedings of any General or Regimental Court-martial, nor any Entry or Copy thereof, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever; any Thing contained in any former Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty to form, make, and establish, Articles of War, for the better Government of His Majesty's Forces; which Articles shall be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, and in all Courts whatsoever.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for bringing Offenders against such Articles of War to Justice, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to ered and constitute Courts-martial; with Power to try, hear, and determine, any Crimes or Offences by such Articles of War, and to inflid Penalties by Sentence or Judgment^ the fame, as well within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in jfrrfry9 Guernsey, Aldsmey, Sarky and Many and the Islands thereto belonging, as in His Majesty's Garrifbn of Gibraltar, and in any of His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas: Ana that it shall also be lawful for His Majesty to empower the Chief Governor or Chief Governors of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, to ered and constitute Courts-martial within the same, with the like Power to try, hear, and determine any Crimes or Offences by such Articles of War, and to inflid Penalties by Sentence or Judgment of such Courts-martial.

XX. Provided always, That no Person shall, by such Articles of War, be subjected to any Punishment extending to Life or Limb, within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Jcrfejy Guernsey, Alderney, Sarky or Matty or any of the Ides thereto belonging, for any Crime which is not expressed to be so punishable by this Act; nor for such Crimes as are expressed to be so punishable, in any Manner, or under any Regulations, which shall not accord with the Provisions of this Act.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Soldier shall, in any of His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, Commit any of the Offences triable by Courts-martial, by virtue of this Act, and shall come or be brought into this Realm, or into strfejy Guernsey, AldcnuyrSarks or Many or the Islands thereto belonging, before he be tried by a Court-martial for such Offence; such Officer or Soldier shall be tried and punished for the fame, as if the said Offence had been committed within this Realm.

XXII. And whereas it is of essential Importance, as well to the due Observance of Publick Economy, as to*.the Discipline of His Majesty's Forces, that they should be regularly muflered, and that the Myllers should be taken with the strictest Accuracy and Exadness be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Mullers shall be made, had, or taken, of cveiy Regiment, Troop, or Company, in His Majesty's Service, Twice at least in every Year, at such Times as mail be appointed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Commissary shall muster any Regiment, Troop, or Company# within the City of Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and Liberties thereof, but in the Presence ©i two or more Justices of the Peace, not being Officers of the Army, under the Penalty of fifty Pounds, and of being discharged from his Office} unless such Justices, upon forty-eight Hours Notice being given to fix of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, residing within the City and Liberties aforesaid respectively, shall neglect to attend such Muster; and in case of such Neglect, such Commissary may proceed to muster such Regiment, Troop, or Company; provided that Oath be made before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, within forty-eight Hours after such Muster taken, that such Notice was given to fix Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, which Justices so attending are hereby empowered to sign the said Muster-rolls, and to take Cognizance of such Muster, and to examine the Truth thereof before they iign the same.

XXIV. And, for preventing of Fraud and Deceit in the muttering of Soldiers, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person do make or give, or procure to be made or given, any false or untrue Certificate, whereby to excuse any Seldier for his Absence from any Muller, or any other Service, which he ought to attend or perform, upon Pretence of being employed on iome other Duty of the Regiment, or of Sickness, being in Prison, or on Furlough; then every such Person, so making, giving, or procuring, such

Certificate, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, and shall be forthwith cashiered and displaced from hie Office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Military Office or Employment within this Realm, or in his Majesty's Service; and no Certificate shall excuse. the Abfeace of any Soldier, but for the Reasons above mentioned, or one of them.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Officer that shall make any false or untrue Muster of Man or Horse, and every Commiflaiy, Muster-master, or other Officer, who shall wittingly or willingly allow or sign the Muster-roll wherein such false Muster is contained, or any Duplicate thereof; and also every Commissary, Mutter-matter, or other Officer, who shall, directly or indirectly take, or cause to be taken, any Sum or Sums of Money, or any other Gratuity, on or for the muttering any Regiment, .Troop, or Company, or on or for the signing of any Muster-rolls, or any Duplicate thereof, upon Proof thereof upon

6 Oath

0.

25

A.D. 1801. 4i* GEORGII III. (U.K.) C. n.

Oath made by two Witnesses, before a General Court-martial to be thereupon calkd (which is hereby authorized and required to administer. such Oath), shall, for such Offence, be forthwith cashiered and displaced from such his Office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in his Majesty's Service,

XXVI. And it is enacted, That if any Officer or Commissary shall mutter any Person by a wrong Name knowingly, upon Conviction thereof, before a General Court-martial, the said Officer or Commissary shall suffer fecit Penalties and in such Manner as is directed and inflicted by this Act upon those who shall make false Mutters.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall be falsely muttered, or offer himself falsely or deceitfully to be muttered, upon Proof thereof made upon Oath, by two Witnesses, before the next Justice of the Peace for the County where such Mutter shall be made, and upon Certificate thereof in Writing, under the Hand of the Commissary of the Mutters, or Chief Magistrate as aforesaid, made to such Justice of the Peace, the said Justice is hereby authorized and required to commit such Offender to the House of Correction, there to remain for the Space of ten Days: And if any Person shall wittingly or willingly lend or fumish any Horse to be muttered, which shall not truly belong to the Trooper or Troop so muttered, the said Horse so falsely muttered shall be forfeited to the Informer, if the same doth belong to the Person lending or furnishing the said Horse; or otherwise, the Person lending or fumi filing the said Horse shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, upon Oath made by two Witnesses, before the next Justice of the Peace; which twenty Pounds shall be levied, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Justice, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so offending, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner: And in case such Offender shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Distress may be made to the V alue of the Penalty to be recovered against him, or shall not pay such Penalty within four Days after such Conviction; then, and in such Case, such Justice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, either commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of three Months, or cause such Offender to be publickly whipped, at the Discretion of nich Justice j and the said Forfeiture shall be to such Person or Persons that shall give Information thereof; and the said Informer or Informers, if belonging to the Service, shall have a Right to be discharged forthwith, if he or they (kail demand the same.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Great Britain the Deputy or Deputies of the Commissiuy General shall, upon every half-yearly Muller, taken by him or them respectively of any Regiment, Troop, or Company, in his Majesty's Service, at any Place ten Miles Distant from London, dofc the Muster-rolls of the said Regiment, Troop, or Company, within twenty-four Hours after such Muster shall have been made; and shall return the Rolls so taken, by the Post (or other safe Conveyance), within seven Days after their being dosed, to the Office of the Commissary General of Musters, who shall, and he is hereby directed and required to transmit one Set of every of the said Rolls to the Secretary at War, one to the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Land Forces, and one to the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, on or before the first Day of May> and twenty-ninth Day of September* respectively following such half-yearly Muster: And no Alterations or Indorsements shall be made in or upon the said Muster-rolls, other than an the Case of Orders of Leave or Dates of Commissions, and other than involuntary Errors or litesal Mistakes in Writing or transcribing the said Muster-rolls, upon Pain of forfeiting their re/heffive Employments* and the Sum of twenty Pounds to any Person that will sue for the fame, for every such Offence.

XXIX. And whereas by the Petition of Right* in the third Year of King Charles the First, it is enacted, That the People of the Land are not by the Laws to be burthened with the sojourning of Soldiers against their Wills; and by a Clause in an Act of the British Parliament, made in the one and thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for granting a Supply to his Majesty of two hundred and six thousand four hundred and sixty-two Pounds, seventeen Shillings and Three-pence, for paying and disbanding the Foqces, it is declared and enacted, That no Officer, Civil or Military, nor other Person whatsoeves, should from thenceforth presume to place, quarter, or billet, any Soldier or Soldiers upon any Subject or Inhabitant of this Realm, of any Degree, Quality, or Profession whatsoever, without his Consent; and that it shall and* may be lawful for any 4.Subject, Sojourner, or Inhabitant, to refuse to quarter any Soldier or Soldiers, notwithstanding any Demand or Warrant, or Billeting whatsoever: But forasmuch as at this Time, and during the Continuance of this Act, there is and may be occasion for the marching and quartering of Regiments, Troops, and Companies, in several Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland be it further enacted by the Authority afore-Cud, That, for and daring the Continuance of this Act, and no loiger, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constables, Tithingmen, Headbo roughs, and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, and Villages, and other Places, within England* Wales, and the Town of Bemoici-upon-Tioeed, and, in their Default or Absence, for any one Justice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any such City, Town, Village, or Place, and for no others, and such Constables, and other Chief Magistrates, as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers in his Majesty's Service in Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Victualling-houses, and the L mfes of Sellers of Wine by Retail to be drank in their own Houses, or Places thereunto belonging; other than and except Persons who ke{p Taverns only, being Freemen of the Company of Vintners of the City of London* who were admitted to the Freedom before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-frven, or who since have or shall hereafter be admitted to their Freedom of the said Company in^Right of Patrimony or Apprenticeftrip, notwithstanding such Persons who keep Taverns only have taken out Victualling Licences; and all Houses of Persons felling Brandy, Strong Waters* Cyder, or Metheglin, by Retail, to be drank in Houses; other than and except the House or Houses of any Distillers, who keep Houses or Places for Distilf ng Brandy and Strong Waters, and the House of any Shopkeeper, whole principal Deal-tags shall be more in other Goods and Merchandizes than in Brandy and Strong Waters (so as such Distillers

41 Geo. III. {U.K.) E and

or muster Per. fonsby wretog Names.

Penalty on Persons offering themselves to be falsely muttered

Horset falsely muttered, shall be forfeited, if lent by the Owner; or otherwise the lender shall pay 20l. Forfeiture how to-be levied.

Mutter-rolls fen Miles distant from London, shall be elofed within 24 Hours after the the Mutter, and returned within seven Days, to 4he Comxniirary General of Mutw ters, See.

Penalty, soL

Recital oft hePe-tition of Right,

3 Car. i.and ft. 31 Car. 2. c. I.

§ 54-

Constables, Src; in England shad quarter Oftit ers and Men in Inns, Alehouset,

&C.J

Except Tavern*, Ice.

but in no Pict: !-Ii*is ut Shop-krvpMJ'lhkufca. ot in any pri*4S House,

Penalty on Con-ft abler/fice. quartering Soldiers ia private Houses, tee. Penalty on Offioen quartering Soldier* contrary to this Act, Uc.

Pc-rfens athr iov- C(1 by being quartered on, may complain to any Indict*, andl»e relieved.

No Justice having any Military Office in England shall be concerned-in billeting his Soldier*.

Constables, tec. may billet Soldiers in Well-rmiiiler, &c.

an d Petty Constables, tec. shall quarter Soldiers in their ieffective Diwfious.

Cunrstable*, be. in Westminster, tec, shall deliver Lifts at Quarter Session*, on Oath, of Inhabitants and Soldiers quartered in their respective Divisions;

hich Efts shall 'cfliain with (5>o

C. II. 41° GEORGII III. A'.) A.D. 1801.

and Shopkeepers do not permit or suffer Tipling in his or their Houses), and in no other, and in no private Houses whatsoever; nor shall any more Billets at any Time be ordered than there are efteftive Jolliers present to-be quartered; all which Billets, when made out by such Chief Magistrates tr Constables, shall bt* delivered into t' e Hands of the Commanding Officer prdent: And if any Coniiuble, Tkbingman, or such like Officer, or Magistrate, as aforesaid, shall presume to quarter or billet any such Officer or Soldier in any such private house, without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier; in such Case such Owner or Occupier shall have his or their Remedy at Law against high Magi it rate or Officer, for the Damage that such Owner or Occupier shall sustain thereby: And'if any Military Officer shall take upon him to quarter Soldiers otherwise than is limited-arid allowed by this Act, or shall uftr or qficr ary Menace or Compulsion to or upon any Mayors, Constables, or other Civil Officers before mentioned, tending to deter and discourage ary of them from performing any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed; such Military Officer shall, for every such Offence (being thereof' convicted before any two or more of the Junices of the Peace of the County, by the Oath of two credible Witnesses), be deemed and taken to be iffo fatto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Military Employment within this Kingdom or in his Mai city's Service; provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said County, and a Certificate thereof be transmited to the Judge-advocate in London, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next Court-nut tL: And in case any Person shall Hud himself aggrieved, in that such Constable, Tithingman, or Headborough, Chief Officer or Magistrate, (such Chief Officer or Magistrate not being a Justice of the Peace), has quartered or billeted in hi.s House a greater Number of Soldiers than he ought to bear in proportion to his Neighbours, and shall compluhi thereof to one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Division, City, or Liberty, where such Soldiers are quartered; or in case such Chief Officer or Magistrate shall be a Justice of the Peace, then, on Complaint made to two or more Justices of the Peace, of such Division, City, or Liberty, % ch Justices respectively shall have, and have hereby Power to relieve such Person, by ordering such and lo many of the Soldiers to be removed, and quartered upon such other Person or Persons as they mall fee Cause; and such other Person or Persons shall be obliged to receive such Soldiers accordingly.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Justice or Justices of the Peace, having or executing any Military Office or Commission in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall and may, during the Continuance of this Act, directly or indirectly, be concerned in the quartering, billeting, or appointing any Quarters for any Soldier or Soldiers in the Regiment, Troop, or Company, under the immediate Command or Commands of mch Justice or Justices, according to the Disposition made for quartering of any Soldier or Soldiers by virtue of this Act; bqt that all Warrants, Acts, Matters, or Things executed or appointed by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, for or concerning the same, shall be void; any Thing* in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall ?nd may be lawful to and for the High Constables, Petty Constables, Headboroughs, and Tithingmen, within the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Places adjacent, lying in the County of Middlesex and in the County of Surrey, and in the Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surrey, when thereunto lawfully required, to billet ai>d quarter the Officers and Soldiers of his Majesty's Regiments of Foot-guards, in such tfoules only as by this Act are limited in and about the said City and Liberties of WestmivJler, and Places adjacent, lying in the ftiid County of Middlesex (except the City of London), and in the said County of Surrey, and in the said Borough cf South-lviirh in the said County of Surrey, during the Continuance of this Act; and when any Order shall issue for the quartering or billeting any Officers or Soldiers within the said City and Liberties of Westminster, and Places adjacent, lying in the said County of Middlesex, and in the said County of Surrey, and in the said Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surrey, the High Constables shall deliver out Precepts to the several ' Petty Constables, Headboroughs, or Tithingmen, of each Parish, Ward, Hamlet, and District, within their respective Divisions, to billet and -quarter such Officers and Soldiers of his Majesty's Regiments of Foot-guards on such Houses only as by this Act is limited within their respective Parishes, Hamlets, or Districts; and such Petty Constables, Headboroughs, and Tithingmen, shall, in pursuance thereof, billet and quarter every such Officer and Soldier in such Houses so subjected thereto by this Act, equally and proportionably, according to the Number of such Officers and Soldiers £o to be billeted and quartered, and of the Houses so subjected to receive them; and such Officers and Soldiers of the Foot-guards shall be quartered within the said City and Liberties of Westminster and the Places adjacent, lying in the said County of Middlesex (except the City of London as aforesaid), and in the said County of Surrey, and in the said Borough of Southwark in the said County of SW-rey, in the same Manner, and under the same Regulations, as in other Parts of England, in all Cases for which particular Provision is not made by this Act.

XXXII. And, for the better preventing Abuses in billeting and quartering such Officers and Soldiers in the said City and Liberties of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, lying in the said County of Middlesex, and in the said County of Surrey, and in the said Borough of South wark in the said County of Surrey, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Petty Constables, Headboroughs, and Tithingmen, of their respective Parishes, Wards, Hamlets, and Districts, within the same,01011, at every General Quarter Sessions 'the Peace to be holden for the said City and Liberties of Westminster, the said County of Middlesex, and the said County of Surrey, and the said Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surrey respectively, make and deliver to the Justices then in open Sessiong assembled, upon Oath (which Oath they the said Justices are hereby authorized and required to administer), true Lifts finned by them respectively, of all such Houses, together with the Number of all such Persons respectively inhabiting the fame, within his or their Parish, Ward, Hamlet, or District respectively, as are subject and liable by this Act to receive such Officers and Soldiers, together with the Names and Rank of all such Officers and Soldiers as are quartered and billeted in each House respectively; agd such Lifts shall remain with the Clerks of the Peaccf of the said City and Liberties of Westminster, the said

County

C. it.

A.D. 1801. 4i° ' GEORGII III.

'2J

-County of MttkUeJtXy the fakl County of Surrfyy2iT\\\ the said Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surrey respectively, to the Intent that all and evety Person and Persons may be at Liberty to inspect the same without any Fee or Reward; and such Clerk shall forthwith, from Time to Time, make and deliver to every or any Person or Persons who shall require the fame, true Copies of all and every or any such Lifts, upon being paid Two-pcacf a Sheet for $ach and ever}' such Copies so taken, each Sheet to be computed at and contain one hundred and fifty Words: And if Default or Neglect shall be made by any Petty Constable, Headborough, or Tithing-. nan, of any such Parish, Ward, Hamlet, or District, in the delivering such Lifts to the Justices at their Quarter Sessions, as aforesaid; or if he or they iTiall so deliver, or cause to be delivered in, any false or defective Lift, pot including and specifying therein all and every such House and Hovifes so liable by this Act to receive such Officers and Soldiers, or the Names Ind Rank of all such Officers and Soldiers as are quartered and billeted ia each House respectively; such Petty Constable, Headborough, and Tithingman, or any of them, so offending therein, shall, for each such Offence, forfeit each the Sum of five Pounds, to the Use of the Poor of such rapective Parishes, Wards, Hamlets, and Districts; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of one or more of his Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City and Liberties of Westmwjlcry for the said County of MuhOejexy and for the said County of Surrey, and for the said Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surrey respectively (which Warrant or Warrants the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to jpake and issue); and for Want of sufficient Distress to he found for that Purpose, the said Justice or Justice* is and are hereby empowered and required by Warrant or Warrants, under his or their Hands and beak, to commit the Person or Persons so offending to the Common Gaol of the said City of Westminster, the bid County of MitUh/exy the said County of Surrey, or the said Borough of Southwark in the said County of form, there t# remain for any Time to be limited by such Justice or Justices not exceeding three Months, nor kck thin one Month, without Bail or Mainprize.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officers, Men, and Horses, bc-, looking to his Majesty's Horse or Dragoons, shall and may be quartered and billeted in the Inns, Livery Jkibks, Alehouses, Victualfing-houses, and other Houses in which Officers and Soldiers are by this Act al-, kvted to be quartered and billeted, and that they shall be received and furnished, by the Owners or Occupiers of such Inna, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Victualling-houses, and other Houses in which they are so allowed to be quartered and billeted, with Diet and Small Beer, and with Stables, and Hay and Straw for their Horses, paying and allowing for the same the several Rates herein after mentioned, to be payable out of the ^ubnieace-snoney for Djet and Small Beer, and Hay and Straw for their Horses.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any of his Majesty's Horse or Dragoons shall be quartered or billeted upon the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, -of any Alehouse, Victuafting-house, or other House in which Officers or Soldiers may be quartered by virtue this Act, who have no Stables, then, and in such Case, and upon Complaint made by the Person or Per-sows having do Stables to two or more Justices of the Peace of the Division, City, or Liberty, where such Horse or Dngouos shall be fb quartered and billeted, and upon his or their making such Allowance in lieu of his or their quartering such Horse or Dragoons, as such Justices shall think reasonaole, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices to order the Men and their Horses to be removed, and quartered upon some other Person or Per-ibo* who by this Act are liable to have Officers and Soldiers quartered and billeted upon them who have Stable*, and to order and settle a proper Allowance to be made by the Person or Persons having no Stables, in lira of his or their Quartering such Horse or Dragoons, so to be removed as aforesaid; and affo to order and direct that such Allowance shall be paid by the Person or Persons from whom such Men and Horses shall be removed, to or amongst the Person or Persons to whom such Men and their Horses shall be io removed as afore-Xud, or be applied in the furaiffiing of Quarters for the Reception of such Men and their Horses, as the Case nay require, and as such Justices shall think fit.

XXXV. And whereas great Inconveniencies have arisen, and may arise in such Places where Horse or Dra-

goons are or may be quartered, by the billeting of the Men and their Horses at different Houses, and often

at great^ft>iftance« from cite another, contrary' to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act be it therefore en-. aftrd by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Places where Horse or Dragoons shall be quartered or bilhucbin pursuance of this Act, for the future, the Men and their Horses shall be billeted in one and the same House texccpt in case of Necessity); and that in no other Case whatsoever there be less than one Man billeted where there shall be one* or two Horses, nor less than two Men where there shall be four Horses, and so in proportion for a greater Number; and in such Case each Man shall be billeted as near his Horse as possible.

XXXVI-And whereas fbme Doubts have arisen, whether Commanding Officers of any Regiment, Troop, or Company, may exchange any Men or Horses quartered in any Town or Place, with another Man or Hone

quartered in the same Place, for the Benefit of the Service be it declared and enacted by the Authority afore-

That such Exchange as above mentioned may be made by such Commandii g Officers respectively, provided the Number of Men or Horses do not exceed the Number at that Time billeted on such House or Houses; and the Constables, Tithingmen, Headboroughs, and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of the Cities, Town*, and Villages, or other Places where any Regiment, Troop, or Company, shall be quartered, are hereby required to billet such Men and Horses so exchanged accordingly.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer shall take, er canfe to be taken, or knowingly suffer to be taken, ahy Money of any Person for cxcuiing the quartering of Officers or Soldiers, or any of them, in any House allowed by this Act, every such Officer shall be cashiered, and be incapable of serving in any Military Employment whatsoever.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any High Constable, Constable, Bcadk, or other Officer or Person whatsoever, who, by virtue or colour of this Act, mall quarter or billet, or

CPerks of the Peace and may be inspected without Fee,

and Copies given by the-Clerk.

Penalty on Default in delivering, or for giving dete<fttvc Lilt*, 5b

Hew to be

levied.

Officers, Men, and Horses, belonging to the Horse or Dran goons, how to he quartered, See,

Dragoons, Bee, quartered on Persons who hare no Stables, may be removed to those who have Stables, Bee,

Dragoons, See. and their Hortes shall be billeted in the same Houses.

Manner of

ch.inging Men and Hurfcs.

Pen.'ilty df* tnkinj Money to excuse any Person from quartering. Penalty on Coq-stables, Sec, taking Money to.

C. ii

41° GEORGII III. (fj.jr.) A.D. 1801.

e*ruse any Person from quartering

and on Vi<?TuaJ-!«rs refuting to quarter Soldier', &c. 5J. to 40*.

Any justice may order Constables to give an Account of the Kumber of Soldiers quartered,

4c.

<J<Rcers and Sol-diers shall pay Katts for their Plovision [i'«we. 35.]

If Innholders furnish the Met) quartered on them with Candles, Vinegar and Salt, grata, &c. the Men (except vrhen on a March, &c.) shall provide their wn Victuals and Small Beer.

[&* r. 35. §1.]

tXlirm fluU give Notice to Innkeepers of Subsistence-money in their Hands, &c.

be employed in quartering or billeting, any Officers or Soldiers* shall ©cgfed or refuse \o ouarter or billet fadh Officers or Soldiers when thereunto required, in such Marwer as it by this Act diredea, provided sufficiebt Notice be given before the Arrival of such Troojps; or shall receive, demand, coutrad, or agree for, any Sushi or Sums of Money, or any Reward whatsoever, lor or on account of excusing, or in order to excuse, any Person or Persons whatsoever from quartering or receiving into hit, her, or their Tioufe or Hotifet, any such Officer or Soldier; or in case any Victualler, or any other Person liable by tlm Ad to have any Officer or Soldier billeted or quartered on him or her, shall refuse to receive or victual any such Officer or Soldier so quartered or billeted upon him or her as aforesaid; or shall refuse to furniffi or allow, according to the Directions of this Act, the several Things herein after respectively directed to be furnished or allowed to Non-commission Office or Soldiers so quartered or billeted on him or her, as aforesaid ? or shall neglect or refuse to furniflt good and sufficient Hay and Straw for each Horse so quartered or billeted on him Or ner, as aforesaid, at the Rate herein after mentioned, and shall be thereof convicted, before one or more Justice or Justices of the reace of the County, City, or Liberty, within which such Offence shall be committed, either by his own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Justice or Justice? is and are hereby empowered to administer), every such High Constable, Constable, Beadle, or other Officer or Person so offending, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds, or any Sum of Money not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings (as the said Justice or Justices, before whom the Matter shall be heard, shall, in his or their Discretion, think fit); to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Person offend^ ing, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted, or of one or more of them, to be directed to any other Constable within the County, City, or Liberty, or to any of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where the Offender shall dwell; which said Sum of five Pounds, or the said Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, When levied, shall be applied, in the first Place, in making such Satisfaction to any Soldier for the Expence he may have been put to by reason of his not being billeted or quartered as aforesaid, as such Justice or Justices shall order and direct; and the Remainder shall be paid to the Overfieers of the Poor of the Parish wherein the Offence shall be committed, or to some one of them, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish.

XXXIX. And for the better preventing Abuses in quartering or billeting the Soldiers in pursuance of this Act, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace within their respective Counties, Cities, or Liberties, by Warrant or Order under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, to require and command any High Constable, Constable, Beadle, or other Officer, who shall quarter or billet any Soldiers in pursuance of this Act, to give an Account, in Writing, unto the said Justice or Justices requiring the fame, of the Number of Officers ana Soldiers who shall be quartered or billeted by them, and also the Names of the Housekeepers or Persons upon whom every such Officer or Soldier shall be quartered or billeted, together with an Account of the Street or Place where every such Housekeeper dwells, and of the Signs (if any) belonging to their Houses; to the End it may appear to the said Justice or Justices where such Officers and Soldiers are quartered or billeted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or punish all Abuses in the quartering or billeting of them.

XL. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That the Officers and Soldiers so quartered and billeted as aforesaid, shall be received and furnished with Diet and Small Beer by the Owners of the Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Victualling-houses, and other Houses in which they are allowed to be quartered and billeted by this Act; paying and allowing for the same the several Rates herein after mentioned to be payable out of the Subsistence-money for Diet ana Small Beer.

XLI. Provided always, That in case any Innholder, or other Person on whom any Non-commission Officers or Private Men shall be quartered by virtue of this Act (except on a March, or employed in recruiting, and likewise except the Recruits by them raised, for the Space of seven Days at most, for such Non-commission Officers and Soldiers who are recruiting, and Recruits by them raised), shall be desirous to furniffi such Non-commission Officers or Soldiers with Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, gratis, and allow to such Non-commission Officers or Soldiers the Use of Fire, and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat/ and shall give Notice of such his Desire to the Commanding Officer, and shall furniffi and allow the same accordingly 5 then, and in fu^h Case, the Non-commission Officers and Soldiers so quartered shall provide their own Viduala and Small Beer; and the Officer to whom it belongs to receive, or that does actually receive, the Pay and Subsistence of such Non-commission Officers and Soldiers, shall pay the several Sums herein after mentioned to be payable out of the Subsistence-money for Diet and Small Beer to the Non-commission Officers and Soldier* as aforesaid, and not to the Innholder, or other Person on whom such Non-commission Officer* and Soldiers are quartered; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. And, that the Quarters both oi Officers and Soldiers may hereafter be duly paid and satisfied, and his Majesty's Duties of Excise better answered, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, every Officer to whom it belong* to receive, or that does actually receive, the Pay or Subfillence-money, either for a whole Regiment, or particular Troops and Companies, or otherwise, shall immediately, upon each Receipt of every particular Sum which shall, from Time to Time, be paid, returned, or come to his or their Hands, on Account of Pay or Subsistence, give publick Notice thereof to all Persons keeping Inns, or other Places where Officers or Soldiers are quartered by virtue of this Act; and shall also appoint the said Innkeepers, and others, to repair to their Quarters, at such Times as they shall appoint for the Distribution and Payment of the said Pay or Subsistence-money to the Officers or Soldiers, which shall be withm four Days at the fartheil after the Receipt of the same, as aforesaid; and the said Innkeepers, and others, shall then and there acquaint such Officer or Officers wkk the Accounts or Debt* (if any shall be), between them and the Officer* and Soldier* so quartered in their

respective

29

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (17. A'.) C. it.

fdpctfit Hoofee which Accounts the said Officer or Officers is or are hereby required to accept of, and im-medatdy pay the same, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsidence be distributed either to the Officers or r£oidien: Provided the said Accounts exceed not, for a Commission Officer of Horse, being under the Degree of a Captain* for such Officer's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, two Shillings; nor for one Commission Officer of Dragoons, being under the Degree of a Captain, for such Officer's Diet and Small Beer, per Dimy 00c Shilling; nor for one Commission Officer of Foot, under the Degree of a Captain, for such Officer's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, one Shilling; and if such Officer shall have a Horse or Horses, for each Horse or Horses, for their Hay and Straw, per Diemf Sixpence; nor for one Light Horseman's Diet and Small Beer, per Diemt Seven-pence; and Hay and Straw for his Horse, per Diem, Sixpence; nor for one Dragoon's Diet and Small Beer, per Diemf Seven-pence; and Hay and Straw for his Horse, per Diemy Sixpence 5 nor for one Foot Soldier's Diet and Small Beer, per Diemf Five-pence: And if any Officer or Officers as aforesaid shall not give Notice as aforesaid, and shall not immediately, upon producing such Account dated, satisfy, content, and pay the same; upon Complaint and Oath made thereof by any two Witnesses, at the next Quarter Sessions for the County or City where such Quarters w'ere (which Oath the Justices of the Pence at such Sessions are hereby authorized and required to administer), the Paymader or Paymasters of his Majesty's Guards and Ganifons, and Marines, are hereby required and authorized (upon Certificate of the said Justices before whom such Oath was made, of the Sum due upon such Accounts and the Persons to whom the same is owing )to pay and satisfy the said Sums out of the Arrears due to the said Officer or Officers, upon Peioky that such Paymader or Faymaders hall forfeit their respective Place or Places of Paymader or Pay-masters, and be discharged from holding the same for the future: And in case there shall be no Arrears due to the said Officer or Officers, then the said Paymader or Paymaders are hereby authorized and required to deduct the Sums he or they hall pay, pursuant to the Certificate of the said Justices, out of the next Pay or Suh&dence-money of the Regiment to which such Officer or Officers shall belong; and such Officer or Oficm faaSL, for every such Offence, or for neglecting to give Notice of the Receipt of such Pay or Subfif-tncf-money, as aforesaid, be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared itfo faBo cashiered: And where it shall happen that the Subsidence-money due to any Officer or Soldier shall, by Occasion of any Accident, not be paid to such Officer or Soldier, or such Officer or Soldier shall neglect to pay the same, so that Quarters cannot be or are not paid as this Act dire6U; and where any Horse, Foot, or Dragoons, shall be upon their March, so that no Subsidence can then be remitted to them, to make Payment as this Act directs, or they shall cegied to pay the same; in every such Case, it is hereby further enacted, That every such Officer shall, before his or their Departure out of his or their Quarters, where such Regiment, Troop, or Company, shall remain for any Time whatsoever, make up the Accounts, as this Act direfis, with every Person with whom such Regiment, Troop, or Company, shall have quartered, and sign a Certificate thereof, and give the said Certificate, so by him signed, to the Party to whom such Money is due, with the Name of such Regiment, Troop, or Company, to which he or they shall belong; to the End the said Certificate may be forthwith transinhted to the Paymader of his Majesty's Guards and Garrisons, or to the Paymader of the Marines, who ait hereby required immediately to make Payment thereof to the Person or Persons to whom such Money shall be due, to the End the same may be applied to such Regiment, Troop, or Company, respectively, under Pain as is before in this Act directed for Non-payment of Quarters.

XLIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer, Military or Civil, by this Act authorized to quarter Soldiers in any Houses hereby appointed for that Purpose, shall, at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants, of any Officer or Soldier, in any such Houses, against the Consent of the Owners; the Party offending, if an Officer of the Army, shall, upon Complaint and Proof thereof made to the Commander in Chief of the Army, or Judge Advocate, be iffo faBo cashiered; and if a Condable, Tithingman, or other Civil Officer, he shall forfeit to the Purty aggrieved twenty Shillings, upon Complaint and Proof thereof made to the next Justice of the Peace; to be levied by Warrant of such Justice, by Distress and Sale of his Goods, rendering the Overplus to the Party, after deducing reasonable Charges in taking the same.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place, where any Non-commission Officer or Soldier (haB be quartered in that Part of Great Britain called England, in case such Non-commission Officer or private Soldier have either Wife or Child or Children, to cause such Non-commission Officer or Soldier to be sum-moiied before them, in the Town or Place where such Non-commission Officer or Soldier shall be quartered, ia order to make Oath of the Place of their lad legal Settlement (which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered to administer); and such Non-commission Officers and private Soldiers, as aforesaid, are hereby directed to obey such Summons, and to make Oath accordingly; and such Justices are hereby required to give an attestea Copy of such Affidavit so made before them to the Person making the f me, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer, in order to be produced when required; which atteded Copy shall be at any Time admitted in Evidence, as to such lad legal Settlement, before any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace or at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace: Provided always, That in case any Non-commission Officer or private Soldier shall be again summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then, on such atteded Copy of the Oath by him formerly taken being produced by him, or by any other Person on his Behalf, such Non-commission Officer or Soldier shall not be obliged to take any other or further Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave a Copy of such atteiled Copy of Examination if required.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better and more regular Provision of Carriages for his Majesty's Forces in their Marches, or for their Arms, Cloathp, or Accoutrements, ia England, IVout, and the Town of Ber<wick-vt>on-Tweed, all Justices of the Peace, within their feveTal Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Liberties, and Precincts, being duly required thereunto by an Order from

his

Rates of Sch-fiiience shall be paid to Innkeepers, See. for Soldiers'. Qu*mrs.

35-1

Penalty on Officers not paying Subsistence-mooey.

On Non-payment of Quarters, the Officer shall make up Accounts, See,

Soldiers Wives, See. shall not b« quartered without Consent.

[Penalty.]

Soldiers having Wives and Children Hull, when quartered in England, make Oath before a Justice of their last Place of Settlement, See.

For the provitK ing Carriages % for the Forces marching in England, Wales, and Berwick.

30

Warrants shall specify the Placet to which the Carriages lhaM iravei,

Ac.

Rates for Carriages.

Penalty on Officers forcing Waggons to travel more than Magistrate's Warrant specifie*.,

Further Compensation for Carriages in Cases where they cannot return the same Day on which im prefix'd.

In Cases of Emergency, the Secretary at War, by Order of his Majesty, may authorize a General or Field Officer, or the Commissary General of Stores and Pro vi (ions, to require Justices to issue Warrants for providing Saddle Horses and Four-wheeled Carriages, let to Hire, and also Vessith ttfed in Canals or Navigable Rivers, with Men and Horses.

C. ii. 41° GEORGII III. {U.K.) A.D. 1801.

his Majesty, or the General of his Forces, or the Matter Ceneral or Lieutenant General of his Majesty's Ordnance, shall, as often as such Order is brought and shewn unto one or more of them by the Quarter-matter, Adjutant, or other Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company, so ordered to march, issue out his or their Warrants to the Constables, or Petty Constables, of the Division, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred, and PrecinA, from, through, near, or to which such Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company shall be ordered to march; requiring them to make such Provjiiou of Carriages, with able Men to drive the, fame,

as is mentioned in the said Warrant, allowing them fuffifcient Time to do the lame, that the neighbouring Pails

may. not always bear the Burthen; and specifying in the said Warrants the Place or Places to which the said Carriages shall travel, and which shall not exceed one Day's Journey, unless in any Case of Necessity where the Day's March of the Troops is prescribed in the Order produced to the Magistrate, and where the same doqs not exceed twenty-five Miles: And in case sufficient Carriages cannot be provided with: !) a: v such Liberty, Division, or Precinct, then the next Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County raiding, or Division, shall, upon such Order as aforesaid being brought or shewn to one or more of tin*a', by any of the

Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant to the Constables, or Petty Conilables, of such next County,

Riding, Liberty, Division, or Precinct, for the Purposes aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency: And the aforesaid Officer or Officers, who, by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant from the Justices of the Peace, are to demand the Carriage or Carriages therein mentioned of the Constable, or Petty Coifstable, to whom the Warrant is directed, is and are hereby required, at the same Time, to pay down in hand to the said Constable, or Petty Constable, for the Use of the Person who shall provide such Carriages and Men, the Sum of one Shilling for every Mile any Waggon with live Ilorfes shall travel; and the Sum of one Shilling for every Mile any Wain with fix Oxen, or four Oxen with two Horses shall travel; and the Sum of Nine-pence for every Mile any Cart with four Horse6 shall travel; and so in proportion for less Carriages; or any further Sum not exceeding Four-pence for every Mile any Waggtfh with five Horses, or any Wain with fix Oxen, or four Oxen with two Horses shall travel; and the Sum of Three-pence for ever)* Mile any Cart with four Horses shall travel; and so in proportion for less Carriages as the same shall be fixed and ordered by the Justices of the Peace for any County or District assembled at any General Sessions of the Peace for such County or District, the said Justices having Regard to the Price of Hay and Oats at the Time of fixing such additional Rates; for which respective Sums so received, the said Constable, or Petty Constable, is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing to the Person or Persons paying the fame: And such Constable or Petty Constable shall order and appoint such Person or Persons having Carriages, within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such Carriages and Men, according to the Warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and fumi(h the same accordingly; and if any Military Officer or Officers, for the Use of whose Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company the Carriage was provided, shall force and con-strain any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, to travel beyond the Distance specified in the Magistrate's Warrant, or shall not discharge the same in due Time for their Return Home on the same Day, if it be practicable, or shall suffer any Soldier or Servant, (except such as are sick, ) or any Woman to ride in the Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage aforesaid; or shall force any Constable, or Petty Constable, by Threaten-ings or menacing Words, to provide Siiddle Horses for themselves or Servants, or shall force Horses from the Owners, by themselves, Servants, or Soldiers; every such officeij for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds; Proof thereof being made upon Oath before two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding, who are to certify the same to the Paymaster-general, or other respective Pay-master of his Majesty's Forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid Sum of five Pounds according to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforesaid Justices of the Peace of the mine County or Riding, and is hereby empowered to deduct the same out of such Officer's Pay: Provided always, That in Cases where the Day's March of the Troops shall be such, either owing to the Distance of Place, State of the Roads, or Season of the Year, as not to admit of the Return of the Carriages on the same Day on which they shall have been imprested, such further Compensation shall be made and paid in like Manner to the Owners of the said Carriages as shall be deemed reasonable by the Magistrate who granted the Warrant for impressing them, not exceeding the usual Rate and Hire of such Carriages.

XLVI. And whereas it may sometimp become necessary, in Cases of Emergency, to provide proper and speedy Means for the Carriage and Conveyance not only or the Anns, Cloaths, Accoutrements, Tents, Baggage, and other Equipage of and belonging to his Majesty's Forces in their Marches, but also of the Officers,

1 Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children, and other Persons of and belonging to such Forces: And whereas it is

expedient that Provision should be made for enforcing prompt Obedience to such Order* as his Majesty may in

such Cases think fit to issue in pursuance of the Powers by L.aw vetted in him for the Advancement of the Ge-1 neral Good and Publick Welfare of the Realm be it therefore further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by his Order, distindfcly dating, that such Case of Emergency doth exist, signified by the Secretary at War for the Time being to any General or Field Officer commanding his Majesty's Forces in any District or Place, or to the Commissary General of Stores and Provisions at Home, to authorize such General or Field Officer or Commissary General as aforesaid, by Writing under his Hand, reciting such Order of his said Majesty, to require all Justices of the Peace within their several Counties, Ridings, Divihons, Cities, Liberties, and Precincts in England, Wales, and Town of Berfwich-upon-T<u>eedl to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for any of the Purposes herein after mentioned; and such Justice or Justices shall, when and as often as such Requisition in Writing as last mentioned shall be brought and shewn unto any one or more of such Justices, by the Quarter Matter, Adjutant, or other Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company, so ordered tobe conveyed, or by any Officer in the Department of the said Commissary General, to issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Constables, or Petty Constables, of the County, Division, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred and Precinct, from, through, near, or to which such Regiment, Detachment,

A.D. 1801.i* GEORGII III. (U.K.) C. n.

tachmmt, Troop, or Company shall l)£ so ordered to be conveyed, requiring them to make such Provision not only of Waggons, VJpins, and Carts kept by or belonging to any Person or Persons, and for any Use or Purpose whatsoeVcr, but also of Saddle* Hones, Coaches, Chaises, and other four-wheeled Carriages usually let to hire, or kept for that Purpose; and also of Boat9, Barges, and other Vessels, used for the Carriage of Coals, Stone, Lime, Manure, or of Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, or any other Articles or Commodity Whatsoever, Upon any Canal or Navigable River, with able Men and Horses to drive, navigate, and draw the fame, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrant or Warrants, therein specifying the Place or Distance to which such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels and Men shall go and be conveyed, and allowing such Constables sufficient Time to make such Provision, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burthen; and in case such sufficient Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, and Men, cannot be provided within any such County, Riding, Division, Hundred, City, Liberty, or Precinct, then the next Justice or Justices of the Peace of the next County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Precinct, shall, upon such Requisition in Writing as lall aforesaid being brought or shewn to any one or more of them, by any of the Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Constables, or Petty Constables, of such next County, Riding, City, Liberty, Dnrifiou, Hundred, or Precinct, for the Purposes last aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency; and the aforesaid OflB eer or Officers who, by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant or Warrants from the Justice or Justices of the Peace, are to demand the Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, or other Vessel therein mentioned, of the Con-frable, or Petty Constable, to whom the said Warrant or Warrants shall be directed, is and are hereby required at the same Time to pay down in hand to the said Constable, or Petty Constable, for the Use of the Person or Persons who shall provide such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, and Men, such reasonable Sum and Sums of Money as the said Justice or Justices shall in and by his or their said Warrant or Warrants order and direct, not exceeding the usual Rate and Hire of such and the like Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, and MeU, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each particular Case, but nuking no Allowance for Polt Hone Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, lliv$r, or Lock Tolls (which Duty or Tolls are baeby declared not to be demandable or payable in such and the like Cases, for any such Carriages, Horses,

Barges, and other Vessels, whilst employed in such Service or returning therefrom); for which said respective Sura and Sums so received, the said Constable, or Petty Constable, is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing, but without any Stamp, to the Person or Persons paying the fame; and such Constable, or Petty Constable, shall order and appoint such Person or Persons having such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, and Men, within their respective Liberties, as they mall think proper, to provide and furnish such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, and Men, according to the Warrant or Warrants aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and furnish the same accordingly; and it shall and may be lawful in such Cases, to and for all and every* Military Officer and Officers, for the Use of whom, or of whose Regiment, Detachment, Tiuop, or Company, such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels shall be provided in such Cases, to ^arry and convey, and permit to be carried and conveyed, on the same respectively, not only the Arms, Cloaths, Accoutrements, Baggage, Touts, and other Equipage of such Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company, but also the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children, and other Persons of and belonging to the fame; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: But if any such Officer or Officers shall force and constrain any Horse, Carnage, Boat, Barge, or ot'ier Vessel, to travel or proceed beyond the Distance or Place to be allowed and specifiel in such Warrant or Warrants, without the Special Licence or Order of one or more other such Justice or Justices of the Peace in that Behalf, and which Licence or Order one or more of such Justices is and are hereby authorized jyid required to give and make at his and their reasonable Discretion, every such Officer for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, Proof thereof being made upon Oath before two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the same County or Rid ng, Di-riiion, City^ Liberty, or Precih£l, who are to certify the same to the Paymaster General, or other respective Paymaster of his Majesty's Forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid Sum of five Pounds, according to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforesaid Justices of the Peace of the same County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Precinct, and who is hereby empowered to deducl the same out of such Officer's Pay.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, impressed by Authority of this Act, shall be liable or obliged, by virtue of this Act, to carry above thirty hundred Weight; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any High Constable, or Petty Constable, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to execute such Warrant or Warrants of the Justices of the Peace, as shall be directed unto them for providing Carriages, Hurfe6, Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, as aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons, appointed by such Constable, or Petty Constable, to provide or furnish any Carriage, and Man, Horse, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall reftife or negle<5l to provide the fame; or if such Person or Ft cions, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall wilfully do any Act or Thing, whereby the Execution of the said Warrant shall be hindered or frustrated, every such Constable, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than twenty ShiHing*. to the Use of the Poor of the farish where ^r, y such Offence shall be committed: And all and every such Offence and Offences shall and may be enquired of, heard, and finally determined, by two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, dwelling in or near the Place where such Offence shall be committed, who have hereby Power to cause the said Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, ren- drrirar the Overplus (if anyl to the Owner.

XLIX. And whereas trie respective Sums of Money, by this Act appointed to be paid to the Constables by the Officers demanding such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, may not, in many Cases, be sufficient to answer the Change and Expence of providing the fame, insomuch that the said Constables may frequently

31

Justicet, on Ke-

quisition, shall iliac Warrants lor providing them, speci lying the Dillance they Ait* lo go.

Officers demanding them, shall pay for their Hire such Sums as the Justices shall dire#, not exceeding the usual Rates, but making no Allowance for Poll Horlc Duty or Tolls which in such Cases ait not demandable.

Constables shall give a Receipt without Stamp; and order the Horses, See. to be provided.

Military* Officer* may convey on them Arms, Clothes, Accou* tiements, Baggage, Equipage, Officers, Soldiers, Servants,-Women, Children, and oilier Persons.

Penalty on Officers forcing Horses, &c. to*travel beyond the Dilla neelpc-cified in Warrant, without Licence, 5l.

No Waggon, $ce* shall carry above 30 hundred Weight.

Penalty on Outfit aUes, 5cc. for Negle#.

Treasurer of the County shall re-pay the Coo-stable's extraordinary Charges.

32

ney

that Purpose Ikjw { be raised:

Officer?, &c. shall he quartered in Scotland, under the Scotch Law*in force at the Union.

And also Carriages provided there.

Hew the Troops

are to pay in passing over Ferries in Scotland.

Officers and Soldiers shall be quartered in Ireland, as under Ii ifli Laws in force at the Time ti' the Union of that Kingdom. Carriages in Ireland, shall be provided accord*

vJy.

C. ii. 4i» GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

c questly be at great Charges, over and above what is received by them of the said Officers, to the great Bur*

then of the Township of which he is Constable, or else the Penons providing such Carriages are grievously of-

pressed: Tor Remedy whereof, and that the said Oveiylus Charge may be borne by each County or Riding, at ' the general Charge of such County or Riding; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer or Treasurers of each respective County or Riding shall, without Fee or Reward, pay unto such Constable all and every such reasonable Sum or Sums of Money, so by him paid or laid out for such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Officer requiring such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, out of the publick Stock of such County or Riding, according to such Rates, Orders, Rules, and Directions, as the said Justices of the Peace, in their Quarter Sessions assembled, within their respective Jurisdictions, shall, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of this Act, make, direct, and appoint (which Orders shall be made without Fee or Reward); Regard being always had to the Season of the Year, and the Length and Condition of the Ways by and through which such Carriages, .Horses, Boats, Barges, and other Vessels. are to travel and pass.

L. And in case the said publick Stock of the County or Riding be not sufficient (over and above the other Purposes for which it was raised) to satisfy the extraordinai Charge of Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, and other Vessels before mentioned, it is hereby further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace, in the General Quarter Sessions, shall have Power, from Time to Time, to raise Monies upon the respective Counties or Ridings, in such Manner as they now raise Monies for County Gaols and Bridges, to satisfy the said extraordinary Charge of Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, and other Vessels.

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to quarter Offi ! cer8 and Soldiers in Scotland, in such and the like Places and Houses as they might have been quartered in by the Laws in force in Scotland at the Time of its Union with England; and that the Possessors of such Houses shall only be liable to fumifii the said Officers and Soldiers Quartered there, as by the said Laws in force at the Time of the said Union was provided; and that no Officer shall be obliged to pay for his Lodging, where he shall be regularly billeted, except in the Suburbs of Edinburgh.

LII. And be it further enacted, That the Carriages for the Service of the Forces, from Time to Time quartered or marching in Scotland\ shall be provided m like Manner, and at the Rates, and the Furnisher of Rich Carriages shall be paid, as was directed by the Law in force iif Scotland at the Time of its Union with England.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Troops or Parties upon Command have Occasion in their March to pass regular Ferries in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ it shall and may be lawful for the Commanding Officer either to pass over with his Party as Passengers, or to hire the Ferry-boat entirely to himself and his Party, debarring others for that Time, in his Option; and in case he shall chuse to take Passage for himself and Party as Passengers, he shall only pay for himself and for each Person, Officer or Soldier, under his Command, Half of the ordinary Rate payable by Angle Persons at any such Ferry; and in case he shall hire the Ferry-boat for himself and Party he shall pay Half of the ordinary Rate for such Boat or Boats; and in such Places where there are no regular Ferries, but that all Passengers hire Boats at the Rate they can agree for. Officers, w^th or without Parties, are to agree for Boats at the Rate as other Persons do in the like Cases.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to quarter Officers and Soldiers in Ireland, in such and the like Places and Houses as they might have been quartered in by the Laws in force in Ireland at the Time of its Union with Great Britain; and that the Possessors of such Houses shall only be liable to furnish the said Officers and Soldiers quartered there, as by the said Laws in force at the Time of the said Union vgas provided.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the Carriages for the Service of the Forces, from Time to Time quartered or marching in Ireland, shall be provided in like Manner and at the Rates, and the Fumiflier of such Carriages shall be paid, as was directed by the Laws in force in Ireland, at the Time of its Union with Great Britain.

Penalty on Offi- urs or Soldiers dMtroying the Game.

1 for an Officer, aojf. fora Soldier.

On Non-payment Officer may be cashiered. Persons hastily inlirting them-feives may be relieved previous to their Attclta-fion, on return-

LVI. And for the better Preservation of the Game in or near such Place where any Officers or Soldiers shall at any Time be quartered, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, any Officer or Soldier shall, without Leave of the Lord of the Manor, under his Hand and Seal first had and obtained, take, kill, or destroy, any Hare, Coney, Pheasant, Partridge, Pigeon, or any other Sort of Fowls, Poultry, or Fish, or his Majesty's Game, within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and upon Complaint thereof shall be, upon Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, convicted before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, who is and are hereby empowered and authorized to hear and determine the fame,; (that is to say), every Officer so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be distributed among the Poor oi the Place where such Offence shall be committed; and every Officer commanding in Chief upon the Place, for every such Offence committed by any Soldier under his Command, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be paid and distributed in Manner aforesaid: And if, upon Conviction made by the Justices of the Peace, and Demand thereof also made by the Constable or Overseers of the Poor, such Officer shall refuse or neglect, and not within two Days pay the said respective Penalties, such Officer so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit, and he is hereby declared to have forfeited his Commission, and his Commission is hereby declared to be null and void.

LVII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, when and as often as any Person or Persons shall be inlisted as*Soldier or Soldiers in his Majesty's Land Service, he or they shall, within four Days, but not sooner than twenty-four Hours, after such Inlisting respectively, be carried before the next Justice of the Peace of any County Riding, City, or Place, or Chief Magistrate of any City, or Town.

I Corporate,

A.D. 1801.

4i* GEORGII III. (U.K.)

C. ii.

33

Corporate, (not being an Officer in the Army), and before such Justice or Chief Magistrate he or they shall be- inglnlifting at Liberty to declare his or their Diflent to such Inlisting; and, upon such Declaration, and returning the In- Money, and lifting Money, and also each Person so dissenting paying the Sum of twenty Shillings for the Charges expended payin* 20, # or laid ont upon him, such Person or Persons so inlisted shall be forthwith discharged and set af Liberty, in the.

Preface of such Justice or Chief Magistrate 5 but if such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect, within the Such Perfosi \ Space of twenty-four Hours, to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken n?* Pny, n£the to be inlisted, as if he or they had given his or their Assent thereto before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate 5 v-iiiin^twfntv-or if such Person or Persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily inlisted himself or themiVIves, then such / , ur Hours shall Justict or Chief Magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to read over, or in his own Presence cayfe l droned tuba to be read over, to such Person or Persons* the Second and Sixth Sedions of the Articles of War against Mu-; in

tntc (bill, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand the inlisting and (wearing, together them the id and with the Place of the Birth, Age* and Calling, if known, of such Person or Persons, in the Form mentioned in S<^!1(, ns ut the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B); and if any such Person or Persons, so to be certified, shall wil- IvJ A, tl^e* of hiDr refuse to take the said Oath of Fidelity before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate, it shall and may be nii?er the Oa^h" lawful for fitch Officer, from whom he has received such Money as aforesaid, to detain or coniine such Person or* of Fidelity, and Personi until he or they shall take the said Oath of Fidelity; and every Military Officer that shall act contrary, the Oath an-boeto, or o&nd herein, shall incur the like Penalty and Forfeiture as is by this Act to be inflicted upon any Officer for making afalfe and .untrue Muster; and, the Penalty and Forfeiture shall be levied and recovered in the Justices shall same Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Act to be levied or recovered. certify the Ia-

Uftmetjf in the Form in Secbeduk (B). Such Persons reluluig.to lake the Oath of Fidelity may (je confined. Penalty on Officers ailing contrary' hereta.

LVHl. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall receive- refusing

the lnhfcing Money from any Officer (knowing it to be such), and shall abscond, or refuse to go before such'

Justice or Chief Magistrate, in order to declare his Assent or Distent, as aforesaid; such Person or Persons shall he deemed and taken to be inlisted to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and shall and may be proceeded g^dj^as^ if he or they had taken the Oath directed by this Act to be taken before such Justice or Chief

LIX. And be it further eaa&ed, That when and as often as any Regiment or Company shall be relieved at oy Station or Place beyond the Seas, in order to their Return to Great Britain or Ireland\ it shall and may be hr*h*J for aay Officer or Officers, thereunto authorized by the Commander in Chief at such Station or Place re-(pcchuly. to inlist as many of the Soldiers belonging to such Regiment or Company, returning to Great Bri-{ if*or Ireland* as shall be nriHEng, and who shall appear to be fit for Service, and to incorporate them in any Regiment or Company which shall be appointed to remain; and every Soldier so inlisted shall be, and is hereby* deemed to be, discharged from the Regiment or Company in which he before fcrvtd; and the Occasion of his auxtring such former Corps shall be recited in the Inlisting Certificate; a Duplicate, or an attelled Copy whereof,

shall be delivered to such Soldier, to prated him from being anyways molelled upon Suspicion of his having defected. to remain; th*/ Occasion of quitting such ibirner Corps shall lx; recited in the Inlisting Certificate.

LX. And whereat several Soldiers, being duly lifted, do afterwards desert, and are often found wandering, or Any Justice otherwise absenting themselves illegally from his Majesty's Service, it is hereby further enabled, That it shall. m; i>f comn', k and may be lawful to and for the Constable, Headborough, or Tithingman, of the Town or Place where any Person, who may be reasonably suspected to be such a Deserter, shall be found, to appprehend, or cause him to be apprehended, and to cause such Person to be brought before any Justice of the reaoe living in or near such Town or Place, who hath hereby Power to examine such suspected Person; and if, by his Confefliou, or the Tcftunooy of oae or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice of the Peace, it shall appear or be found that such suspected rerson is a lifted Soldier, and ought to be with the Troop or Company to which he belongs, such Justice of the Peace shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be foond; or the House of Correction, or other publick Prison, in such Town or Place where such Deserter shall he apprehended; or to the Savoy % in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the City of London or Wfjtnunjlcry or Places adjacent; or to the Provost Martha!* in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the City or Liberties of Dublin, or Places adjacent; and tnmsmit an Account thereof to the Secretary at War for the Time being, in London; or if the Dclerter be apprehended in Ireland, to the Chief Secretary to the Chief Governor or Governors tlsercof, to the End such Person may be proceeded against according to Law: And the Keeper of such Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison, shall re*. eci.e the fuss Subsistence of such Deserter or Deserters during the Time that lie or they shall continue in his Custody, for the Maintenance of the said Deserter or Deserters; but shall not be eivritkdto any Fee or Reward 00 .Account of the Imprisonment of such Deserter or Deserters; and the Keeper of every Gaol* I ioufe of Correction, or other publick Prison, shall, and he is hereby required to receive and confine such Deserter* while on the Road from the Place where they were apprehended to the Place to which they are to be conveyed, and iltall not be eutitlod to any Fee or Regard on Account of the Imprisonment of the said Deserters; auy Law, Ulnge, or Outturn, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXI. And, for the better Encouragement of any Person or Persons to secure or apprehend such Deserters as aforesaid, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Justice of the Peace shall also llluc his Warrant in Writing to the Collector or Collectors of the Land Tax Money* of the Parish or Township in Great Bruabtf where such Deserter shall be apprehended, or in Ireland, to the Collector or Collectors of his Majesty's Rrreaue in the District where such Deserter shall be apprehended, for paying out of the Land Tax Money or Krvcnuc arisen, or to arifo, in the Year one thousand eight hundred and one, into the Hand? of inch Person 41 Geo. III. (U. KJ F who

to appear before Justices, shall be proceeded gainst as if dujy inilfted* -

Where any Corps beyond Seas shall be. relieved in order to return FJomd, such of the Men as ftuiF rhufc may be inlisted, and in-coi |>orated M'ith those appointed

Defeitci.

Reu*nd ft* t a*-lug up DcieutrJk

34

C.i i

Penalty on Per-sura concealing D^ferters, «r rcccKiig their Arms, Clothes, Ice. 51

Penalty on OflXa ccr breaking open a«y Hoafe "without Warrant, zoL

Junices may grant an Extension of Furlough to any non-cotvmWSofted dfietf or 3ol-dkr applying for the fame, on account of Sicknda, lie.

No Volunteer

liable to Process Y»iless for some criminal Matter;

or for a ml Debt of the Value of ao/. proved on Oath before a

Judge,

a ad a Memorandum thereof marked on the Back of the Process.

41° GEORGII III. (17.K) A.D. 1801.

who shall apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, any Deserter from his Majesty's Service, the Sum of twenty Shillings for every such Deserter that shall be so apprehended and committed; which Sum of twenty Shillings shall be satisfied by inch Collector or Colltftors to whom such Warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon ms or their Account.

LXII. Provided always, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal, or assist any Deserter from his Majesty's Service, knowing him to be such, the Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds; or if any Person shall knowingly detain, buy, or exchange, or otherwise receive, from any Soldier or Deserter, or any other Person upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, any Arms, Clothes, Caps, or other Furniture, belonging to the King, or any such Articles belonging to any Soldier or Deserter, as are generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, according to the Custom of the Army, being provided for the Soldier, and paid for by Deductions out of his Pay, or cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed 5 the Person so offend* ing shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds; and upon Conviction, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, the said respective Penalties of five Pounds, and five Pounds shall be levied by Warrant under the Hand or Hands of the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender; one Moiety of the said first mentioned Penalty of live Pounds to be paid to the Informer by whose Means such Deserter shall be apprehended, and one Moiety of the said last mentioned Penalty of five Pounds to be paid to the Informer; and the Residue of the said respective Penalties to be paid to the Officer to whom any such Deserter or Soldier did belong: And in case any such Offender, who shall be convicted, as aforesaid, of harbouring or assisting any such Deserter or Deserters; or having knowingly received any Arms, Clothes, Caps, or other Furniture belonging to the King 5 Or any such Articles generally deemed Regimental Necessaries; or having caused the Colour of such Clothes to be changed, contrary to the Intent of this Act, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Distress may be made to the Value of the Penalties recovered against him or her for such Offence, or shall not pay such Penalties within four Days after such Con vision then, and in such Case, such Justice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under hit Hand and Seal, either commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of three Months, or cause such Offender to be publickly whipped, at the Discretion of such Justice.

LXIII. Provided always, That no Commission Officer shall break open any House to search for Deserters without Warrant from a Justice of the Peace; and that every Commission Officer who shall, without Warrant from one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace (which said Warrants the said Justice or Justices are hereby empowered to grant), forcibly enter into, or break open, the Dwelling-house or Outhouses of any Perfo* whatsoever, under Pretence of searching for Deserters, shall, upon due Proof thereof, forfeit the Sum ol twenty Pounds.

LXIV. And whereas Soldiers absent from their Regiments on Furlough granted to them by their Commanding 1 Officers, are sometimes prevented by Sickness or other unavoidable Casualty from returning to their Duty be-

fore the Expiration of the Time limited by such Furlough, and Doubts have arisen whether in such Cases the

Extension of a Soldier's Furlough by a Justice of the Peace, be sanctioned by legal Authority, and effectual

for preventing such Soldier from being apprehended upon Suspicion of his having deserted his Regimentbe it farther enacted, That any Justice of the Peace may, and he is nereby authorized to grant, in Writing under his Hand, an Extension of Furlough to any non-commissioned Officer or Soldier applying for the fame, on account of Sickness or other Casualty, which to such Justice shall, on due Enquiry, appear to render such Extension necessary, and that such non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, during the Period to which his Furlough shall have been so extended as aforesaid by a Justice of the Peace, shall not be liable to be apprehended or otherwise mo-lested on the Ground of his having deserted the Regiment to which he shall appear by his Furlough to belong, or of criminally absenting himself from the same: Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to exempt any non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, whole Furlough shall have been so extended as aforesaid, from being proceeded against and punished according to the Provisions of this Act, should it thereafter appear that such pon-commissioned Officer or Soldier had obtained the Extension of his Furlough by false Representation made to the Justice of Peace, or in applying for and obtaining the fame, had committed any Offence to the1 Prejudice of good Order and Military Discipune.

LXV. And, to prevent, as far as may be, any unjust or fraudulent Airefts that may be made upon Soldiers, whereby his Majesty and the Publick may be deprived of their Service, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever, who is or shall be lifted, or who mall lift and enter himself as a Volunteer m his Majesty's Service as a Soldier, shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's Service by any Process or Execution whatsoever, other than for some criminal Matter, unless for a real Debt, or other jult Cnnfe of Action; and unless, before the taking out of such Process or Execution (not being for a criminal Matter), the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, or some other Person or Persons on his or their Behalf, shall make Affidavit before one or more Judge or Judges of the Court of Record, or other Court, out of which such Process or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorized to take Affidavits in such Courts, that to his or their Knowledge the original Sum, justly due and owing to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, from the Defendant or De^ fendants, in the Action, or Cause of Action, on which such Process shall issue, or the original Debt for which such Execution shall befued out, amounts to the Value of twenty Pounds at lead over and above all Costs of Suit in the same Action, or in any other Action on which the same shall be grounded 5 a Memorandum of which Oath shall be marked on the Back of such Process or Writ; for which Memorandum or Oath no Fee shall be taken: And if any Person shall nevertheless be arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for one or more Judge or Judges of such Court, upon Complaint thereof made by the Party himself, or by any his superior Officer, to examine into the same by the Oath of the Parties or otherwise, and by Warrant, under his or their Hands and Seals, to discharge such Soldier so arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act,

5 without

35

A.D. 1801. 4i* GEORGII III. ( '.) C.ii.

without wring any Fee or Fees, upon due Proof made before him or them, that such Soldier so smefted was lcgaihr inlisted as a Soldier in his Majesty's Service, and arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act; and also to award to the Party so complaining such Code as such Judge or Judges shall think reasonable; for the Recovery, whereof he shall have the like Remedy that the Person who takes out the said Execution might have had for his Costs, or the Plaintiff in the like Action might have had for the Recovery of his Coils, in case Judgment had been given for him with Coils against the Defendant in the said Action.

Lx VI. And, to the End that honed Creditors, who aim only at the Recovery of their just Debts due to them from Persons entered into and lifted in his Majesty's Service, may not be hindered from filing for the fame, bat on the contrary may be iffifted and forwarded in their Suits; and indead of an Arred, which may at once hurt the Service, and occasion a great Expence and Delay to themselves, may be enabled to proceed in a more eaiy and cheap Method; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and foe any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, upon Notice fird given in Writing of the Cause of Action to such Person or Persons so entered or left at his or their lad Place of Residence before such Lifting, to file a common Appearance in any Action to be brought for or upon Account of any Debt whatsoever, so as to entitle such Plaintiff to proceed therein to Judgment and Outlawry, and to have an Execution thereupon, other than against the Body or Bodies of him or them so lided as aforesaid; this A A, or any Thing herein, or any former Law or Statute, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from the passing of this Act, no Soldier, being arrested or confined for Debt in any Prison, Gaol, or other Hace, shall be entitled to any Part of his Pay Iran the Day of such Arrest or Confinement, until the Day of his Return to the Regiment, Troop, or Company to which he shall belong.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Commission Officer, Storekeeper, or Commissary, that shall embezzle or misapply, or cause to be embezzled or misapplied, or shall wilfully, or through Neglect, fufftr any Provisions, Forage, Aims, Clothing, Ammunition, or other Military Stores, to be Iptried or damaged, upon Proof thereof, upon Oath made by two Witnesses, before a General Court-martial, {which is hereby authorized and required to administer such Oath), shall be forthwith dismissed his Majesty's Service, and forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and is hereby required to make good, at his own Expence, the Loss and Damage thereby fudained, to be ascertained by such Court-martial, which shall have Power to seize the Goods and Chattels of the Person so offending, and fell them for the Payment of the said one hundred Pounds, and such Damage: And if.sufficient Goods and Chattels cannot be fourld and seized, then the Person so offending shall be committed to Prison or the common Gaol, there to remain for lix Months without Bail or Mainprize, and until he shall pay such Deficiency; and after the said Sum shall be recovered and levied, the same shall be applied and disposed of as his Majesty shall direct and appoint.

commuted. Applicator

LXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every non-commission Officer, who shall be convicted, at a General or Regimental Court-Martial, of having embezzled or misapplied any Money with which he may have been entrusted for the Payment of the Men under his Command, or for inKfting Men into his Majesty* Service, shall be reduced to serve in the Ranks as a private Soldier, and b$ put under Stoppages until the Money be made good, and suffer such corporal Punishment (not extending to Life or Limb) as the Court-martial shall think fit.

LXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Dar of March one thousand eight hundred and one, no Paymaster General, 6r Paymaster of the Army, Pay-tnafter of the Marines, Secretary at War, Commissary, Mutter-mailer, Paymaster of a Corps or Distric, or any other Officer whatsoever, or their under Officers, shall receive any Fees, or make any Deductions whatsoever* at of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier in his Majesty's Army, or from their Agents, which shall grow due from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one; other than the usual Deductions allowed by his Majesty's Regulations, and such other necessary Deductions as shall, from Time to Time, be directed by his Majesty, under nis Royal Sign Manual.

LXXI. And, 'for the Encouragement of the due and well clothing of the Troops, be it hereby further enacted, That the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, may, if he or they fee convenient, at the End of every two Months, issue the Money due for the Clothing of the several Regiments, Troops, and Companies, notwithstanding the Muster-rolls have not been duly returned: And the respective Paymasters are hereby directed to make Deductions of all Off-reckonings, and to pay the same to such Person or Persons only as have a regular Alignment for Clothes by him* or them delivered to the said Regiment, Troop, or Company; and the Receipt of such Person or Persons having or being lawfully entitled to such Alignment, to be from Time to Time taken for the fame; and when no such Alignment appears, the Off-reckonings to remain in the Hands of the said Paymaster respectively, for the Use of the Regiment, Troop, or Company, until a new Contract for Clothing, and Asignment, is made.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Paymaster, Agent, or Clerk of any Garrison, Regiment, Troop, or Company, 'shall wilfully detain or withhold, by the Space of one Month, the Pay of any Officer or Soldier, (Clothes and all other jull Allowances being deduced) after such Pay shall be by him or them received; or rt any Officers, having received their Soldiers' Pay, shall refuse to pay each non-commission Officer and Soldier their respective Pay, w'hen it shall become due, according to the several Rates established by his Majesty's Orders, then, upon rroof thereof before a Court-martial, as aforesaid, to be for that Purpose duly held and summoned, every such Paymaster, Agent, Clerk, or Officer, so offending, shall be discharged from his Employment, and shall forfeit to the Informer, upon Conviction before the said Court, one hundred Pounds, to be levied as aforesaid; and the Informer, if a Soldier (if demands it), shall be, and he is hereby discharged from any further Service; any Thine in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

F 2 LXXTIt. A ad

Plaintiff may file a Common Appearance.

Soldier* while confined for Debt, shall not receive Pay.

Officer embezzling, &c. Military Stores,

shall he cnftiicr-ed, and forfeit ioo/. and the Damage, to be made good by Sale of his Goods and Chattels: For want of Distress, the Offender shall be of the Forfeiture. Non-commission Officer* embezzling Soldier!' Pay, &c. shall be reduced, &c.

No Paymaster, &c. shall make Deductions out of Officers or private Meu'i*»>

Exception.

Treasury may issue out the Money due f'r CIot!ii:g every two Mouths.

Pay n tr

deduct Iir OtT-

rccJcoeirgs.

Agents, &c. detaining Officers or Soldieii* Pay, shall be cashierod, and forfeit iooL

Apint< <Tifol ry-in*' '; l*0.«!c: % ihnltbi C lfll-u: i <1.

&c.

arcount vdth Executors.

Officer?, &c. of the Train? of Artillery, See. subject to thii

Act.

American Tr<x>ps, acting Iji conjunction, with his Majesty's other Forces liable to the same Martial Laws.

CMcert and Soldier? of the American Troops font over to Great Britain,

/hall be quartered and billeted as his Majesty's other Forces; and under the same Regulations and Penalties.

This Act shall not extend to the Militia further tS.m ic directed by the Militia Laws.

Exception.

Militia and Fen-cible Men, when ia actual

C.II. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

LXXIII. And, for the better Execution hereof, and that a true and regular Account may be kept and rendered by the Agents of the several Regiments and Independent Troops and Companies* the said .Agents arc .herehv required and directed to observe such Orders and Directions as shall from Time to Time be given by his, Majesty, under his Sign Manual, or by his Majesty's Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or by the Lord Ttrafurer/ or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being; and if any Agent shall refuse or neglect to observe and comply with fuefh Orders and Directions, he shall be discharged from his Office, and be utterly di£-abled to have or hold any such Office in his Majesty's Service.

LXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every present and future Paymaster, Agent, or Clerk of any Garrison, Regiment, Troop, or Company, who is or shall be liable to account with any of the Executors and Administrators of every Officer or Soldier, for any of the Pay of such ^Officer or Soldier by him or them received, shall, on reasonable Demand made by such Executor or Administrator, deliver a just and true Account to any such Executor or Administrator of such Sum or Sums of Money as he or they mail have so respectively received for such Officer or Soldier, and for which they ought so to account as aforesaid, such Executor or Administrator paying for the same; and shall account with such Executor or Administrator for the fame; and that every such Paymaster, Agent, or Clerk of any Garrison, Regiment, Troop, or Company, offending herein, shall forfeit the like Penalties, and to be recovered in like Manner, a* appointed by this Act for such Colonels or Agents not giving due Accounts of or for the Pay of the said Officers or Soldiers, to and for such Officers and Soldiers themselves.

LXXV. 4 And whereas it may otherwise be doubted, whether the Officers and Persons serving in the Royal Artillery, and those hired to be employed in the Trains of Artillery, or the Officers serving in the Corns of Royal Engineers, or the Officers and persons serving in the Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftsmeu, or in the Corps of Royal Military' Artificers and Labourers, or the Master Gunners, and Gunnere under the Ordnance, be within the Intent and Meaning of this Act it is hereby enacted, by the Authority aforesaid* That the Officers and Persons serving and hired to be employed, or who mall serve and be hired to be employed, in the Royal Artillery, and in the several Trains of Artillery, and all Officers serving or who shall serve in the Corps of Royal Engineers, and all Officers and Persons serving or who shall serve in the Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftsmen or in the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers, and all Master Gunners, and Gunners who now are or shall be under the Ordnance, shall be at all Times subject to all the Penalties and Punishments mentioned in this Act, and shall, in all Respects whatsoever, be holden to be within the Intent and Meaning of every Part of this Act, during the Continuance of the same; and shall be quartered and billeted together With the Horses employed for the Service of the said Corps, in the same Manner and under the same Penalties and Regulations as are directed by this Act to be observed in quartering and billeting the Officers, Soldiers, and Horses of his Majesty's other Forces; and all Innkeepere and others on whom the Officers and Persons serving in the said Corps, and the Horses employed therein, shall be legally quartered, refusing to receive and provide for them as is directed for the Officers, Soldiers, and Horses of his Majesty's other Forces, shall be subject to the same Penalties as in the Case of his Majesty's other Forces.

LXXVI. 4 And whereas great Mischief and Inconvenience may arise, if it should be doubted whether Troops in pay, raised in any of his Majesty's Provinces in America, by Authority of the respective Governors or Governments thereof, are, while acting in conjunction with his Majesty's other Forces under the Command of an Officer having a Commission immediately from his Majesty, liable to the same Rules and Articles of War, and the same Penalties and Punishments, as his Majesty's other Forces are subject to To prevent such Mischief, and to remove all Doubts, be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Officers and Soldiers of any Troops, being muttered and in pay, which are or shall be raised in America as aforesaid, shall at all Times and in all Places, when they happen to join or aft in conjunction with his Majesty's other Forces, be liable to Martial Law and Discipline, in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as his Majesty's other Forces are, and shall be subject to the lame Trial, Penalties, and Punishments.

LXXVII. 4 And whereas the Officers and Soldiers of the said Troops being taken Prisoners in America, are frequently sent over to Great Britain, in a very distressed condition: And whereas their Pay is not sufficient to*provide them with necessary Lodgings and Accommodations; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, during the Continuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Constables, and other Civil Magistrates within England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers of the said American Troops in all such Houses as are liable by this Act to receive the Officers and Soldiers of his Majesty's other Forces; and the said Constables and other Civil Magistrates, are hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers of the said American Troops in the same Manner, and under the same Regulations and Penalties, as are directed by this Act to be observed in quartering and billeting the Officers and Soldiers of his Majesty's other Forces; and all Persons on whom the Officers and Soldiers of the said Troops shall be legally quartered, refusing to receive and provide for them, as is directed for the Officers and Soldiers of his Majesty's other Forces, shall be subject to the same Penalties as in the Case of his Majesty's other Forces.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be anyways construed to extend, to concern any of the Militia Forces in Great Britain or Ireland, or in strfcy, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, or Many or the Islands thereto belonging, excepting only in such Case wherein, by any Act or Acts for regulating any of the Militia Forces in Great Britain or Ireland, the Provisions contained in this Act, or in any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, which shall be then in force, are extended and meant to take place in respect to the Officers of the Militia, and private Militia Men, in Great Britain and Ireland; and also except so far as relates to the mustering of the said Militia Forces according to the Pxovisions herein after mentioned.

LXXIX. And, for the better ascertaining the Number of offeftive Men of the Regiments of Militia, when embodied and in actual Service, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing ct

6 this

37

Service, shall be regularly muf-tered, &c.

In what Cases this Act shall extendio Jersey, Guernsey, &c.

[General Issue.]

Persons sued may plond the

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) C. 11.

this Act, every Reghndnt or Corps of MilitA and Fencible Men, when embodied and in actual Service, shall be regularly muflered by Commiflkries appointed for that Purpose, in the same Manner, and as often as the Rest of the Army is usually muflered; and the Magistrates shall have the same Powers and Authorities, and both Officers and Men shall be subject to the same Regulations, Restrictions, and Penalties, as are imposed on the Officers and Soldiers of the Rest of the Army by virtue of this Act.

LXXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be construed to extend to the Island8 of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, as to the Clauses therein for muttering and paying, and to the Provisions for the Trial and Punishment of Officers and Soldiers, who shall be charged with Mutiny or Desertion, or any other of the Offences which are by this Act declared to be piwiihable by the Sentence of a General Court-martial; and also to the Clauses which relate to thfe Punishment of Persons who shall conceal Deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms,

Clothes, Caps, or other Furniture, belonging to the King, or any such Articles generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, from any Soldier or Deserter, or who shall cause the Colour of such Clothes to be changed.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Bill, Plaint, or Suit, shall be brought against any Person or Persons, for any Act, Matter, or Thing, to be acted or done in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons, sued as aforesaid, to plead thereunto the General Issue, that he or they are not Guilty, and to give such fp.ecial Matter in evidence to the Jury which shall try the Issue 5 which special Matter being pleaded had been a good and sufficient Matter in Law to have discharged the said Defendant or Defendants of the Trespass or other Matter laid to his or their

Charge 2 And if the Verdict shall pass with the said Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein become nonsuit, or fuffier any Difieontinuance thereof; that in every such Case the Justice or Justices, or such other Judge, before whom the said Matter shall be tried, shall, by force and virtue of this Adfc, allow unto the Defendant or Defendants his or their treble Colls, which he or they shall have sustained by reason Treble Costs,

4a their wrongful Vexation in defence of the said Action or Suit; for which the said Defendant or Defendants ffeU have the like Remedy as in other Cases where Cotts by the Laws of this Realm are given to Defendants.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Bill, Plaint, Action, or Suit, All Suit?: shall

against any Person or Persons, for any Act, Matter, or Thing, to be acted or done in pursuance of this Act, or brought ia

against any Member or Minister of a Court-martial, in respect of any Sentence of such Court, or of any Thing Comrts of Redone by virtue or in pursuance of such Sentence, shall be brought in some of the Courts of Record at Westmin- cord at West-jier, or in Dublin, or the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court whatsoever. mirifter, or in

Dublin, or the Court of Session in Scotland.

LXXXIII. And whereas by an Act of the British Parliament, made in the first Year of the Reign of King Where Penalties ' George the First, intituled, An Act for the more cjftdual and exemplary Punishment of such Persons as shall /educe ' Soldiers to desert; or, being Papists, flailirdifl themselves in his Majesty's Service, in Great Britain or Ireland, or in

the Islands ©/'Jersey or Guernsey, it is enabled, That any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall, directly or indirectly, perifuade or procure, or endeavour to persuade or proc ure, any Soldier or Soldiers in the Service of his Majesty, or of his Heirs or Successors, to desert; such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, should forfeit the Sum of forty Pounds; and that if such Offender shall not have fumcient to pay the same, or if from the Circumstances and Heinousness of the Crime it shall be thought proper and convenient, the Court before which the said Conviction shall be made may award the Offender torrifon, there to remain for any Time not exceeding six Months, and also to Hand in the Pillory for one HourNow be it enacted, That for such Offences as shall be committed against the said recited Act within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Penalties thereby enabled shall be sued for and be recoverable in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and for such Offences against the said Act as shall be committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the same shall be sued for and be recoverable in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and for such Offences against the said Act as shall be committed within the Island of Guernsey, the same shall be sued for and be recoverable in the Royal Court of Guernsey; and for such Offences against the said Act as shall be committed within the Island of jferfey, the same shall be sued for and be recoverable in the Royal Court of Jcr--fey; any Thing in the find recited Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, or in the Isles of Alderney, Sark, 91* Man, by Words or other Means whatsoever, directly or indirectly, persuade oi procure any Soldier or Soldiers in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to desert or leave such Service as aforesaid, ever)' such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or to any other Person or Persons who shall sue for the fame, the Sum of forty Pounds; and if it shall happen that any such Offender so convicted as aforesaid, hath not any Goods and Chattels, Lands, or Tenements, to the Value of forty Pounds, to pay and satisfy the fame, or if from the Circumstances and Heinousness of the Crime it shall be thought proper and convenient, the Court before which the said Conviction shall be made as aforesaid, shall award the said Offender to Prison, there to remain for any Time not exceeding six Months, without Bail or Mainprize, and also to Hand in the Pillory for the Space of one Hour, in some Market Town next adjoining to the Place where the Offence was committed, in open Market there, or in the Market Town itself where the said Offence was committed.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That for such of the said Offences as shall be committed within that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, the Penalties herein enacted shall be sued for and be recoverable in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin; and for such of the said-Offences as shall be committed within the Isles of Alderney and Sark, the Penalties herein enacted shall be sued fur and be recoverable in the Royal Court of Guernsey; and for such of the said pffer.ces act shall be committed within the Isle of Man, the Penalties herein enacted shall be sued for and be recoverable in any of the Courts of Record in the said Island, or in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at U'eflmnflet.

v LXXXVI. Pro-.

against Slat.

1 Geo. r. ft. 2. c. 47.forpunish-ing Persons reducing Soldiers to defeit, shall be sued for in England, Scotland, & Ck

Similar Penalties on Persons persuading Soldiers to desert in Ireland-, & c*

Where such Penalties shall bt sued lor.

3*8

Limitation of inch Actions six Months.

Offences against former Mutiny JLdh shall he punishable by this Act

Limitation of Prosecutioni for such Offences three Years, &c*

Fotm of Coq-viction.

Continuance of hi* Act.

[Act, in Part, may be altered this Session. [Seec. 35.]

C. 11. +1° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

LXXXVL. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Action shall be brought, or Prosecution carried on by virtue of this A A, for the Penalties aforesaid, unless the same be commenced within six Months after the Offence is committed.

LXXXVII. And, in order to prevent all Doubts that may arise in relation to punishing Crimes and Offences committed against former Acts of Parliament made in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, /<?r punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the letter Payment of the Army and their Quarters, or again# any of the Articles of War made and estabiished by virtue of the same; be it enacted byhe Authority aforesaid, That ail Crimes and Offences which have been committed again# any Act for puxushing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, or again# any of the Articles of War, made and established by virtue of the same, shall and may, during the Continuance of this Act, be enquired of, heard, tried, and determined, adjudged, and punished, before and by the like Courts, Persons, Powers, Authorities, Ways, Means, and Methods, as the like Crimea and Offences committed against this Act may be enquired of, luard, tried, determined, adjudged and punished: And the Proceedings of a Court-martial upon any Trial, begun under the Authority of such former Act, shall not be discontinued by the Expiration of the same, but k shall be lawful to proceed to Judgment upon such Trial, and to carry nich Judgment into Execution, in like Manner as if the Proceedings had been commenced under the Authority of this Act.

LXXXVIII. Provided always, That no Person shall be liable to be tried and punished for any Offence again# any of the said Acts, or Articles of War, which shall appear to have been committed more than three Years before the issuing of the Commission or Warrant for such Trial; unless the Person accused, by reason of his having absented himfrif, or of some other manifest Impediment, shall not have been amenable to justice within that Period; in which Case such Person shall be liable to be tried at any Time not exceeding two Years after the Impediment shall have ceased.

LXXXIX. And, for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it enacted, That in case any Person shall be convicted of any Offences by which they shall become liable to any of the pecuniary Penalties under this Act, the following shall be the Form of Conviction

A County of 7 TIE it remembered. That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

at in the County aforesaid, A.B. came before us C.D. and E. F. two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said County, and informed us, upon Oath, that G. H.

4 of on the Day of now last past, at in the said County,

did (here set forth the Salt in the Manner described in the Statute); whereupon the said G. H* after being duly summoned to answer the said Charge, appeared before us the said Justices of the

Day of at in the said County, and having heard the Chaig-e contained in the said Information, declared that he was not guilty of the said Offence; but the fafr.fr

being fully proved upon the Oath of J. K. a credible witness, it mantfeftly appears to us the said Justices, that he the said G. H. is guilty of the said Offence charged upon him in the said Information. It is therefore considered and adjudged by us, the said Justices, that he the said G. H. be convicted; and we do hereby convict him of the Offence aforesaid; and we do hereby declare and adjudge that the said G. H. hath forfeited the Sum of for the Offence aforesaid, to be

distributed as the Law directs, according to the Statute in that Case made and provided.

' Given, et cetera.*

XC. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be and continue in force, within Great Britain, from the twenty-fourth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and one, until the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and two; and shall be and continue in force within Ireland, from the thirty-first Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hunched and one, until the first Day of April in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and two; and shall be and continue in force in Guernsey, Alderney, Sari, and Many and the

Islands thereto belonging, as to such Parts thereof as relate to those Places respectively, from the thirtieth Day of April in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and one, until the first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and two; and shall be and continue in force within the Garrison of Gibraltar, and in his Majesty's other Dominions beyond the Seas, as to such Parts thereof as relate to those Places respectively, from the twenty-fourth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and two, until the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and three.

XCI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act, so far as relates to the Allowances to be made for the quartering of Soldiers and providing for their Horses, or for the Provision of Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges or other Vessels, and Men, or as relates to any Matters which may regard that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland\ may be altered and varied by any Act or Acts to be made in this Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULE (A).

FORM OF OATH.

T do make Oath, That I am by Trade a and, to the be# of my Know'-

ledge and Belief, vras born in the Parish of in the County of and that I have

no Rupture, nor ever was troubled with Fits, and am no w ays disabled by Lameness, or otherwise, but have the perfect Use of my Limbs; that I am not an Apprentice, and that I do not belong to the Militia, or to

' any*

39

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.)C. 11, 12.

any other7R$giment, or to his Majesty's Navy or Marines, As Witness my Hand at the

Day of one thousand eight hundred

Sworn before me at T

this Day of 180 j Witness present

SCHEDULE (B).

FORM OF JUSTICE'S CERTIFICATE.

> T An B. one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of (or Chief Magiff^Ite,

to wit. J of)certify, that C. D., aged Years Feet Inches

high. Complexion, Eyes, Hair, came before me at on the

Day of _ 180, and acknowledged that he had voluntarily inlisted himself to serve his Majesty King George the Third, in the Regiment of commanded by.And I further certify*

That, in my Presence, the second and sixth Sections of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertioa war read over to him, and that he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the mid Articles of War, and also. the Oath above set forth. A. B-

Videlicet, the Oath mentioned in 7 the Schedule marked (A). }

CAP. XII.

An Act to amend an Act made in the thirty-Gxth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to permit Bakers to snake and fell certain Sorts of Bread.

[24th March, 1801/J

WHEREAS by an Act made in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to permit Bakers to make and Jell certain Sorts of Bread, all persons are allowed to make and sell

in any Place, under certain Provisions and Restrictions, the several Sorts of Loaves in the said Act particularly

dcCcnbed, made of the whole Produce of the Wheat, deducting only five Pounds Weight of Bran per Bushel 5 or made of any Sort of Wheaten Flour, mixed with Meal or Flour of Bariey, Rye, Oats, Buck

Wheat, Indian Corn, Prease, Beans, Rice, or any other Kind of Grain whatsoever, or with Potatoes, in such Proportions and at such Prices, for the said Loaves respectively, as the Maker and Setter thereof shall deem proper and reasonable, whether anj Assize of Bread shall be set in such Place or not: And whereas it is de-

arable to encourage the making 01 good and wholesome Bread, containing a larger Proportion of the Produce of

Wheat than is contained in the Bread upon which the Assize is usually set, and for that Purpose to extend the Provisions of the said Act, so far as the some relate to the making and Celling of Wheateo Bread ? And where -

as it is expedient to amend the said Act, so for as the same relates to the marking of any such Wheaten Bread or any Mixed Bread, and to felling such Mixed Bread; and for that Purpose to repeal certain Provisions of the said Act, and to enact other Provisions in lieu thereof}' be it therefore enacted oy the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, is this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever, in any Place whatever, and whether any Assize or Price of Bread shall be set in such Place or not, to make, bake, fell, and expose to Sale, Peck Loaves, Half Peck Loaves, Quartern Loaves, and Half Quartern Loaves, made of Wheaten Meal or Flour of the whole Produce of the W'heat, or with the Bran only, or the Bran and Pollards, or any Proportion of the Bran and Pollards, or any other Part of the Produce of such Wheat taken therefrom, at any Price at which any Person may be willing to pur-ebafe the same: Provided always, That the Price at which any Bread allowed to be sold by the said Act, or by this Act, shall in all Cases be less than the Price of the Wheaten Bread upon which an Assize or Price shall be Crt, in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament, in the Place where such other Wheaten Bread shall be made or (old, or expoied to Sale, any Act or Acts, or Law, Custom, or Ufoge, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said recited Act as relates to the marking of any Wheaten Bread, or any Mixed Bread, or to the affixing, in a conspicuous Part of any Shop or Window, any Specification of the Proportion of any Mixtures composing any Bread, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Person who shall make r bake for Sale any Wheaten Bread, made of any Meal or Flour, of an inferior Quality to the Flour used for the Bread on which an Assize or Price shall be set pursuant to any Act or Acts of" Parliament, or any Mixed Bread, shall imprint, or distinctly mark upon every Loaf of such Wheaten Bread, a large Roman H* and upon every Loaf of inch Mixed Bredd a large Roman X.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall omit to imprint or distinctly mark any such Wheaten or Mixed Bread pursuant to the Directions of this Act, or shall not well make any such Wrheaten or Mixed Bread, or shall adulterate the same with any Mixture or Ingredient, not allowed to be used in the making of Bread; or shall make or bake for Sale, or sell or expose to Sale, any such Peck Loaves, Half Peck Loaves, Quartern Loaves, or Half Quartern Loaves, or any other Loaves deficient in weight, according to the Assize of Loaves of such Denominations respectively contained in any Act or Acts in force relating to the Assize and Price of Bread, or according to any Assize that shall be set in pursuance of any such Act or Acts, all

and

36 Geo.

Any Person may make and sell Loaves made of Flour of the whole Produce of the \V heat, o* with the Bran, See. taken there* from, at any Price left than* the Assize Price of the Place.

§ 2. of recited Act to marking of Wlieaten or Mixed Br< ad, &c. repealed.

How Bread of an inferior Quality to the Assize Bread, or mixed Bread shall be marked.

Persons whoftali notmaik such Bread, or not

w % ll irakt it, or adulterate it, or ma ke it def.c ient in weight, shall be liable to the present Penal-

40 C. 12, 13. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

tics with respect to Bread.

A£h in force relating to weighing and adul-tcrating of Bread, shall extend to this Atf.

Half Quartern

Loaves may be made, on which an Assize and Priceihall be fi t, and provisions of former A<£H extended to such Loaves.

Saving of the Rights of London, and the Baker's Comply-

41G. 3. fa. Ji.)

c. 10. recited.

In lieu of the Bounties granted by the recited Act, on Flour imported from America, the Bounties herein mentioned shall be paid on the Importation thereof'into Great Britain.

and every Perfop and Persons offending therein shall be liable to the same or the like Pains, Penalties* Forfei* tures, and Punishments, as any Bakers or Makers of Bread for Sale are liable to* for any the like or similar* Misdemeanor8, Offences, or Neglects, in making, felling, or exposing to or for Sale any Bread.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions* Regulations, Clauses, Matters, and Things, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in any Act or Acts now in force contained, relating to the weighing*any Bread made for Sale, or exposed to Sale, or searching for any Ingredient wherewith any Meal, Flour, or Bread may he adulterated, shall be, and are hereby extended and made applicable to, and shall be applied in the enforcing of the Provisions of this Act, in as full and ample a Manner as if the same had been severally and fepantfely re-enacted in this Act.,

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for every Baker and Maker of Bread for Sale, and every Seller of Bread, to make* bake, and fell Loaves, called Half Quarter of a Peck Loaves, which shall weigh two Pounds two Ounces twelve Drachms, and* on which an Assize and Price shall be set as near as can be in proportion to other Bread, according to the Rules and Regulations now in force by any Act or Acts for setting and regulating the Price and Assize of Bread; and all and every the Clauses, Matters, and Things in the said Acts, or any other Acts contained relating to setting and ascertaining any Assize or Price of Bread, and also to the weighing any Bread made for Sale, or exposed to Sale, or adulterating any Bread, or felling any Bread before it has been baked a certain Time, shall be, and are hereby extended and made applicable to the setting and ascertaining of such Assize and Price, and to the Bakers, Makers, and Sellers of such Loaves, called Hinf Quarter of a Peck Loaves, in as full and ample a Manner, as if the same were repeated, and severally re-enacted in this Act.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, shall in any ways affect or infringe upon the Rights and Privileges of the City of London, or of the Worshipful Company of Bilkers of the said City.

" Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §

CAP. XIII.

An Act for increasing the Bounties granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, on Flour

imported from America, in Ships which shall have cleared out between certain Periods.

[24th March 1801.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting BounVV ties on the Importation of Wheats Barley, Rye, Oats, Pease, Beans, amt Indian Com, and of Barley, Rye,

Oat, and Indian Meal, and IVkcaten Flour and Rice: And whereas it is expedient that the Bounties thereby granted on the Importation of Wheaten Flour from America should be increased on Flour imported into Great Britain from America in Ships which shall have cleared out from any Ports in America between certain Periods

herein after-mentioned be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That on every Barrel of superfine Wheaten Flour, of one hundred and ninety-six Pounds Weight, which shall be imported into Great Britain in any Ship which shall have cleared out from any Port in America between the twelfth Day of November one thousand eight hundred, and the tenth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, and shall be sold by publick Sale by Auction, within two Months after Importation, there shall be paid and allowed in lieu ana instead of the Bounties by the said Act granted, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Barrel of such Flour so fold shall be lets than eighty Shillings; and on every Barrel of fine Wheaten Flour, of one hundred and ninety-six Pounds Weight, which shall be imported into Great Britain in any Ship which shall have cleared out from any Port in America between the twelfth Day of November one thousand eight hundred, and the tenth Day of fanuary one thousand eight hundred and one, and shall be sold by publick Sale by Auction, within two Months after Importation, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Barrel of such Flour so fold shall be left than seventy-eight Shillings, in lieu and inilead of the Bounty granted by the said Act; and on every Barrel of superfine Wheaten Flour, of one hundred and ninety-six Pounds Weight, which dial 1 be imported into Great Bn-tain in any Ship which shall have cleared out from any Port in America between the tenth Day of Jartunry and the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, and shall he sold by publick Sale by Auction, within two Months after Importation, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Barrel of such Flour so fold shall be le(s than ninety Shillings, in lieu and inilead of the Bounty granted by the; said Act ? and on every Barrel of fine Flour, of one hundred and ninety-six Pounds Weight, which shall be imported into Great Britain in any Ship which shall have cleared out from any Port in America between the tenth Day of January and the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, and shall be sold by publick Sale by Auction, within two Months after Importation, a Bounty equal to/ the Sum by which the actual Price of each Barrel of such Flour so fold shall be less than eighty-eight Shillings, in lieu and inilead of the Bounty grauted by the said Act: Provided always, That due Proof shall be made to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, that such Ships cleared out between the respective Pc* nods before mentioned.

A.D. 1801.

4i° GEORGII IIr.

C. 14, 15.

41

CAP. XIV.

An Act for amending and further continuing, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one, two Acts, passed in that Part of the United Kingdom called Irelandin the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Suppression of the Rebellion which still exists within that Kingdom, and for the Protection of the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's faithful Subjects within the same.

[24th March 1801.]

WHEREAS in consequence of the Rebellion which unhappily broke out in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, called Ireland, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ' ninety-eight, an Atl was passed in Ireland, in the thirty-ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Suppression of the Rebellion which fill unhappily exists within this Kingdom, and for the Protection of the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's faithful Subjects within the same; and which Act was revived, with Amendments, by another Act, passed in Ireland, in the fortieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to revive, with Amendments, an Act, faffed the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Suppression of the 1 Rebellion which fill unhappily exists within this Kingdom, and for the Protrdion of the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's faithful Subjects within the same And whereas the present State of Ireland makes it necessary,

1 for the publick Safety, and for the Protection of the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's faithful Subjects against the moll daring Outrage* which Hill continue to be committed in Furtherance.and Prosecution of the said Rebellion, that the Powers and Provisions in the said Acts contained Should be further continued for 4 a limited Time; be it therefore enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confer* of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Powers and Provisions in the said recited Adh contained shall continue and be in force, within that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and one, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one, and no longer.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Courts-martial to be constituted and appointed under the Authority of this Act, shall consist of Commissioned Officers of the Line, Fencible or Militia Regiments, or Yeomanry Corps, not Iefs in Number than seven nor more than thirteen; any Thing in the said recited Act of the fortieth Year of his present Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided also, That no Sentence of Death shall be given again!? any Offender by such Court-martial, aaids the Judgment shall pals by the Concurrence of two Thirds, at lcall, of the Officers present.

two Third* of tbs

49 Act may be repealed or amended this Session." Session 4.

[Further continued till March 2^, 1802. Pqft. c. 61.J

Irish Acts,

39 G. 3. c. 11; and 40G.3. c. recited.*

Recited continued until June 24, 1801

How Courts-martial shall be con ft it u ted.

No Sentence of Death shall be given, unless Members concur.

CAP. XV.

An Act to continue until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one, an Act, made in the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as be or they shall fufp*H for conspiring againf his A/Iajefy s Person and Government.

[24th March 1801.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons ns be or they shall suspect for conspiring againf his Majests Person and Government: And whereas it is

necessary for the Safety of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, that the Provisions of the said Act should be continued be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person or Persons that is, are, or shall be in Prison within that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland^ at or upon the Day upon which this Act shall receive his Majesty's Royal AJlent, or after, by Warrant of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, signed by fix of the said Privy Council, for High Treason, Suspicion of High Trea-foa, or treasonable Practices, or by Warrant signed by the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Secretary, for such Causes a* aforesaid, may be detained in safe Custody, without Bail or Mainprize, until the twenty-fourth Day of Jmne one thousand eight hundred and one; and that no Judge or Justice of the Peace shall bail or try any such rerson or Persons so committed, without Order from his said Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, signed by fix of the said Privy Council, until the said twenty-fiiurrh Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Irish A A,

40 G. 3. c. 18, recited.

Person?! in Prison in Ireland at the Time of the parting this Act or j He I-wards, ly Wariant of the Privy Council of Ireland, or of the Lord Lieutenant, or Chief See let ary lor High Treason, he. may be

detained till June 24, 1801, and shall not before that Day be bailed or tried, without Order from the said Privy Council.

II. And be it further enacted, That in Cases where any Person or Persons have been, before the passing of this Act, or shall be, during the Time this Act shall continue in force, arrelled, committed, or detained in Custody, by force of a Warrant or Warrants of his Majesty's said most Honourable Privy Council of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, signed by fix of the said Privy Council, for High Treason, Suspicion of High Treason, or treasonable Practices, of by Warrant or Warrants signed by the Lord Lieutenant or his Chief Secretary, for such Causes as aforesaid> it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to whom 41 Geo. III. (U.K.J G such

Such Persons may be detained in any Place in Ireland, and the Persons in whole Custody they are, and the Place ia width

42

they are detained may be changed by Warrant of the Lord Lieutc-stant, &c*

Copies of such Warrants shall be filed in the Crown Office in Dublin.

Saving of Privileges of Parliament.

TTntil March j_>, 1802, no Malt shall be made in Ireland of Corn or Grain, on Penalty of 20J. for each Barrel, and Fotfeiture of the Malt, Corn, or Grain.

Until March 2 5, 1802, no Spirits shall be distilled from Corn or Grain, Sec. on Penalty of 500l. and Forfeiture of the Spirits, Sec.

Servants employed in making such Malt or Spirits fhalffur-ftit 10l.

Offenders shall, for subsequent Offences, suffer one Year's Imprisonment.

The Lord Lieutenant, with the Advice of the Privy Council of

C. 15, 16. 41° GEORGII III. (U. JSC.)A.D. 1801.

such Warrant or Warrants have been or shall be directed, to detain such Person or Persons so arrefUd or committed, in his or their Custody, in any Place whatever within that Part of the said United Kingdom; and that such Person or Persons to whom such Warrant or Warrants have been or shall be directed, shall be deemed and taken to be, to all Intents and Purposes, lawfully authorized to detain in safe Custody, and to be the lawful Gaolers and Keepers of such Persons so arrested, committed, or detained, and that such Place and Places where such Persons so arrested, committed, or detained, are or shall be detained in Custody, shall be deemed and taken9 to all Intents and Purposes, to be lawful Prisons and Gaols for the Detention in safe Custody of such Person and Persons; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant of that Part of the United Kingdom for the Time being, by Warrant signed by him; or the Chief Secretary of such Lord Lieutenant, by Warrant signed by such Chief Secretary; or for his Majesty's Privy Council of that Part of the United Kingdom, by Warrant signed by fix of the said Privy Council, from Time to Time, as occasion shall be, to change the Person or Persons by whom, and the Place in which such Person or Persons so arrested, committed, or detained, shall be detained in safe Custody.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That Copies of such Warrants respectively shall be transmitted to the Clerk of the Crown, and shall be filed by him in the publick Office of the Pleas of the Crown at the City of Dublin.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall he construed to extend to invalidate the ancient Rights and Privileges of Parliament, or to the Imprisonment or Detaining of any Member of either House of Parliament, during the Sitting of such Parliament, until the Matter of which he stands suspected be first communicated to the House of which he is a Member, and the Consent of the said House obtained for his Commitment or Detaining.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to prohibit until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, the making of Malt and the distilling of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Ireland.

[24th March 1801.]

WHEREAS it is necessary to prohibit the making of Malt and the distilling of Spirits from Corn or Grain in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for a limited Time; therefore it enabled by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, until and upon the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to make Malt in Ireland of any Corn or Grain whatsoever; and if any Person or Persons shall, from and afterhe passing of this Act, make, or cause or suffer to be made, any Malt of Corn or Grain, or shall wet or put into Steep, or cause or suffer to be wetted or put into Steep, any Corn or Grain, or shall put or cause to be put on any Kiln any wetted or malted Corn or Grain, or any Corn or Grain which had been wetted or malted, or shall cause to be put any Corn or Grain into any Process of manu-fa&uring into Malt, or any Part of such Process, or if any Person shall have in his or her Possession any such Malt of Corn or Grain, or any Corn or Grain in Process for manufacturing into Malt, every such Person as aforesaid shall, for every Barrel of such Malt or Corn or Grain, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, and all such Malt or Corn or Grain in Process as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Justice of the Peace, or by any Officer of Excise in Ireland.

II. And be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act until and upon the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to distil or make any Spirits or Strong Waters from any Corn or Grain whatsoever, or from any Malt or Tilts, or from Meal, Flour, or Bran, or any Mixture with the fame, or to brew or make, or prepare for brewing or making, any Worts or Pot-ale, from any Corn or Grain, or from any Malt or Tilts, or from Meal, Flour, or Bran, or any Mixture with the fame, for the making of Spirits, or to m&ke any Singlingo from any such Pot-ale; and if any Person or Persons shall, during the said Term, diflil or make, or cause or suffer to be distilled or made, any such Spirits or Strong Waters, or brew or make, or cause to be brewed or made, or shall prepare for brewing or making, or have in Iris or her Possession any such Worts or Pot-ale, or if any Person shall make or cause to be made, or have in his or her Possession any such Singlingo, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds; and all Spirits or Strong Waters distilled or made from Corn or Grain, or from Malt, Tilts, Meal, Flour, or Bran, or any Mixture with the fame, during the Time aforesaid, and ail Preparation for brewing such Worts and Pot-ale, and all such Worts, Pot-ale, Wash, and Singlingo, found during the Time aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Justice of the Peace, or by any Officer of Excise in Ireland.

III. And be it enacted, That every Servant, Workman, or labourer, employed or assisting in any Part of the Process of making any Corn or Grain into Malt, or in any Part of the Process of making or distilling any Spirits from any Coni or Grain, or from Malt, Tilts, Meal, Flour, or Bran, mixed or unmixed with any other Material, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds.

IV. And be it enacted, That if any Person on whom any such Fine as aforesaid shall he inflicted, shall in due Course of Law be convicted of any subsequent Offence against this Act, every such Person shall be adjudged to suffer one Year's Imprisonment in the Common Gaol of the County in which such Conviction shall be.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, with the Advice of his Majesty's Privy Council of Ireland for any Time or Times respectively, as they shall think fit, after the first Day of O&obtr one thousand eight hundred and one, by Proclamation, to allow the making of Malt and the distilling of Spirits from Corn or

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) C. 16, 17. 43

Grain, Malt, Tilts, Meal, Flour, or Bran, or any Mixture with the fame, or either of them, for such Time or Ire!*n<b may-, Times, and under such Limitations, restrictions, and Regulations, as shall in such Proclamation be expressed; and no Person in respect of any Act allowed by any such Proclamation to be done, shall be subject to any Penalty or m-xicLtmf M*ir Punishment inflicted by this Act. and ttedistilli*

of Spirits from Corn or Grain, See.

VI. And be it enacted, That all pecuniary Fines and Penalties inflicted by this Act, shall be sued for and Penalties may be recovered, levied and applied, in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Shears, and with such Powers ^covered, Iceland Authorities as are prescribed, directed, and appointed, in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in^'^reaed by-the fourteenth and fifteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, an Act Kaccife for the settling of the Excise or new Impofl upon his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates Laws. therein inserted, or by any other Law or Xaws relative to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, as fully and effec- [Iri/kAS, tually to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposts, as if the same were expressed in this Act, with like Remedy t.

of Appeal to and for the Party who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured as, in and by the*'* said Act of Excise, or any other Law or Laws relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise in Ireland, is provided.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, certain Acts of the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, for granting Duties to his Majesty.

[24th March 1801.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his pre- Recital of IrA«W sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting for one Tear the several Duties therein mentioned, in lieu of all A£Uof 40G. j.

other Duties payable upon the Articles therein spectfed during the said Term, and for regulating the Trade between«* c. f i thit Kingdom and his majesty's Colonies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; which Act was to continue in

«force until and upon the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one: And whereas t mother Act was made in the same Session of the said Parliament of Ireland, intituled, An Act for ascertaining the c. 14.

Stock of Foreign Wines belonging to Dealers in and Sellers of such Wines, on the twenty-fifth of March one thousand eight hundred, and for securing certain Duties of Excise thereony and for granting to his Majesty a further Duty on 1 Rum imported, and certain Duties on the Exportation of certain Goods to the British Plantations in America and the

West Indies, in lieu of all ether Duties; by which certain Duties were granted on the Importation into Ireland

of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes therein mentioned, in addition to the Duties granted by the said i first recited Act on the Importation of the like Goods and Merchandizes into Irelandf and other Duties were«also thereby granted on the Exportation from Ireland of certain other Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes therein e mentioned in lieu of the Duties granted by the said first recited Act on the Exportation from Ireland of the

like Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, and which last mentioned Act was to continue in force until and upon the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one: And whereas certain other of the Duties granted by the said first recited Act have been varied by another Act, passed in the same Session of the

Parliament of Ireland, intituled, An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland: And whereas another Act was c. 3^«

passed in the same Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty Excise Duties c. 45.

4 on Foreign Wines in his Majesty's Stores, or in the Stores or Warehouses of Dealers in or Retailers of Wine, at the Time

therein mentioned, and for granting further Duties on Spirits elijlilled, and on Sweets or made Wines, made in Ireland

whereby certain Duties on Spirits distilled, and on Sweets and Wines made in Ireland, were granted in addition to«the Duties granted by the said first recited Act on the like Articles, which were to continue until and upon the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one: And whereas another Act was passed in the fame

Session of the said Parliament of Ireland, intituled, An Act for granting an additional Duty on refined Sugars imported c. 2 5*

into tins Kingdom; whereby a certain Duty on refined Sugar imported into Ireland was granted in addition to the Duty granted by the said first recited Act thereon, and which Duty was to continue until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one: And whereas another Act was made in the same Session

of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, An Act for amending and making perpetual the several Laws for regu- c* ^x*

latsng the Watch it} the DiflriS of the Metropolis, and for granting a further Duty upon Pawnbrokers; by which a

Duty was granted in addition to a Duty granted by the said first recited Act on the like Article, and made payable until and upon the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one: And whereas

another Act was made in the same Session of the Parliament di Ireland, intituled, An Act for granting to his c'

Majesty, his Heirs and Succiffors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Postage and Conveyance of all Letters and

+Packets within this Kingdom; and two several other Acts were made in the same Session of the Parliament of Ireland, for granting to his Majesty several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties; and another Act was made in the same Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, An Act to amend and explain an Act passed in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intititled, An Act for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succesors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties: And whereas the Duties granted by the said last four recited Acts are alfe made payable until and upon the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and

one: And whereas it is expedient that the said first recited Act, subject to the Alterations made by the said other recited A els, and also the Duties granted during the Term before mentioned, by the said other recited Acts, except as herein after mentioned, should be further continued be it therefore enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said first recited Act, subject to the Alterations Ir

made by the said other recited Acts, or any of them, or by any other Act, and also the several Duties granted by the^the Alterations said other recited Acts, or any of them, which were to continue until and upon the, twenty-fifth Day of March one ma<j0 by

A.D. 1801.

44

C. 17, 18.

4i* GEORGII III. (U.K.)

other recited Act, or any other Act, utad tlje Duties granted by the other recited Acts, except the Eicife Duties granted by c. 45 of that Session, on Fo-reign Wine in the Stores of his Majesty; or Driers in Wines, continued until March 25, 1802.

Duties not otherwise appropriated, shall be carried to the Consolidated Fund of Ireland,

After March 25, 1801, during the Continuance of this Act, every Marine Officer.and private Man on Shore

who shall mutiny, &c.

or (halt desert or

lift in any other Regiment, &c.

r shall be found' iIceping on, or shall desert his Fol\ or hold Correspondence with Enemies or Rebels

r (hailftrike or disobey his fupc-rior Officer; th ill suffer Death, or such Puni foment as a

The Lord High Adm ral, or Commissioners of the Admiralty, may grant a Commission for holding a General Court-martial, See,

thousand eight hundred and one, except the Excise Duties granted by the said fourth recited Act on Foreign Wines in his Majesty's Stores, or in the Stores or Warehouses of Dealers in or Retailers of Wines at the Time therein mentioned, shall respectively continue and be in force throughout Ireland, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, until and upon the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two; and all the Powers and Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in the said recited Acts, or any of them, shall be observed and complied with during the Term hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if the same had been extended to the Term hereby granted by the said recited Acts, and the Term hereby granted had made Part thereof; and the several Articles in respect whereof any Duty is imposed by the said recited Acts, or any of them, until and upon the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, shall respectively be liable to the like Duty, under the Regulations and Provisions of the said recited Acts respectively, from the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, until and upon the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

II. And be it enacted, That all the Monies arising from the Duties granted by the said several Acts hereby continued, and not by the said Acts or any of them appropriated or directed to be applied to any particular Use or Uses, Purpose or Purposes (the necessary Charges o£railing and paying the same being deduded), shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

Act may be repealed or amended this Session." Section 3.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two.

[24//? March 1801.]

WHEREAS it may be necessary, for the Safety of this Kingdom, and the Defence of the Possessions of1

the Crown of Great Britain and Ireland, that a Body of Marine Forces should be employed in his Majesty's Fleet and Naval Service, under the Direction of the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for ex-

ecuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: And whereas the said Marine Forces may frequently be quartered on Shore, where they will not be subject to the Laws

relating to the Government of his Majesty's Forces by Sea; yet nevertheless it being requisite, for the re-

taining of such Forces in thpr Duty, that an exact Discipline be observed; and that Marines who shall mu-

tiny, or stir up Sedition, or shall desert his Majesty's Service, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy

Punishment than the Law will allow be it enadea by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight Jiundred and one, if any Person being entered or in Pay as an Officer of Marines, or who is or shall he lifted or in pay as a private Man, in any Company of Marines in his Majesty's Service, and on the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, shall remain in such Service, or, during the Continuance of this Act, shall be voluntarily entered and in pay, as a Marine Officer or private Man in his Majesty's Service; and being ordered or employed in such Service, at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, on Shore, in any Place within the said Kingdom, or in any other of his Majesty's Dominions, shall begin, excite, cause, or join in, any Mutiny or Sedition in the Company to which he doth or shall belong, or in any other Company, Troop, or Regiment, either of Marine or Land Forces, in his Majesty's Service; or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the fame, or coming to the Knowledge of any such Mutiny, or intended Mutiny, shall not, without Delay, give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall desert his Majesty's Service, or being actually entered as a Marine in any Company, shall lift himself in any other Company, Troop, or Regiment, in his Majesty's Service, without first having a Discharge in Writing from the Officer commanding in Chief the Company in which he last served as a Marine; or shall be found deeping upon his Post, or shall leave it before relieved; or shall hold Correspondence with any Rebel or Enemy of his Majesty, or give thorn Advice or Intelligence of any Kind, by any Ways or Means, or in any Manner whatsoever; or shall treat with such Rebels or Enemies, or enter into any Condition with them, without his Majesty's Licence, or Licence of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Time being; or shall strike or use any Violence against his superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office; or shall disobey any lawful Command of his superior Officer; all and every Person and Persons so offending in any or either of the Matters before mentioned, on Shore, in any Part of this Kingdom, or in any other of his Majesty's Dominions, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court-martial shall be inflicted.

Court-martial foal! inflict.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of this Act, be lawful to and for the said Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the said Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, to grant a Commission, under his or their respective Hand or Hands, to any Officer of Marines in his Majesty's Service, not under the Degree of a Field Officer* for the holding a General Court-martial at any Place or Places on Shore, in this Kingdom, or in any other of his Majesty's Dominions; in every of which Courts-martial all or any of the Offences aforesaid, and all or any other of the Offences herein after specified, shall be tried and proceeded against in such Manner as by this Act is directed.

C.iS.

41° GEORGII III. (17. K. A.D. 1801: 45

Courts-martial may infill Corv poral Punishment lor Immot ralitics, &c. Admiralty empowered to ncuke Articles for Pu* nishment of Mutiny and Dersertion, See. and to constitut* Courts-martial.

III. And be it also enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Courts-martial respectively, by their Sentence or Judgment, to inflict Corporal Punishment, not extending to Life Or Limb, On any Marine, fof Immorality, Mi (behaviour, or Neglect of Duty, on Shore, in any Place or Places within this Kingdom, or in any other of his Majesty's Dominions, during the Continuance of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord High Admiral, of three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, to make and establish Rules and Articles in Writing, under his or their respective Hand or Hands, for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, Immorality, Misbehaviour, and Neglect of Duty, in any of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, in any Part of this Kingdom, of in any other of his Majesty's Dominions, and for bringing Offenders against the same to Justice; and to erect and constitute Courts-martial, with Power to try', hear, and determine, any Crimes or Offences specified in such Rules and Articles, and iuffift Punishments, by Sentence or Judgment for the fame, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

V. Provided always, That no Person or Persons shall be adjudged to suffer any Punishment extending to Life or Limb by the faicLRules or Articles, within this Kingdom, except for such Crime or Crimes as is or are ex-prciTed to be so punishable by this Act.

ed to be so punishable by this Act.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no General Court-martial, which shall have Power General Court-to fit by virtue of this Act, shall consist of a less Number than thirteen, whereof none to be under the Degree of a Commission Officer; and the President of such Court-martial shall not be under the Degree of a Field Officer of Marines, unless where such Field. Officer cannot be had; in which Case the Marine Officer next in Seniority to such Field Officer, not being under the Degree of a Captain, shall preside at such Court-martial; and that ftth Court-martial shall have Power and Authority, and are hereby required to administer an Oath to every

Witnds, in order to the Examination or Trial of any of the Offences that shall come before them.

grec of a Captain. Courts-martial may administer Oaths to Witnesser.

VII. Provided always, That in all Trials of Offenders by General Courts-martial, to be held by virtue of this Oaths to be ta-Ad, every Officer present at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, shall take the following Oaths upon the Holy Evangelists, before the Court, and Judge-advocate or his Deputy (who are hereby authorized to administer the same), in these Words; that is to say,

None shall be adjudged of Life 01 Limb but for Crimes exprefT-

martial shall not consist of less than 13; and the President shall be a Field Officer 01 Officer next in Seniority, not under the De-

ken by every Member of a General Court-martial.

Judge's Charge.

' YOU shall well and truly try and determine, according to the Evidence which shall be given in the Matter 4*now before you, between our Sovereign Lord the King's Majesty and the Prisoner to be tried

4 So help you GOD.*

I A.B. do swear, That I will duly administer Justice, according to an Act of Parliament now in foree, for the Oath:

A Regulation of his Majestfs Marine Force/ while on Shore, and according to the Rules and Articles made in pursuance of the said Act of Parliament for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and other Crimes therein respectively mentioned, without Partiality, Favour, x>r Affection $ and if any Doubt shall arise (which is not explained by the said Act of Parliament, or the said Rules and Articles), according to my Confidence, the bed

of my Understanding, and the Custom of War in like Cases: And I further swear, That I will not divulge

the Sentence of the Court until it shall be approved by the Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and IreLmd\ neither will I, upon any Account, at any Time whatsoever, dificlofe or aifeover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness, by a Court of Justice, in a due Course of Law

'So help me GOD.*

And so soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge-advocate, or the Person officiating as such, an Oath, in the following Words

4 T A* B. do swear, That I will not, upon any Account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote The q ith 4 A or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof, as a 4 witness, by a Court of Justice, in a due Course of Law

'So help me GOD.*

And no Sentence of Death shall be given against any Offender by any such General Court-martial as aforesaid, unless nine Officers present shall concur therein; and if there be more Officers present than thirteen, then the Judgment shall pass by the Concurrence of two Thirds of the Officers present; and no Proceeding r-r Trial shall be had upon any Offence, but between the Hours of eight of the Clock in the Morning and three in the Afternoon, except in Cases which require an immediate Example.

VIII. Provided always, That the Party tried by any General Court-martial, to be held as aforesaid, shall be ecut!*d to a Copy of the Scutence and Proceedings of such Court-martial, upon Demand thereof made by himic!iv or by any other Person or Persons on his Behalf, (he or they paying reasonably for the fame, ) at any Time not sooner than three Months after such Sentence, whether such Sentence be approved or not; any Thing ia this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it enacted, That every Judge-advocate, or Person officiating as such at any General Court-martial, to be held as aforesaid, do, and he is hereby required to transmit, with as much Expedition as the Op-pun unity of Time and Distance of Place can admit, the original Proceedings and Sentence of such Court-surtial to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being; which original Proceedings and Sentence shall be

The Judge-advix.ue shall Lc fwo» n.

In Sentence* of Death, what Number of Officers shall concur, Ur.

Hours of Trial.

The Party trii c! cut it led toaCojy

of ihc Sentence and Proceedings of the Court-martial.

Original Proceeding', Uc. of Court>-maitiai shall be t»ani-mmeu to lb*

C. it

41° GEORGII III. (UA.D. 1801.

Secretary of the

Admiralty, Sec.

None shall be

tried a second Time for the Tame Offence.

Sentence shall nor be revised more than once.

be by him carefully kept and preserved in the Office of the Admiralty of Great Britain and Ireland', to the End that the Persons entitled thereto may be enabled, upon Application to the said Office, to obtain Copies thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

X. Provided always, and be it hereby declared and enacted, That no Marine, either Officer or private Man, being acquitted or convicted of any Offence, at any such Court-martial as aforesaid, shall be liable to be tried a second Time by the same or any other Court-martial for the same Offence; and that no Sentence given by any Court-martial, and signed by the President thereof, be liable to be revised more than once.

Defeiiers beyond Sea. &c. may be tried here.

This Art shall not exempt any Qn Shore from ordinary Process.

Pefffon* accused of capital .Crimes, Sec. shall l>c delivered over to the Civ il Magistrate, See.

Officers refilling Jo deliver over Offender?, shall be ca line l ed, 6c c.

Fictitious Names allowed by his Majesty's Order upon the Muf-tcr-rolls for the Maintenance of Officers Widows, shall not be construed a false Muller. Paymaster shall pay the full Pay of such Men to the Receiver.

Constables, &c. fhriJI quarterOffi-cers and Men in Inns, Alehouses,

*C-4

but in noDiftil-lers or Shop-keepers'Houses, or in any private Housei.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or private Man shall desert his Majesty's Service in any of his Dominions beyond the Seas, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, and shall escape and come or be brought into this Realm, before he be tried by a Court-martial for such Offence, and shall be apprehended for the fame; such Officer or private Man shall be tried for the fame, as if the said Offence had been committed within this Realm.

XII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, pr be construed to extend, to exempt any Marine, either Officer or private Man, whatsoever, while on Shore, from being proceeded against by _the ordinary Course of Law*.

" Persons acquitted, &c. by the Civil Magistrate, may only be cashiered by a Court-martial. Section 13, [asc under Session 10 of c. 11; the Mutiny

XIV. Provided also, and be it further Enacted, That if any Marine Officer, Non-commission Officer, or private Man, shall be accused of any Capital Crime, or of any Violence or Offence against the Person, Estate, or Property, of any of his Majesty's Subjects, which is punishable by the known Laws of the Land, the Commanding Officer or Officers of every Company, or Party, is and are hereby required to life his and their utmost Endeavours to deliver over such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate; and shall also be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Justice in the seizing and apprehending such Offender, in order to bring him to Trial: And if any such Commanding Officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over any such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate, or to be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Justice in apprehending such Offender; every such Officer so offending, and being thereof convicted, before any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County where the Fad is committed, by the Oath -of two credible Witnesses, shall be deemed and taken to be ipso fado cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within this Kingdom, or in his Majesty's Service 5 provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to the Judge-advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next Court-martial.

XV. And whereas his Majesty hath been graciously pleased, in compassion to the distressed Condition of so

veral Widows of Officers of the Army, who have lost their Lives in the Service of the late War, or during the

late Rebellion, by Orders made under his Royal Sign Manual, to dirt'61 his Commissary-general of the Mullers

to allow, upon the Muster-rolls of all the Regiments, Troops, and Companies, a Number of fictitious Names

therein mentioned, instead of private Men, in order to raise and settle a Fund for the Maintenance of such Widow s

of Officers as are or shall be entitled to his Royal Bounty: Therefore, for the more effectually fulfilling his Majesty's said gracious Intentions with respect to the allowing of fictitious Names upon the Muster-rolls of the said Marine Forces while on Shore, for the Purposes aforesaid be it further enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful, during the Continuance of this Act, to and for the said Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the said Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, by Orders in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands, to direct the Person for the Time being authorized to pay the said Marine Forces, to pay over the full Pay of such fictitious private Men as shall be allowed on the Muster-rolls of the said Marine Forces while on Shore, as aforesaid, to the proper Receiver appointed by his Majesty, according to such Orders and Instructions as his Majesty shall be pleased to make under hrs Sign Manual, for the Purpose aforesaid; and that no Allowance of any such fictitious Name upon any Muster-rosi of the said Marine Forces while on Shore, as aforesaid, shall be construed to be a false Muller; any Thing in this Act, or any former Act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And whereas there is and may be Occasion for the marching and quartering of the said Marine Forces in several Parts of this Kingdom be it further enacted, That lor and during the Continuance of this Act, and no longer (in pursuance of aii Order or Orders in Writing in that Behalf, under the Hand of the said Lord High Admiral, or under the Hands of three or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being), it shall and maybe lawrful to and for the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towms, and Villages, and other Places, within England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and in their Default or Absence, for any one Justice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any such City, Town, Village, or Place, and for no others; an such Constables, and other Chief Magistrates, as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the Marines, both Officers and private Men, m his Majesty's Service, in Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Victualling-houses, and the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail to be drank in their ow n Houses, or Places thereunto belonging, and all Houses of Persons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder, or Metheglin, by Retail, to be drank in Houses, other than and except the House or Houses of any Dillillers, who keep Houses or Places of distilling Brandy and Strong Waters, and the House of any Shopkeeper, whose principal Dealings shall be more in other Goods and Merchandizes than in Brandy and Strong Waters (so as such Dillillers and Shopkeepers do not permit or suffer Tipling in his or their Houses), and in no other, and in no private Houses whatsoever, without the Consent of the Occupier; nor shall any more Billets at any Time be ordered than there

arc

A.D. 1801.

C.i 8.

47

41° GEORGII III.

arc effective Marines present te be quartered: And if any Con (table, Tythingman, or such like Officer or Ma

S(Irate, as aforesaid, shall presume to quarter or billet any such Officer or private Man in any such private 'ouse, without the Consent of the Occupier, in such Case, such Occupier shall have his or their Remedy at Law against such Magistrate or Officer, for the Damage that such Occupier shall sustain thereby: And if any Marine Officer shall take upon him to quarter private Men otherwise than is limited and allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to any Mayors, Constables, or other Civil Officers before mentioned, tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed; such Marine Officer shall, for every such Offence (being thereof convicted before any two or more of the next Justices of the Peace of the County, by the Oath of two credible Witnesses), be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Military Employment within this Kingdom or in his Majesty's Service; provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said County, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to the Judge-advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next Court-martial: And in case any Person shall find himself aggrieved, in that such Constable, Tythingman, or Headborough, Chief Officer or Magistrate (such Chief Officer or Magistrate not being a Justice of the Peace), has quartered or billeted in his House a greater Number of Marines than he ought to bear in proportion to his Neighbours, and shall complain thereof to one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Division, City, or Liberty, where such Marines are quartered; or in case such Chief Officer or Magistrate shall be a Justice of the Peace, then, on Complaint made to two or more Justices of the Peace, of such Division, City, or Liberty, such Justice or Justices respectively shall have, and is or are hereby declared to have, Power to relieve such Person, by ordering such and so many of the said Marines to be removed, and quartered upon such other Person or Persons as they shall see Cause; and such other Person or Persons shall be obliged to receive such Marines accordingly.

XVII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That the Marine Officers and private Men, so cnrtcred and billeted as aforesaid, shall be received and furnished with Diet and Small Beer by the Owners of the Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Victualling-houses, and the Houses of Sellers of Wine, by Retail, to be I'isk in their own Houses, or Places thereunto belonging, and other Houses in which they are allowed to be quartered and billeted by this Act; paying and allowing for the same the several Rates herein after mentioned to he payable out of the Subsistence Money for Diet and Small Beer.

XVIII. Provided always, That in case any Innholder, or other Person on whom any Non-commission Officers or private Men shall be quartered by virtue of this Act (except on a March, or employed in recruiting, and likewise except the Recruits by them raised, for the Space of seven Days at moil, for such Non-commission Officers and private Men who are recruiting, and Recruits by them raised), shall be desirous to fumish such Non-commission Officers and private Men with Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, and with either Small Beer or Cyder, not exceeding five Pints for each Man per Diem, gratis, and allow to such Non-commission Officers or private Men the Use of Fire, and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall give Notice of such his Desire to the Commanding Officer, and shall furnish and allow the same accordingly, then and in such Case, the Non-commission Officers and private Men so quartered shall provide their own Victuals; and the Officer to whom it belongs to receive, or who shall actually receive, the Pay and Subsistence of such Non-commission Officers and private Men, shall pay the several Sums herein after mentioned to be payable out of the Subsistence-money for Diet and Small Beer, to the Non-commission Officers and private Men aforesaid, and not to the Innholder or other Person, on whom such Non-commission Officers and private Men are quartered; any Thing herein contained.to the contrary notwithstanding.

Officers taking Money to excuse any Person from quartering, shall be cashiered, Section 19, [as under Sec-u lion 37 of the Mutiny Act, c. II "]

XX. 4 And whereas it may be for the Benefit of the Service for the Commanding Officer to have a Power*to exchange the Billets or Quarters of Marines quartered in the same Town or Place be it therefore enacted, That the Commanding Officer of Marines, in any Town or Place where such Marine Forces are quartered, shall and he is hereby declared to have Power, from Time to Time, to exchange any Marine or Marines quartered in such Town or Place, for any other Marine or Marines quartered in the same Town or Place, provided the Number of Men do not exceed the Number at that Time billeted on such Houses respectively, where such Men shall be exchanged; and the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of the Cities, 'I owns, and Villages, or other Places, where any of the said Marine Forces shall be quartered, are hereby required to billet such men so exchanged accordingly.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, no Paymaster or other Officer or Person whatsoever, shall receive any Fees, or make any Deduction* whatsoever, out of the Pay of any Marine, either Officer or private Man, in his Majesty's Service, or from their Agents, which shall grow due from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, other than the usual Deductions for Cloathing, and Twelvepence in the Pound to be clifposed o* as his Majesty shall think fit; and the one Day's Pay in the Year for the Use of the Royal Hospital at Chel-fa; and such other necessary Deductions as shall, fr.om Time to Time, be directed by the said Lord High Admin?!, or three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, by Order in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands.

Officers shall give Notice to Innkeepers of Subsistence Money in their Hands. Section 22, [as under Section 44 42 of Mutiny AQ, c. i i; except that the Rates of Subjijlence are for a Commission Officer under the Degree of Captain 1l. for such Officer's Horse 6d. for a private Man 4d. Diet and Small Beer., 5J If Officers neglect to give Notice of Subsistence-money and paying Quarters, the Paymaster of the Marines shall satisfy them out of the Arrears: And in case no Arrears are due, the Paymaster may deduct out of the " next Subsistence-money. Officers neglecting, shall be cashiered. Section 22."

44 On

Penalty on Officers quartering Men Contrary tt> this Act, &c.

Persons aggrieved by being quartered on, may complain to any Justice, and be relieved.

Officers and Marines shall pay.Rales for their Proviftuns.

If Innholders refuse tofurnish the Men quartered on them with Meat, they shall allow them Candles, Small Beer, 6c c. gratis'.

Commanding Officer may exchange Marines in their (Quarters, and the Confta-bles shall billet the same accordingly.

No Paymaster, &c. shall make

Deductions out of Officers or private Men's pay.

Exception.

Just ire* may order Constables to provide Carriages for the Marine Forces in their Marches.

Rates for Carriages.

Officers forcing Waggons to travel more than one Day's Journey, &c. &all forfeit 51.

Vo Waggon, &c. shall carry above 20 Hundred Weight. Carriages in Scotland how to be provided.

Marines' Wives, &c. shall not be quartered without Consent. Penalty.

Penalty on Officers or Marines «left toying the Game.

C. 18. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

44 On Non-payment of Quarters the Officer shall, before hie Departure, make up Accounts, and give Certificate*

for Money due. Paymaster shall pay the Sum certified for. Section 23, [ox under the latter Part of Section 42 u of the Mutiny AQ, c. 11." j

Officers, &c. shall be quartered in Scotland, as the Laws in force at the Union direct. Section 24.

44 Session 51 of Mutiny Act, c. II."]

XXV. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more regular Provision of Carriages for his Majesty's Marine Forces in their Marches, or for their Arms, Cloaths, and Accoutrements, in England, Wales, and the Town of Ber<wick-upon-Tnvcedy all Justices of the Peace, within their several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Liberties, and Precincts, being duly required thereunto by the said Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, by an Order in Writing, under his or their respective Hand or Hands, shall as often as such Order shall be brought and shewn unto one or more such Justice or Justices, by the Officer or Officers of the Company or Companies of Marines so ordered to march, issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants to the High ConlEables, or Petty Constables, of the Division, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred, or Freeing, from, through, near, or to which such Company or Companies shall be ordered to march, requiring them to make such rrovision for Carriages, with able Men to drive the fame, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrant, allowing them sufficient Time to do the fame, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burthen: And in case sufficient Carriages cannot be provided within any such Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred, Division, or Precinct, then the next Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Division, shall, upon such Order as aforesaid being brought or shewn to one or more of them, by any of the Marine Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant or Warrants to the High Constables or Petty Constables of such next County, Riding, Liberty, Division, or Precinct, for the Purposes aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency: And the aforesaid Officer or Officers, who, by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant or Warrants from such Justice or Justices of the Peace, is or are to demand the Carriage or Carriages therein mentioned of the High Constable, or Petty Constable, to whom the Warrant is directed, is and are hereby required, at the same Time, to pay down in Hand to the said Constable, or Petty Constable, for the Use of the Person who shall provide such Carriages and Men, the Sum of one Shilling for every Mile any Waggon.with five Horses shall travel; and the Sum of one Shilling for every Mile any Wain with fix Oxen, or four Oxen with two Horses shall travel; and the Sum of Ninepence for every Mile any Cart with four Horses shall travel; and so in proportion for less Carriages; for which respective Sums so received, the said Constable, or Petty Constable, is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing to the Person or Persons paying the fame: And such Constable, or Petty Constable, shall order and appoint such Person or Persons having Carriages, within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and fumifli such Carriages and Men according to the Warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and furnish the same accordingly: And if any Marine Officer or Officers, for the Use of whose Company or Companies the Carriage was provided, shall force and constrain any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, to travel more than one Day's Journey, or shall not discharge the same in due Time for their Return Home, or shall suffer any Marine or Servant (except such as are sick), or any Woman, to ride in the Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage aforesaid; or shall force any Constable, or Petty Constable, by Threatenings or menacing Words, to provide Saddle Horses for themselves, or Servants, or shall force Horses from the Owners, by themselves, Servants, or private Men; every such Officer, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds; Proof thereof being made upon Oath before two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the same County or Riding, who are to certify the same to the proper Paymaster of his Majesty's Marine Forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid Sum of'five Pounds, according to Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of such Justices of the Peace; and is also hereby empowered to deduct the same out of such Officer's Pay.

Penalty on Constables, &c. for Neglect from 40l. to 2ox. Section 26, [as under Section 48 of Mutiny A3 % 44 c. II."]

Treasurer of the County shall repay the Constable's extraordinary Charges. The Money for that Purpose how. 44 to be raised. Sections 27, 28, [as under Sections 49, 50, of Mutiny Act, c. I I."J

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, impressed by Authority of this Act, shall be liable or obliged, by virtue of this Act, to carry above twenty hundred Weight; any Thing in this A<fr contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Carriages for the Service of the Marine Forces quartered or marched in Scotland, shall be provided in like Manner, and at the Rates, and the Fumifher of such Carriages shall be paid, as was directed by the Law in force in Scotland at the Time of the Union, with regard to the furnishing Carriages for. Land Forces.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That if any Officer, Military or Civil, by this Act authorized to quarter Soldiers in any Houses hereby appointed for that Purpose, shall, at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, quarter any of the Wives, Childrep, Men or Maid Servants, of any Officer or Marine, in any such Houses, against the Consent of the Owners; the Party offending, if an Officer of the Marines, shall, upon Complaint and Proof thereof made to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or Judge-ad vooate* be ipso fa3o cashiered; and if a Constable, Tythingman, or other Civil Officer, he shall forfeit to the Party aggrieved twenty Shillings, upon Complaint and Proof thereof made to the next Justice of the Peace; to be levied by Warrant of such Justice by Distress and Sale of his Goods, rendering the Overplus to the Party, after deducting reasonable Charges in taking the same.

XXXII. And, for the better Preservation of the Game in or near such Place where any Officers or Soldier* shall at any Time be quartered, be it enacted, That if, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, any Officer or Soldier shall, Without Leave of the Lord of the Manor, under

3

49

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) C. 18.

his Hand and Seal first had and obtained, take, kill, or destroy any Hare, Coney, Pheasant, Partridge, Pigeon, or any other Sort of Fowls, Poultry, or Fish, or his Majesty's Game, within the Kingdom of Great Jlri/ain, and upon Complaint thereof shall be, upon Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, convicted before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, who is and are hereby empowered and authorized to hear and determine the fame; (that is to say) every Officer so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be distributed among the Poor of the Place where such Offence shall be committed, and every Officer commanding in Chief upon the Place, for every such Offence committed by any Marine under his Command, shall forfr-t the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be paid and distributed in Manner aforesaid: And if, upon Conviction made by the Justices of the Peace, and Demand thereof also made by the Constable or Overseers of the Poor, such Officer (HaU refuse or neglect, and not within two Days pay the said respective Penalties, such Officer so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit, and he is hereby declared to have forfeited his Commission, and his Commission is hereby d-clared to be null and void.

XXXIII. And whereas several Marines, who being duly entered may afterwards desert, and be found wandering, or otherwise absenting themselves illegally from his Majesty's Service it is hereby further enacted, Taut it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constable, Headborough, or Tythingman, of the Town or Place where any Person, who may reasonably be suspected to be such a Deserter, shall be found, to apprehend or cause him to be apprehended, and to cause such Person to be brought before any Justice of the Peace living in or near such Town or Place, who is hereby empowered and required to examine such suspected Person; and if, by his Confession, or the Teftmony of one or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of Inch Justice of the Peace it shall appear or be found that such suspected Person is a Marine duly entered, and ought to be with the Company to which he belongs, such Justice of the Peace shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found; or to the House of Correction, or other publick Prison, in such Town or Place where such Deserter shall be apprehended; or to the Savoy, in case loch Deserter shall be apprehended within the Cities of London or Westm'msler, or Places adjacent; and transmit a* Account thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being, to the End such Person may be proceeded against according to Law: And the Keeper of such Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison, shall re-cerrr t/ie/'uJiSubsistence of such Deserter, during the Time he shall continue in his Custody, for the Maintenance of inch Deserter; but shall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward on Account of the Imprisonment of any such Deserter; any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And, for the better Encouragement of any Person or Persons to secure or apprehend such Deserter, be it further enacted, That such Justice of the Peace shall also issue his Warrant in Writing, to the Collector or Collectors of the Land Tax Money of the Parish or Township where such Deserter shall be apprehended, for paying out of the Land Tax Money arisen, or to arise, in the Year one thousand eight hundred and one, into the Hands of such Person or Persons who shall apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, any such Deserter from his Majesty's Service, the Sum of twenty Shillings for every such Deserter that shall be so apprehended and committed; which Sum of twenty Shillings shall be satisfied by such Collector or Collectors to whom such Warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon his or their Account.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal, or assist, any Deserter from bit Majesty's Marine Service, knowing him to he such, the Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds; or if any Person shall knowingly detain, buy, or exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Clothes, Caps, or other Furniture belonging to the King, from any Marine or Marine Deserter, or mnr other Person, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, or any such Articles belonging to any Marine or Marine Deserter, as are generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, according to the Custom of the Marine Corps (being provided for the Marine, and paid for by the Deductions out of his Pay), or cause the Colour of such Clothes to be changed; every such Person so offending, in each, any, or either of the Cases aforesaid, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds; and upon Conviction, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, the said respective Penalties of five Pounds, and five Pounds, shall be levied by Warrant under the Hands of tlu* said Justice or Justices of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender; one Moiety of the said first-mentioned Penalty of five Pounds to be paid to the Informer by whose Means such Deserter shall be apprehended, and one Moiety of the last mentioned Penalty of five Pounds to be paid to the Informer; and the Residue of the said respective Penalties to be paid to the Officer to whom any such Deserter or Marine did or doth belong: And in case any such Offender, who shall be convicted, as aforesaid, of harbouring or addling any such Deserter or Deserters; or having knowingly received any Arms, Clothes, Caps, or other Furniture belonging to the King; or any such Articles as are generally deemed Regimental Necessaries; or having caused the Colour of such Clothes to be changed, contrary to the Intent of this A cl, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Distress may be made, to the Value of the Penalties recovered against him or her for such Offence, or shall not pay such Penalties within four Days after such Conviction; then, and in inch Case, Inch Justice or Justices of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, either commit such Offender to the common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of three Months, or cause such Offender to be publickly whipped, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices.

XXXVI. And, in order to prevent all Doubts which may arise in relation to punishing Offences committed mgainst former Acts of Parliament made for the Regulation of the Marine Forces while on Shore, be it enacted, That all Crimes and Offences which have been committed against any of the former Acts in that Behalf, shall and may, during the Continuance of this present Act, be enquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged, and pufiilhcd, before and by the like Courts, Persons, Powers, Authorities, Ways, Means, and Methods, as the hke Crimes and Offences committed against this present Act nuy be enquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged, and punished.

41 Geo. III. (£/. K.y H XXXVII. Pro-

Const.ible3 may apprehend Deserters, and cany them before a Justice.

Justices (halt commit them*.

and transmit an Account to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

Gaol Keeper shall receive the Subsidence of Deleters.

Reward for taking up Deserters.

Penalty on Persons concealing

Deft 1 ft*, s or m eiving their Arms, Clothes, &c.

for nut nvy 1/t* Iuirod of

J"<! -mniftieti as Uiutc-i this.

limitation of Proficcutions 3 Years; except in Cases of Deles-lion.

Penalty on Constables, &c. neglecting to quarter Marines;

01* taking Money to excuse any Person from quartering; and on Victuallers refuting to receive Marines.

Persons hastily infilling themselves as Marines may be relieved on payment of 20s. before Attestation, &c.; attefling Justice not to be an Offi-«tr of Marines.

Penalty on Marine Officers acting contrary kereto.

As often as it shall be necefla-

vy, Officers of the Marine and Land Forces may lit in con-JunCUon upon

C. 18. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

XXXVII. Provided alwap. That no Person shall be liable to be tried or punished for any Offence committed against any of the said former Acts, which shall appear to have been committed more than three Year* before the issuing of the Commission or Warrant for such Trial; except only for the Offence of Desertion.

u No Volunteer liable to Process unless for some criminal Matter, or for a real Debt of the Value of 20l. M Oath of the Debt shall be made before a Judge, and a Memorandum thereof marked on the Back of the u Process 5 otherwise the Prisoner shall be discharged with Costs. §38."

4i Plaintiff giving Notice may file a Common Appearance, and proceed to Judgment and Execution. §39." u Marines while confined for Debt, shall not receive Pay. $ 40. [y// under §65, 66, and 67, of Mutiny A39(c, 1 i.)"J

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any High Constable, Constable, Beadle, or other Officer or Person whatsoever, who, by virtue or colour of this Act, shall quarter or billet, or be employed in quartering or billeting, any Marine Officers or private Men, shall neglect or refuse for the Space of two Hours to quarter or billet such Officers or Marines, when thereunto required, in such Manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Forces; or shall receive, demand, contract, or agree for, any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Reward whatsoever, for or on account of excusing, or in order to excuse* any Person or Persons whatsoever from quartering or receiving into his, her, or their House or Houses, any such Officer or Marine; or in case any Victualler, or any other Person liable by this Act to have any Officer or Marine billeted or quartered on him or her, shall refuse to receive or victual any such Officer or Marine so quartered or billeted upon him or her as aforesaid; or shall refuse to fumifii or allow, according to the Directions of this Act, the several Things herein-before respectively directed to be furnished or allowed to Non-commission Officers or M^nes so quartered or billeted on him or her, as aforesaid, at the Rate herein-before mentioned, and shall be thereof convicted, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, City, or Liberty, within which such Offence shall be committed, either by his own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer), every such High Constable, Constable, Beadle, or other Officer or Person so offending, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds, or any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor lese than forty Shillings (as the said Justice or Justices, before whom the Matter shall be heard, shall, in his or their Discretion, think fit); to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Person offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted, or of one or more of them, to be directed to any other Constable within the County, City* or Liberty, or to any of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where the Offender shall dwell; and the said Sum of five Pounds, or the said Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, when levied, to be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed, or to some one of them, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish.

To prevent Abuses in quartering, Justices may order Constables to give an Account of the Number of Offi-

cers and private Men, and where quartered. §42. [As under §39, of Mutiny A3, (c. 11.)"]

XLIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared. That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, when and as often as any Person or Persons shall be inlisted as a Marine or Marines in his Majesty's Service, he and they shall, within four Days, but not sooner than twenty-four Hours, after such Infilling respectively, be carried before the next Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City, or Place, or Chief Magistrate of any City or Town Corporate, (not being an Officer of Marines); and before such Justice or Chief Magistrate, he or they shall be at Liberty to declare nis or their Diflent to such Inlisting; and upon such Declaration, and returning the infilling Money, and also each Person so dissenting paying the Sum of twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, such Person or Persons so infilled shall be forthwith discharged and set at Liberty, in the Presence of such Justice or Chief Magistrate; but if such Person. or Persons shall refuse or neglect, within the Space of twenty-four Hours, to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be infilled, as if he or they had given his or their Assent thereto before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate 5 or if such Person or Persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily infilled himself or themselves, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand, that such Person or Persons is or are duly infilled; setting forth the Place of the Birth, Age, and Calling, of him or them respectively, (if known), and that the second and third Se&ions of the Articles of War, for the better Government of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the twelfth Section of the said Articles of War; and if any such Person or Persons, so to be certified as duly infilled, shall refuse to take the said Oath of Fidelity before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, from whom he has received such Money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such Person or Persons until he or they shall take the Oath before required; and every Officer of Marines that shall act contrary hereto, or offend herein, upon Proof thereof, upon Oath made by two Witnesses, before a General Court-martial to be thereupon called, shall, for such Offence, be forthwith cashiered and displaced from such his Office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any civil or military Office or Employment within this Kingdom, or in his Majesty's Service.

XLIV. And whereas it may be expedient, in certain Cases, particularly where a sufficient Number of Marine Officers cannot be conveniently assembled, or in Matters wherein any of his Majesty's Land Forces may be interested, that Officers of the Land Forces should be associated with the Marine Officers for the Purpose of holding Courts-martial; be it enacted and declared, That when and as often as it shall be necessary, it shall and may be lawful for Officers of the Marine and Land Forces to fit in conjunction upon Courts*.

3 martial*

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. ( C.i8, j9.

martial, and to proceed in the1 Trial of any Marine Officer or private Man, in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Courts-martial were composed of Marine Officers only; and the Officers of the Marine and Land Forces are, in such Cases, to take Rank according to the Seniority of their Commissions in either

Serrice.

XLV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That all his Majesty's Marine Forces, as well Officers as private Men, shall, from Time to Time, during their being respectively borne as Part of the Complement of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels, or as Supernumeraries on board the fame, be subject or liable, in like Miuaer, in all Respectcs, as any Officers or Seamen employed in his Majesty's Sea Service are subject and liable to be governed, and proceeded against, and punished, for Offences committed by them during the Time they shall be borne as Part of the Complement of such Ships or Vessels, or as Supernumeraries on board the fame, according to the Purport, Tenor, Effect, and true Intent and Meaning of an Act of Parliament, madfe in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled, An 48 for amending^ explaining, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Shift, Vef-schy and Forces by Sea); this present Act, or any Thing herein contained, notwithstanding.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That this Atft, and every Thing hereiq contained, shall be and continue in force from the said twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and one, antil the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and two; and that this Act, so far as relates to the Allowances to be made for the quartering of Marines, and providing for their Hurfes, may be altered and varied by any Act or Acts to be made in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for reviving and continuing, until the first Day of QBober one thousand eight hundred and one, to much of an Act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; for reviving, continuing until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Pirhment, and amending, an Act made in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for enabling his Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into Great Britain, in neutral Ships; for reviving, and continuing until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, and from thence until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of t; he then next Session of Parliament, an Aidt made in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for authorizing his Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape Good Hope; and for reviving and making perpetual an Act, made in the thirty-third

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for preventing Offences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging Ships, and in obilrudling Seamen and others from pursuing their lawful Occupations.

[2d April 1801.]

WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned has by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the same should be revived and further continued; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for reducing, until the Jirfl Day of June one thousand eight hundred, the Duties upon Spirits di/lilled from Melasses or Sugar, of any Mixture therewith; for prohibiting the DisliIlotion of Spirits from Wheat or Wheat Flower; and for reducing until /*» twentieth Day of September one thousand eight hundred, and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch, as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starcn, which in* by an Act of the Iatl Session of Parliament, revived, amended, and further continued, until the Expiration of Gx Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, shall, from and immediately after the sinh Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, be revived and continued; and the same is hereby re*-and shall .continue in full Force and Effect, from and immediately after the said fifth Day of March, until the first Day of October one thousand eight hundred and one.

IL 4 And whereas it is expedient that an Act, made in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty, by Order in Councilto permit, until six Weeks after the Commencemens of the next Session of Parliament, such Goods as shall be specified in such Order, to be imported into this Kingdim in neutral Ships; which was, by two Acts of the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, further continued until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, should be revived, continued, and amended; be it therefore enacted, That, from and immediately after the fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, the said Act shall be, and the same is hereby revived; and that, from and after the passing of thift Act, h shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council from Time to Time, n , .n and as often as the same shall be jtwlged expedient, to permit, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, as shall be specified in any Order ia Council to be imported into any Port of the United Kingdom, in foreign Ships belonging to the Subjects of any Kingdom or State not now at war with his Majesty, upon Payment either of such Duties as are or shall by Law be payable upon such Articles when imported in any Brifj/h-built Ship, or of such Duties as are or shall by Law be payable upon such Articles when imported in any foreign-built Ship, according as it shall, with rdpect to each Article, be directed and specified in such Order 5 any Law now in force to the contrary not-wnhfi mding.

H 4 III. 4And

51

CotottV-nUrrial, taking Jtaftk according to the Seniority of their Commimons. Marine Forces being home as Part of the Complement of any Ships of War, shall be liable to be governed by the Rules established by 22 G. 2. C. 33.

Continuance of this Act.

Act, in Part, may be altered this Session.

39 & 40G.3.C .S.

39G. 3. c. lit.

37 G. 3. c.m 33 G. 3.0.67*

So much of 3, " and 40 G. 3. c. 8, af relates tb the reducing the Duties payable on Importation of Starch [re-Treed and row-tinned by

4r G

c. 20, §1.] revived and further continued till Oct. r, 1801. 39 G. 3. c.ri2, permitting the*Importation of Good* in ncutial Ships, [continued by 39 ts 40 G. 3. C. 9, §1;

c. 17, §45 «W

c. 10, §2.] revived, and lur-ther continued until fix Week* alter the Commencement of the next Seiliotd

C. 19, 20. 41° GEORGII XIX. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

III. 4 And whereas the Law herein after mentioned has by Experience been found iifeful and beneficial, and it i8 expedient that the same should be revived and further continued be it therefore further enacted, That an Act made in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act, authorizing his Ma» of Good jejjy jQr a Time, to make Regulations ref petting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope

G^V.c^. which was, by four Acts of the thirty-eighth, thirty-ninth, and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, further continued until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, shall, from and immediately after the fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, be revived and continued, and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue in full Force and Effect, from and immediately after the said fifth Day of March, until the fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, and from thence until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

1 1804, &c.

37G. 3-c.ai, jespecting the Trade of the Cape of Good Hope, ' h 33

39 G. 3. c. 12.

39#4oG. 3. c. 9; c. 17* §3. and 41 G. 3 (G. H.)c. 20.

\ 2.] revived, and further continued till March

33 G. 3. c. 67, for preventing damaging Ships, lie. made perpetual.

13G. 3. c.Si.

IV. And whereas the Law herein after mentioned has by Experience been found tifeful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the same should be revived and made perpetualbe it therefore further enacted, That an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, an Act for better preventing Offences in obJlruSing, defraying, or damaging Ships or other Vessels, and in obfrutting Seamen, Keelmen, Cajlers, and Ship Carpenters, from pursuing their lawful Occupations; which was to continue in force until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, continued until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, shall, from and immediately after the fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, be revived, and the same is hereby revived, and shall, from and immediately after the said fifth Day of March, be made perpetual.

CAP. XL

An Act to (extend, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and one, the Provisions of an Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Cultivation, Improvement, and Regulation of the Common Arable Fields, Wcfesy end Commons of PaJiure, in this Kingdom, and for encouraging the Cultivation of Potatoes in open axld common Field Lands. £ad April 1801.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirteenth. Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Cultivation, Improvement, and Regulation of the Common Arable Fields, Wades, and Commons of Pasture, in this Kingdom, it is amongst other Things enacted, That three-fourths in Number and Value of the Occupiers of such Fields and Commons may enter into an Agreement for cultivating the fame, in the Manner therein mentioned and directed: And whereas it is expedient at the present Coniunfture, that Encou-

kOTd* Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority < Occupiers of That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Majority in value of the Occupiers of any open and

pen FieMs, prew common Field Lands, who shall be present at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of eight Days* Notice given lent at* Meet- in the Manner directed by the said Act, to enter into any Agreement for (hutting up and unstocking such open jog held accord- and common Field Lands for the Purpose of planting the same with Potatoes; and the Expences of carrying Atf^roayenter1 Agreement into Execution, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid in the same Manner as the

into any Agree! Charoes and Expences of carrying the Purposes of the said Act into execution are directed to be raised, levied, jneot for (hut- collected, and paid, ting up such Fields for planting potatoes. Ice*.

In default there-

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen that the Majority in value of of, any Occupier such Occupiers shall disapprove of the (hutting up and unstocking any such Lands, it shall and may be lawful to Land^tafOc for an7 Occupier of such open and common Field Lands to inclose the Land in his own Occupation for the

cupation, mak- Purp0^ aforesaid; and a Compensation for the Right of Pasture, which may be claimed by the other Occu-k\g such Com- piers thereof, shall be ascertained by three principal Inhabitants, chosen as aforesaid, and shall be paid by such pensation to the Occupier to the Persons severally entitled thereto, others as shall be ascertained by three Inhabitants. [See §4.]

Rights of fepa-

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall exclude any Person or Persons sate Sheep-walk seised or possessed of a separate Sheep-walk or Pasture of Cattle in or over all or any of the common Field Lands, in any Parish or Place, or in or over any Part thereof, from using, exercising, and enjoying such Right, in as full and ample Manner to all Intents and Purposes as he might or could have enjoyed the same before the passing of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any three of the principal Inhabitants of any Parish or Place in which such open and common Field Lands so to be shut up shall be situate, being chosen by the Majority in value of such Occupiers at the Meeting to be held in Manner before mentioned, (and of which the Lord of the Manor or his Agent, or the Rector, Vicar, or Curate of such Parish or Place shall be one), to ascertain, settle, and determine the Recompense and Satisfaction that ought to be made to Cottager* and <Jther Persons having only a Right of Common on such Lands, for the Loss they may sustain by the shutting up thereof, and by order, under the Hands and Seals of any two or more of such principal Inhabitants, to order and direct the several Persons possessed of or occupying any such Lands, to make Recompence or Satisfaction to such Cottagers or other persons, by a Payment in Money, or to allot to them Rich, Quantity

or Pasture of Cattle not to be affected.

Compensation to be made to Persons having Right of Common, for any Lois fuft lined.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) C. 20, 21, 22.

specii

Cultivation of Potatoes, to and for their sole Use and Benefit; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary

53

39 G. VC. SO, recited.

of Land, and for such Period, as shall be specified in^ such Warrant, to be made- use of by them for the

Cultivation of P< -

DOtwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the twenty-ninth Day of September Continuance of one thousand eight hundred and one.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for permitting East India Goods prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, and ware-housed, in pursuance of an Act made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to be removed by Land Carriage to certain Ports, for the Purpose of being exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies.

[18th April 1801.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, amongst other Things for permitting certain Goods imported from the East Indies to be warehoused in the Port of London; and such Goods, after having been so warehoused, are required to be exported directly from the Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall have been so lodged or secured: And whereas it is expedient to permit East India Goods, which are prohibited to be worn or used in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, and which shall have been warehoused in pursuance of the said Act, to be removed by Land Carriage to the Ports of Liverpool, Laniyjlery and BriJloU for the Purpose of being exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever any East India Goods* which are prohibited to be worn or used in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, and which fcall hare been so warehoused in pursuance of the said Act, shall be intended to be exported to any British Colony or Plantation in the West Indies, it shall and may he lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Cafloms for the Time being, or any four or more of them, to grant Permission for the Removal of the said Goods from such Warehouse or Warehouses by Land Carriage to the Ports of Liverpool, Lancaster, and Bribed, for the Purpose of being exported from thence respectively to the said British Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, under such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Securities, as are now by Law required for certain East India prohibited Goods, when removed from on$ Port of Great Britain, to another, to be from thence exported to Africa 10 certain Ports for exportation to the Bi iiifh Colonies in

Commissioner* of the Custom* may permit East India Goods, prohibited to be worn in Great Britain, and warehoused under recited Actv to be remove d by Land Carnage the West Indies*

CAP. XXII.

An Act to render valid Indentures of Apprenticeship of Poor Children and others, made upon Improper Stamps, upon certain Conditions; and to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties thereby.

[18th April 1801.]

WHEREAS divers Indentures of Apprenticeship made for the binding Poor Children and others, have* through Mistake and Inadvertency, and without any Intention to defraud the Revenue, been made out and executed upon Stamps of a different Denomination and Value than is required by the several Acts relating % to the Stamp Duties charged and payable upon Indentures of Apprenticeship, and by reason thereof great*Inconvenience has arisen, and may arise, to the Matters and Mistresses of such Apprentices, and to such Ap- prentices, by reason that such Indentures are not valid or binding upon any of the Parties thereto: And whereas it is expedient that the same should be rectified; for remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that*it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That upon Payment on or before the thirty-first Day of December one thousand eight hundred and one, of the full Rate or Duty payable in respect of any such Indenture, or on the Production at the Head Office of Stamps, of any such Indentures of Apprenticeship, where the same shall have been stamped with any Stamp of a higher Value, though of a different Denomination, than is required by Law, every such Indenture shall, on being tendered at the proper Place in the Stamp-Office where such Indentures are stamped, during the Time of Office Hours, be stamped with the proper Stamp for such Indentures, without the Payment 0? any Penalty whatever; and every such Indenture being so stamped as aforesaid with the proper Stamp (whether the same shall be £0 stamped during the Time mentioned in any such Indenture, or after the Expiration thereof) shall thereupon be good, valid, and available in Law and Equity, and shall be binding upon all the Parties thereto, and shall be deemed to have been in full Force from the Execution thereof, and shall and may be given in evidence in any Court or Courts whatsoever; and the several Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants therein respectively named, shall be capable of following and exercising their respective intended Profession, Trade, Employment, or Business, as fully as if the said Indenture had been properly stamped at or after the Execution thereof; and all and every Person and Persons who hath or have incurred any Penalty or Forfeiture by any such Neglect or Omission as aforesaid, shall be acquitted and discharged of and from, and indemnified against the fame, except only in such Cases where any Prosecution shall be now depending; any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Penalty, and

On payment bf Dvc. 31, 1801, of the Duty payable on Indentures. of Ap-preniic eship, or on. Product i- >n of such as shall have been stamped with a Stamp ol a higher Value, thouglh of a different Denomination, than is required by Law, the same shall be stamped with the proper Stamp, without Payment of any shall be valid, &cw

54

41° GEORGII III. ( '.) A.D. 1801

C. 2 3.

f7O.2vC. 3S, §6.

On Appeal from any Poor Rate, the Quarter Session may amend it without quashing it; or, if necessary to grant Relief, may «iuafli the Rate; scut the Sum assessed shall notwithstanding be levied and applied in satis-i'action of the next effective Rate.

Notice of Appeal shall not prevent Distress being made for the Recovery of the Rate; but 110 greater Sum shall be proceeded for than that assessedin the last effective Rate.

i§ 4.]

Quarter Sessiom having ordereti a Rate tobequaSh-ed, may order the Sum charged on any Person not to be paid, and flop Proceedings for the Recovery thereof, &c.

Justices, Sec. shall not be liable as Trcfp; uT-ers for prev ious proceedings. Notices of Appeal ag'.init Poor Rates, or Accounts of Churchwardens, &c. shall be in Writing, &c. and shall Specify the grounds of Appeal.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for the better Collection of Rates made for the Relief of the Poor..[18th April 1801.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for remedying some Defects in the Ady made in the forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, 'An Act for the Relief of the Poor i* Power was given to Justices of the Peace, upon Appeals from Rates and Assessments, where they should fee just Cause to give Relief, to amend the same in such Manner only as should be necessary for giving such Relief, without altering such Rates or Assessments with respect to other Persons mentioned in the fame: And whereas the quaftiing or setting aside of Rates or Assessments made for the Relief of the Poor, is attended with great Inconvenience; and it hath happened, in consequence of the Rate or Assessment being quashed or set aside, or of Notice of Appeal against the whole Rate being given, the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor have- not had any Money in hand for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor: For Remedy whereof, may it* 4 please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and* with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, upon all Appeals from any Rate or Assessment made for the Relief of the Poor of any Parish, Township, Vill, or Place, the Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peac£ shall, and such Court is hereby authorized and required (in all Cases where they shall see just Cause to give Relief) to amend such Rate or Assessment, either by inferring therein or striking out the Name or Names of any Person or Persons, or by altering the Sum or Sums therein charged on any Person or Persons, or in any other Manner which the said Court shall think necessary for giving such Relief, and without quashing or wholly setting aside such Rate or Assessment: Provided always, That if the said Court shall be of opinion that it is necessary, for the Purpose of giving Relief to the Person or Persons appealing, that the Rate or Assessment should be wholly quashed, then the said Court may quash the fame; but. nevertheless, all and every the Sum and Sums of Money in and by such Rate or Assessment charged on any Person or Persons, shall and may be levied and recovered by such Ways and Means, and in such and the same Manner, as if no Appeal had been made against such Rate or Assessment; and all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which any Person or Persons charged in such Rate or Assessment shall pay, or which shall he levied upon or recovered from him, her, or them, shall be deemed and taken as Payment, on account of the next, eneftive Rate or Rates, Assessment or Affeflinenfs, which shall be made for the Relief of the Poor of the same Parish, Township, Vill, or Place.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every the Sum and Sums of Money at which any Person or Persons is or are or shall be rated or assessed, in any Rate or Assessment made for the Relief of the Poor of any Parish, Township, Vill, or Place, shall and may be levied and recovered* by Distress, and all other lawful Ways and Means, notwithstanding the Person* or Persons so rated or assessed, or any other Person or Persons, shall have given Notice of Appeal from or against such Rate or Assessment, for any Cause whatsoever: Provided always, That if any Person, rated or assessed in any Rate or Assessment made for the Relief of the Poor, shall give such Notice of Appeal as herein after mentioned*to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Township, Vill, or Place, or any two of them, then, from and after the giving of such Notice, and until the Appeal shall have been heard and determined, no Proceedings shall be commenced or carried on to recover any greater Sum or Sums of Money from such Person or Persons, than the Sum or Sums at which he, she, or they, or any Occupier of the same Premises, shall have been rated or assessed in the last effective Rate which shall have been collected in such Parish, Township, Vill, or Place.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall upon Appeal order any Rate or Assessment for the Relief of the Poor to be quashed, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order that any Sum or Sums of Money, in and by such Rate or Assessment charged on any Person or Persons, or any Part of any, such Si »n or Sums, not to be paid, and then and in every such Case no Proceedings shall, after making such Order, be commenced; or if any Proceedings have been previously commenced, such Proceedings shall be it further prosecuted or carried on for the Purpose of levying or enforcing the Payment of any Sum or Sums which shall be so ordered by the said Court not to be paid as aforesaid: Provided always, That no Justice of the Peace, Constable, or other Officer of the Peace or other Person shall be deemed a Trespasser, or liable to any Action, for any Warrant, Order, Act, or Thing, which such Justice, Constable, or other Officer or Person shall have granted, made, executed, or done, for the Purpose of levying or enforcing the Payment of any such Sum or Sums of Money before he shall have had Notice in Writing of the Order for the Non-payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, which the said Court is hereby authorized to make as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Notices of Appeal from or against any Rate or Assessment made for the Relief of the Poor, or from or against the Account of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Township, Vill, or Place, shall be in Writing, and shall he ligned by the Person or Persons giving the fame, or his, her, or their Attorney, on his, her, or their Behalf; and such Notices of Appeal shall be delivered to or left at the Places of Abode of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township, Vill, or Place, or any two of them, and the particular Causes or Grounds of Appeal shall be stated and specified in such Notice; and upon the Hearing of any Appeal from or against any such Rate or Assessment, or Account, the Court of General or Quarter Sessions to which such Appeal shall be made, shall not examine or enquire into any other Cause or Ground of Appeal than such as are or is stated andsfpccified in the Notice of Appeal# -

A.p.1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) C. 23.

V. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That with the Consent of the Overseers, signified by them or their Attorney in open Court, and with the Consent of any other Person intere$ed therein, the said Court of Sessions may proceed to hear and decide upon such Appeal, although no Notice thereof shall have been given in Writing; and also that with she like Consent such Court may hear and decide upon Grounds of Appeal, not Rated or mis-stated in such written Notice, where any Notice shall have been given in Writing.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall appeal against any Rate or Assessment made for the Relief of the Poor, because any other Person or Persons is or are rated or assessed in such Rate or Assessment, or is or are omitted to be rated or assessed therein, or because any other Person or Persons is or are rated or assessed in any such Rate or Assessment at any greater or less Sum or Sums of Money than the Sum or Sums at which he, she, or they ought to be rated or assessed therein, or for any other Cause that may require any Alteration to be made in such Rate or Assessment with respect to any other Person or Persons, then and in every such Case the Person or Persons To appealing for the Causes aforesaid, or any of them, shall give such Notice of Appeal, in Writing as herein-before mentioned, not only to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, or any two or more of them, but also to the other Person or Persons so interdled or concerned in the Event of such Appeal as aforesaid; and such other Person or Persons shall, if he, she, or they shall so desire, be heard upon the said Appeal; and it shall be lawful for the Court of General or Quarter £essions of the Peace, on the Hearing of such Appeal, to order the Name or Names of such other Person or Persons to be inserted in such Rate or Assessment, and him, her, or them to be thereia rated and assessed at any Sum or Sums of Money; or to order the Name or Names of such other Person or Pefr-lons to be struck out of such Rate or Assessment, or the Sum or Sums at which he, she, or they is or are rated or assessed therein, to be altered, in such Manner as the said Court shall think right; and the proper Officer of the said Court shall forthwith add to or alter the Rate or Assessment accordingly.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if upon the Hearing of any Appeal from or against any Rate or Assessment, the said Court shall order the Name or Names of any Person or Persons to be inserted therein, and him, her, or them to be rated or assessed at any Sum or Sums oi Money, or shall order the Sum or Sums at which mw Person or Persons is or are therein rated or assessed to be raised or increased, then and in such Case all and eveij the Sum and Sums of Money, at or to which such Person or Persons shall be so ordered to be rated Or afieffed, or to be raised or increased, or so much thereof as shall not have been already paid, shall and may be recovered in such and the same Manner, and by such and the same Means, as if he, she, or they had been originally named in such Rate or Assessment, and rated or assessed therein at such Sum or Sums of Money.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if upon the Hearing of any Appeal from any Rate or Assessment for the Relief of the Poor, the Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall order the Name or Names of any Person or Persons to be llnick out of such Rate or Assessment, or the Sum or Sums rated or assessed on any Person or Persons to be decreased or lowered; and if it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Person or Persons hath or have, previously to the Hearing of such Appeal, paid any Sum or Sums of Money, in continence of such Rate or Assessment, which he, she, or they ought not to have paid or been charged with, then and in every such Case the said Court shall order all and every such Sum and Sums of Money to be repaid and returned, by the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, to the Person or Persons having paid the same respectively, together with all reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences, occasioned by such Person or Persons having paid or been required to pay the same; and all and every the Sum and Sums of Money so ordered to be repaid or returned by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or any of them, shall and may, together with all such Colls, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, be levied and recovered from them, or any of them, by Distress and all such other Ways and Means as the Money charged, rated, or assessed on any Person, by any Kate or Assessment made for the Relief jof the Poor, can or may be by Law levied or recovered.

IX. And whereas it may have happened that the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of some Parishes,

Townships, Vills, or Places, have not been able to collect a Sum of Money sufficient for the Relief and Main-

tenance of the Poor within or belonging to the fame, but they, or the Guardian or Guardians of the Poor of such Parishes, Townships, Vills, or Places, have heretofore actually advanced and expended considerable Sums for that Purpose be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Township, Vill, or Place, or any of them, out of any Money which they or any of them shall collector receive by virtue or in pursuance of any Rate or Assessment made for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish, Township, Vill or Place, to repay and reimburse the preceding Churchwardens and Overseers, Guardian or Guardians of the Poor of such Parish, Township, Vill, or Place, all such Sums of Money as they or any of them have heretofore advanced or expended for the Relief or Maintenance of the Poor within or belonging to such Parish, Township, Vill, or Place* during the Time that no Rate or Assessment for the Relief of the Poor thereof has been made, or during the Time that any Appeal has been depending which affected the Whole of such Rate or Assessment, or upon the Hearing of which, the same might be wholly quashed or set aside; and in case the Church wardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Township, Vill, or Place, shall not pay to the preceding Churchwardens and Overseers, Guardian or Guardians, all such Sums of Money as they or any of them have so advanced and expended, for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor as aforesaid, within fourteen Days next after Demand in Writing made for that Purpose, it shall be lawful for such preceding Churchwardens and Overseers, Guardian or Guardians of the Poor, or any of them, to apply to the then next Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, Town, Corporation, or Franchise, within which such Parish, Township, Vill, or Place is situate, giving due Notice in Writing of such Application to the then Churchw ardens and Overseers of the Poor of such Parish, Township, Vill, or Place, or any two or more of them; and the said Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall enquire into the Matter of the said Application, and examine the Parties and their Witnesses upon Oath, and shall make an Order upon the then Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of such Parish, Township, Vill, or

Place,

55

Appeals may be

decided, if the Parties consent, although such Notice be not given.

Persons appealing against any Rate, shall give Notice, not only* to the Churchwardens, &o. but also to the Persons intercity c4, See.

The Rate shall be recovered a* altered by the Quarter Sessions.

In case in the Rate the Name* of any Person shall be ftrtifk out, or any Sun* lowered, the 'Quarter Sessions shall order the Money, which ought not to have: been recovered*, to be repaid, with Costs, by the Churchwardens, Sec*

Succeeding Churchwardens-and Overseers empowered U>' repay Money expended by some preceding Churchwardens*. See. for the Maintenance of the Poor, white there was no Rate: or during, an Appeal: and in default of such* Re-payment, the Quarter Sessions, onAp* plication being made to them, shall make an Order for Pay*-meat*.

c.

s&

9 G. 3. c. 29.

IG. 1. ft. 2. c. 5.

1 Gul. & Mar. ft. 1. c. 18.

Damages occasioned by tht ^lemoiifliing of Mills, &c. by Persons unlawfully nftcmMod, may be sued for and recovered in the Manner provided respecting other Buildings, by 1 G. 1. ft. u 5-

lU'/h .-IV, 10 H.

C. 23, 24, 25. 41* GEORGII III. A.D. 1801.

Place, or aoy of them, out of the Money collected or received, or to be collect'd or received by them or any of them, under or in pursuance of any Rate or Assessment made for the Relief of the Poor, to pay such Sum or Sums of Money to the preceding Churchwardens and Overseers, Guardian or Guardians of the Poor of the same, or any of them, as the said Court shall think fit; and all and every the Sum and Sums of Money so ordered by the said Court to be paid, shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and all such other Ways and Means as the Money charged, rated, or assessed 011 any Person by any Rate or Assessment made for the Relief of the Poor, can or may be by Law levied or recovered,

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for the indemnifying of Persons injured by the forcible pulling down and demolishing of Mills, or of Works thereunto belonging, by Persons unlawfully and riotously assembled.

[18th April 1801.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Punishment of such Persons as shall demolish or pull downy burn, or other wise destroy or 1 spoil, any Mill or Mills; and for preventing the destroying or damaging of Engines for draining Collieries and Alines; 4 or Bridges, Waggon Ways, or other Things used in conveying Coals, Lead, Tin, or other Minerals from Mines; or Fences for inclosing Lands in pursuance of Acts of Parliament, it was amongst other Things recited, That by an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for preventing Tumults and riotous AJfcmblies, and for the more speedy and effectual punishing the Rioters, it was among other Things enacted, That if any Persons unlawfully, riotously, and tumultuously* assembled together, to the Dif-

turbance of the publick Peace, should unlawfully and with Force demolish or pull down, or begin to demolish or pull down, any Church or Chapel, or any Building for religious Worship, certified and registered according to

the Statute made in the first Year of the Reign 01 the late King William and Queen Alan, intituled, An Act for exempting their Majesties* Protedant Subjects, dissenting from the Church of England, from t/je Penalties of certain Laws, or any Dwelling-house, Bam, Stable, or other Outhouse, that then every such demolishing or pulling down, or beginning to demolish or pull down, should be adjudged Felony without Benefit of Clergy, and the Offenders therein mould be adjudged Felons, and should fuller Death as m Cases of Felony without Benefit of9Clergy; And it was also further recited. That some Doubts had arisen whether the said Act extended to the pulling down and demolishing of Mills: Wherefore, for remedying the Mischiefs which might ensue therefrom

and for the more effectual Punishment of such Offenders, it was by the said Act enacted, That if any Person or Persons unlawfully, riotously, and tumultuously assembled together to the Disturbance of the publick Peace, should at any Time after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, unlawfully and with Force demolish or pull down, or begin to demolish or pull down, any Wind Saw Mill or other Wind Mill, or any Water Mill or other Mill, which should have been or shall be erected, or any of the Works thereto respectively belonging, that then every- such demolishing or pulling down, or beginning to demolish or pull dowu,

should be adjudged Felony without Benefit of Clergy, and the Offenders therein should be adjudged Felons, and should suffer Death as in case of Felony without Benefit of Clergy': And whereas no Prpvillon is made in and by the said recited Act for the Indemnification of the Persons damnified and injured by such pulling down and demolishing of the above-mentioned Mills and Works thereunto belonging: And whereas it is expedient that the like Remedy and Means of Indemnification should be extended to the Persons damnified and injured by the pulling down and demolishing such Mills and Works thereunto belonging, as are by the said Act, passed in the first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for preventing Tumults and riotous Ajffemblies, and for the more speedy and effectual punishing the Rioters, now afforded and given to the Persons damnified and injured by the demoli flung and pulling down wholly or in part any Church,

Chapel, Building for religious Worship, Dwelling House, Bam, Stable, or Outhouse, as in the said last-mentioned Act is mentioned Be it therefore enacted, by the Kisg's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if after the passing of this Act, any Wind Saw' Mill or other Wind Mill, or any Water Mill or other Mill, or any of the*Works thereunto belonging, shall be demolished or pulled down, wholly or in part by any Persons so unlawfully, riotously, and tumultuously assembled, that then the Da* mages sustained by the Person or Persons injured and damnified by such demolishing or pulling down wholly or in part, shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied, raised, and reimbursed in such Manner and Form and by such Ways and Means as are particularly provided in and by the said Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty King George the First, in respect to the several Descriptiona of Buildings therein mentioned-

CAP. XXV.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Mailer of the Rolls, In that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland: and for augmenting the Salary annexed to the said Office.

[18th April 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Office of Mailer of the Rolls in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, should be made a Judicial Office and Assistant to the Lord High Chancellor of Ireland;

but the same being, by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Henry the Seventh, now held only at the King's Will and Pleasure, it is expedient that his Majesty should be empowered to regulate the said Office, and that the Salary thereof Should be augmented

be

57

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) C. 25.

His Majesty may grant the Commission of Marter of the Rolls in Ireland, and provide that it shall remain in fotce during th# good Behaviour of the PoflelTor.

Such Mafttr of the Rolls may make Older# and Decrees, which Hull be valid, but subject

to be discharged, See. by the Lord Chancellor, and not enrolled till signed by him j

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in and his Majesty any such Patent, to provide that the said Mailer of the Rolls shall have full Power and Authority to make provide that Orders, in all Matters touching the Execution of the Laws respecting Bankrupts in that Part of the United Orders Kingdom called Ireland; and that all such Orders shall be of the like Force and Effect as if made by the Lord Matter* respect-ChanceUor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Ireland for the Time being } subject ing Bankrupts, nevmhriris to be discharged, reverted, or altered, by the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Com- subject to the iffioom of the Great SeaL like Controul.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, where any such Commission as There shall be Mforehid Hall be granted by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, Pa, d Quarterly, there OaH be issued, paid, ana payable, out of, and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund in that i^ateci^und of-Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland (after paying and referring sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums Ireland, so much of Money as have been mrested by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the lame, but with as will make up Preference to all other Payments which shall or may be hereafter charged upon or payable out of the said the Salary and Fund), to the Matter of the Kofls as aforesaid, to whom such Powers shall be granted as aforesaid, as an Augmentation of his Salary, so much Money as will make up his Salary and pecuniary Profits belonging to his said r^00* Office, the annual Sum of three thousand five hundred Pounds; which said Sum of Money to be issued in pursuance annually, of this Act, shall from Time to Time from thenceforth be payable and paid Quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes >*d Deductions whatsoever, on every twenty-fifth Day of March* twenty-fourth Day of June* twenty-ninth Day of September and twenty-fifth Day of December; the first Payment thereof, or of such Proportion thereof as shall have accrued from the t>ate of such Grant of such Office as aforesaid, to be made on the first of the said Days which shall next happen after the Grant of such Office shall actually have been made under and by virtue of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every such Matter of the Rolls for the Time bring, or such Officer as Account of

he shall appoint, shall, as (bon as Conveniently may be after the fifteenth Day of March* fourteenth Day of June* [h#

marteenth Day of September and fifteenth Day of December* commencing on such of the said Days as shall happen JJjf £c 1 sort afteT fnen Grant of such Office as aforesaid, deliver to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the delivered Qu.m-Treasury for the Time being of Ireland* an Account, signed by such Matter of the Rolls, of his clear Salary tcrly to the Life after the Deductioa of aH Fees and Taxes paid in respect thereof, and also of all Fees and pecuniary Profits Treasury, which shall have been received or were payable to him in respect of the Execution of his said Office of Matter

«f tbt Rolls aforesaid, between th*c Day on which such Matter of the Rolls shall have entered upon his Office n pursuance of such Grant as aforesaid, and the Day upon which such Account is dmefted, to be delivered by virtue of this Act; and a like Account shall be delivered, in like Manner, in every succeeding Quarter, ending on the temth Day of March* fourteenth Day of June, nineteenth Day of September, and fifteenth Day of December* of the Fabrics ami Fees and pecuniary Profits which shall have been received or were payable to him, in respect of his Office* from the Day to which the last Account delivered in was made up for the preceding Quarter aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That in whatever Sum the whole Amount which shall have been received or and wh*fe*5* was payable to any such Matter of the Rolls as aforesaid ih respect of his said Office wkhin the Quarter com- Sum In* prized in any such Account, shall be less than the clear Sum of eight hundred and seventy-five Pounds, the fe^LnV't same shall be the Sum to be issued for the Quarter in which the said Account shall be delivered, and shall be ptr Qunites computed and afeortamed so as to make up the Whole of the Salary and pecuniary Profits of such Matter of shall i>c issued the Rolls as aforesaid, to the Quarterly Sum before mentioned; and ^ueh Sum shall be issued accordingly as accordingly, if the Sum fb to be ascertained ha3 been specificafly mentioned in this Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person having such Grant of the Office of Matter of The Executon of the Rolls as aforesaid, shall die, or resign the fame, then the Executors or Administrators of the Person so any Masteroithe dying, or the Person so resigning the fame, shall be entitled to such proportionable Part of the clear Salary and

Proms of such Office as aforesaid, as according to the Rates above-mentioned, shall have accrued during the person wiul'shall-Time that such Person shall have executed such Office as aforesaid; and the proper Officer of the Successor of rtfigniUcOHice, every such Person shall, on such of the said Days appointed for delivering in lucn Accounts as aforesaid which shall be entitled ffiafl be immediately subsecpient to every such Death or Resignation, or as soon after as conveniently may be, 104 propoiiion deliver in such Account as is herein-before required to be delivered, signed by fych Succdfor, and also by his V, 1 ll^c s*ry

41 Geo. III. (£/.*.) I Predecessor 1W<'lUk#

be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to grant the Commission of Matter of the Rolls of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for the Time being, unto any Person quam diu fe bene ge/ferit: and to provide that such Commission shall continue and remain in full Force during the good Behaviour of the Person holding the said Office, notwithstanding any Demise of his Majesty (whom God long preserve) or of any of his Heirs or Successors, any Law, Usage, or Practice to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and that the Mailer of the Rolls so appointed shall have full Power and Authority to make Orders and Decrees, on all Matters and Causes now depending, or which shall hereafter be depending, in the Court of Chancery of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and that all fadi Orders and Decrees shall be deemed and taken to be valid Orders and Decrees of the said Court of Chancery; but subject nevertheless, in every such Case, to be discharged, reversed, or altered, by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Ireland for the Time being; and so as no such Orders or Decrees be enrolled till the same shall be signed by the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal.

C. 25, 26.

41 GEORGII III. ({/.A'.) A.D. 1801.

Rates above*

mentioned, during their executing it; but it* more has been received, the Excels shall be paid to the Sucre (Tor.

Surrreding Walters of the Rolls shall receive the Salaries and Profits of Oihce from the

Predecessor in case of Resignation, or the Executors or Administrators of such Predecessor deceased, as the Case may be: and such Successor and his Predecessor in case of Resignation, and the Executors and Administrators of such Predecessor in case of Death, shall be respectively entitled to and receive such proportionable Part of such Sum, as upon such Account shall be due and payable by virtue of this Act as aforesaid; and in case such Person so dying or resigning shall have received, during such Part of the Quarter in which such Person shall die or resign, more than a proportionable Part of the clear Salary and Profits of his Office, according to the Time during which such Person shall have executed the fame, every such Person so resigning, and the Executors or Administrators of the Person so dying, shall pay to the Successor of every such Person, so much as the Snms shall exceed the Sums to which such Person so dying or resigning shall be entitled according to the Rates aforesaid.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Successor of every such Person so dying or resigning shall be entitled to have and receive from all Persons whatsoever, such Salaries and Profits as shall arise and become due (Vom the Death or Resignation of his Predecessor in the Office of such Mailer of the Rolls aforesaid, in like Manner as if his Grant or Patent had borne Date the Day next subsequent to the Day of the Death or Resignation of his

Predecessor.

Death er Resignation of their PrcdeccfTors.

Matter of the Rolls may appoint a Deputy, who mutt be approved by the Lord Chancellor.

His Majesty may remove any Matter of the Kwlli upon an Addiefi of Parliament,

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Mailer of the Rolls so to be appointed shall and may have Power and Authority to appoint a proper and sufficient Officer to execute such Part of the Duties of the said Office as have been heretofore performed by Deputy, such Officer first to be approved by the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Ireland respectively, for the Time being, by Instrument under the Hand and Seal of such Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners respectively.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to remove any Mailer of the Rolls upon an Address of both Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for reviving and further continuing, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, several A£h, made in the thirty-eighth, thirty-pinth, and fortieth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, for empowering his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government.

[18th April 1801.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for further continuing, c. 32. ' until Jix Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, several Acts, made in the thirty

eighth and thirty-ninth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, ana tn thf last Session of Parliament, for empowering his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government: which Act was to continue in force until nx Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer: And whereas it is necessary for the publick Safety that the Provisions of the said All Should be revived and continued be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person who shall be in Pxifon within that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, called Great Britain, at or upon the Day on which this Act shall receive his Majesty's Royal Assent, or at any Time after that Day, by Warrant of Iris laid Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, signed by fix of the said Privy Council, or by Warrant signed by any of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for High Treason, Suspicion of Treason, 01^ Treasonable rra&ices, may be detained in safe Custody, without Bail or Mainprize, until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament: and that no Judge or Justice of the Peace shall bail or try any such Person so committed, without Order from his said Majesty's Privy Council, signed by fix of the said Privy Council, until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Alt made in Scotland in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and one, intituled, An Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, and agatnjl undue Delays in Trials, in so far as the same may be conllrued to relate to Cases of Treason and Suspicion of Treason, be suspended until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament; and that until the said Day no Judge, Justice of the Peace, or other Officer of the Law in Scotland, shall liberate, try, or admit to bail, any Person or Persons that is, are, or shall be, in Prison within Scotland for such Causes as aforesaid, without Order from his said Majesty's Privy Council, signed by fix of the said Privy Council.

III. Provided always, That, from and after the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the said Persons so committed shall have the Benefit and Advantage of all Laws and Statutes any Way relating to or providing for the Liberty of the Subjects of this Realm.

Persons who are er shall be imprisoned for High Treason,

Ac. may be detained till Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Settien of Parliament.

Alt in Scotland of 1701, for preventing wrongous Imprison-mem, so far as may relate to Treason, &c. suspended til I the same Period.

From that Period, Persons so committed shall have the Benefit of all Laws providing for the Liberty of the Subject, &c.

Privileges of Parliament, shall not be invalidated by tins

Art.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this All shall be construed to extend to invalidate the ancient Rights and Privileges in Parliament, or to the Imprisonment or Detaining of any Member of either House of Parliament, during the Sitting of such Parliament, until the Matter of which he (lands suspected be first communicated to the House of which he is a Member, and the Consent of the said House obtained for his Commitment or Detainer.

A.D. 1801.

41° GEORGII III. {U.K.)

C. 26.

59

Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State may order any Pci ton committed on any Charge of High Treason, See. to he conveyed from one Prison to another.

V. Provided nevertheless, That any Person or Persons in Prifdn, at the Time of passing this Act, against Persons impri.

Whom any Bill or Bills of Indictment for High Treason have been already found, shall and may be tried on such Indictment, a* if the Act had never passed.

High Treason arc already found, shall be tried thereon.

VI. And whereas it may be highly important that such Persons as have been or shall be secured and de- Any one of his

tained on Charges of High Treason, Suspicion of High Treason, and Treasonable Practices, under Warrants

from one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, under the Authority of the said recited Acts or of this Act, should be kept wholly separate and apart from each other, so as to prevent all Communication between

them and with other Persons, except such Communication as his Majesty may think fit to permit, and under such Restrictions as may be adviseable; and it has been found by Experience to be very difficult to keep such Persons separate as aforesaid, and to prevent fudi Communication as aforesaid, without fending such Persons to different Places of Confinement; and Doubts may arise how far the Powers of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to change the Places of Confinement of Persons so committed extends, and it is expedient to provide that the same shall not be so exercised as to deprive the Persons so committed of any Right to be tried or discharged, which they might respectively have had if their respective Places of Confinement had not been changed:

Now, to obviate all Doubts and Difficulty in respect thereof, ' be it further enacted and declared, That it shall be lawful for one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, as he shall see Occasion, to order any Person committed to any Gaol, or other Prison, on any Charge of High Treason, Suspicion of High Treason, or Treasonable Practices, either before or after Indictment found, to be conveyed to and detained in any other Gaol or other Prison, until discharged by due Course of Law, and to issue all Warrants necessary for such Purposes: Provided always nevertheless. That no Person who shall be removed by any such Warrant as aforesaid, shall be, by Means of such Removal, deprived of such Right to be tried or discharged, as such Person would by Law have been entitled to if not so removed; and in every Case in which any such Person would have been entitled to have been tried or discharged if such Person had continued in the Gaol or Prison to which such Person was before committed, it shall be lawful for such Person to apply to be bailed or discharged, in the same Manner as such Person might have done if such Person had remained in the Gaol or Prison to which such Person was before committed as aforesaid.

VII. 4 And whereas in the disturbed State of Ireland, it has been found necessary to fend divers Persons who have been committed to Prison in Ireland on Charges of High Treason, Suspicion of High Treason, or Treasonable Practices, to Great Britain for safe Custody, and for the Purpose of preventing improper Intercourse between such Persons and other Persons engaged, or suspected of being engaged, in the like Treasons or Treasonable Practices; and it may be found expedient to fend other Persons to Great Britain under like Circumstances; be it enacted, That every Person who hath been sent to Great Britain as aforesaid, before the passing of this Act, and every Person who after the passing of this Act shall be sent to Great Britain for safe Custody, by Order of the Lord Lieutenant or Governor General, or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland, and of fix or more of his Majesty's Privy Council of Ireland, shall and may be detained in Custody in Great Britain, in such Place of safe Custody, aa to his Majesty shall seem fit; provided such Person shall be charged with High Treason, Suspicion of High Treason, or Treasonable Practices, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

Britain m-herever his Majesty pleaseSi

VIII. Provided always nevertheless, That no Person shall be detained as aforesaid, so as to prevent the Trial But when such or Discharge of such Person in due Course of Law, whenever such Person shall, by the Law of Ireland, be entitled to such Trial or Discharge; but in all Cases in which any Person so detained would by the LLaw of 0fIrcland tobe Ireland, if m Custody there, be entitled to be tried or discharged, it shall be lawful for such Person to apply tried or discharg-to the Court of King's Bench in England, or to any Judge of that Court, or to the Court of Judiciary in ed, they may ap-Scitland, or to any Judge of that Court, to be discharged; and if it shall appear to such Court, or to such pjy todieCourtof lodge, that such Person, if in Custody in Ireland, would be entitled to be tried or discharged, it shall be lawful & for such Court or such Judge, to order such Person to be discharged, or to be sent to Ireland to be dealt with Scotland, or any according to Law. Judgeuhereof,

who shall order them to be discharged, or sent to Ireland*

IX. 4 And whereas many Persons engaged in the late Rebellion in Ireland, and in other treasonable Prac- One Principal tkres there, have fled from Ireland, and are now in Great Britain; and other Persons may come from Ireland Secretary of

4 to Great Britain under the like Circumstances; and it may be expedient not only to arrest such Persons for the a^VerfonTn*Purpose of fending them to Ireland to be tried ^br such Offences, but also to secure and detain such Persons in Custody for High Great Britain until they can be properly sent to Ireland to be tried or discharged in due Course of Law; be Treason, Sec. it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for 011c of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by Warrant committed in voder his Hand and Seal, to order any Person who shall be in Custody upon any Charge of High Treason, Suspicion of High Treason, or Treasonable Practices, done or committed in Ireland, to be secured or detained m Great Britain until such Person can be properly font to Ireland, to be tried or discharged in due Course of

Such Removal shall not deprive any Person of any Right to be tried or discharged.

Persons charged with High Treason, Sec. by Warrant of a Principal Secretary of State, and sent from Ireland to Great Britain by Order of the Lord Lieutenant and fix Privy Councillors, may be detained in Custody in Great

Law.

Ireland, to be detained in Great Britain, until he can be properly sent to Ireland to

be tried or discharged.

X. Provided- jjways nevertheless, That no Person shall be detained as aforesaid so as to prevent the Trial or But Persons cn Discharge of such Person in due Course of Law, whenever such Person shall by the Law of Ireland be entitled to such Trial or Discharge; but in all Cases in which any Person so detained would by the Law of Ireland, if in Custody there, be entitled to be tried or discharged, it shall be lawful for such Person to apply to the Court of King's Bench in England, or to any Judge of that Court, or to the Court of Judiciary in Scotland, or to any Judge of that Court, to be dischargei; and if it shall appear to such Court or to such Judge that such Person,

Is if

titled to their Trial or Discharge, may apply for the fame, as under § b preceding.

6o

[Continuance of Act.]

[£< 42G. 3. C. 6.]

jor 'intending Hut

Sum to be raised 701, 250l. by a Lottery of 60, 000 Tickets, at ill. 13s. 9CL each.

All Persons vho

have made De-posits, pursuant to the Resolution of the House of Commons, are required to pay the Remainder of their Subscription* at certahi Timet specined.

Cashier ihaHgive Security, to the Satisfaction of be Commission-«ri of the Trea*-fury; and pay all Monies received into the Exchequer,

Commhltonert of the Treasury

empowered to

apfiity the Money

C. 36, 27. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

if m Custody in Ireland, would be entitled to be tried or discharged, it shall be lawful for such Court or Rich Judge to order such Person to be discharged, or to be sent to Ireland, to be dealt with according to Law.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force witil the Expiration of nx Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money for the Service of Great Britain, to be raised by a Lottery.

[30th April 1801,

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences for Great Britain, have freely resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of seven hundred and cne thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, to be raised by a Lottery, to connil of sixty thousand Tickets, at eleven Pounds thirteen Shillings and Ninepence each, in such Manner as is herein-afttf directed and appointed: And whereas, pursuant to and upon the several Terms and Conditions expressed in the said Resolution, several Persons have, in Books opened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, subscribed together the Whole of the said Sum of seven hundred and one thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, and made Deposits with the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of one Pound three Shillings and Ninepence in respect of every such Ticket, your faithful Commons do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who, in pursuance of the said Resolution, shall have, on or before the tenth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and one, subscribed towards the said Sum of seven hundred and one thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, and made in respect thereof such Deposit as aforesaid, to advance and pay, and they, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, Are hereby required to advance and pay, unto the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England (which Cashier and Cashiers is and are hereby appointed the Receiver or Receivers of such Contributions, without any other Warrant to be had on that Behalf), the remaining Snip of ten Pounds and ten Shillings, in respect 01 each Ticket subscribed for, towards raising the said Sum of seven hundred and one thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, on or before the respective Days, and in the Proportions herein after limited and appointed on that Behalf; (that is to say), For and in respect of each and every such Ticket in the said Lottery, the further Sum of one Pound and ten Shillings, being Part of the Sum so remaining unpaid, Oil or before the tenth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one; the further Sum of one Pound and ten Shillings, other Part thereof, on or before the twenty-eighth Day of August then next following 5 the further Sum of one Pound and ten Shillings, other Part thereof, on or before the twenty third Day of October then next following; the further Sum of two Pounds and ten Shillings, other Part thereof, on or before the eighteenth Day of December then next following; and the remaining Sum of three Pounds and ten Shillings on or before the twenty-second Day of January one thousand eight hundred and twg; and that every such Contributor or Adventurer in the said Lottery, for every Sum of eleven Pounds thirteen Shillings and Ninepence, which he or she shall have so advanced, shall be entitled to such Lot or Share, upon each fortunate Ticket belonging to him or her, as is herein mentioned; and that every Contributor or Adventurer to the said Lottery, who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money at any Time on or before the seventeenth Day of December one thousand eight hundred and one, shall be allowed an Interest by Way of Discount after the Rate of three* Pounds pet Centum per Annum on the Sums so completing his or her Contributions respectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the same to the twenty-second Day of January one thousand eight hundred and two 5 which Allowance is to be paid by the said Cashier or Caftiiera, out of the Monies to be contributed in pursuance of this Act, as loon as such Contributors or Adventurers, their Executors, Admi* nistrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall have completed such Payment; and that all the said Contributors or.Adventurers, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, paying in the Whole of their Monies to be by them respectively contributed towards the said Sum of seven hundred ^pd one thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, shall have Lottery Tickets delivered to them to the Amount of the principal Sum so by them paid for the Purchase thereof, at the Rate of eleven Pounds thirteen Shillings and Ninepence for each Ticket* as soon as such Tickets can conveniently be made out.

II. Provided always, That such Cashier or Cashiers shall give Security to the good Liking of any three of more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, for duly answering and paying into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain, for the publick Use, all the Monie* which he or they hath or have already received, and shall hereafter receive from Time to Time, of and for the said Sum of seven hundred and one thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, and for accounting duly for the fame* and for Personnance of the Trust hereby in him and them reposed; and shall, from Time to Time, pay all such Monies, as soon as he or they shall receive the same, or any Part thereof, or within five Days afterwards at the farthest, into, and shall account for the same in the Exchequer, according to the due Courfp thereof, deducting thereout such Suras as shall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this Act; for which Sums so paid. Allowance shall be made in his or their Accounts.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to issue and apply, from Time to Time, all such. Sums of Money as shall be so paid into the said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer by the said Cashier or

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) C. 27.

Cashiers, to such Services for Great Britain, as Hull then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ in this present Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Stun of five hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said Sum of Seven hundred and one thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, shall be distributed and divided into Prizes, to be drawn in the said Lottery, in such Manner as is by this Act appointed and directed; which said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds shall be payable out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for Great Britain, in such Manner as is herein after mentioned; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, is or are hereby required and authorized, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand or Hands, to cause the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds to be issued and paid, out of the said Aids or Supplies, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them distributed and paid to and amongst the respective Proprietors of the several fortunate Tickets, in the Manner herein after mentioned and directed, as soon as Certificates can be made out for the Sums due in respect of the same.

V. And, for establishing a proper Method for drawing the said Lottery, be it further enacted, That such Persons as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall nominate and appoint, shall be Managers and Directors for preparing and delivering out Tickets, and to oversee the drawing of Lots, and to order, do, and perform, such other Matters and Things as are hereafter in and by this Act directed and appointed by such Managers and Directors to be done and performed; and that such Managers and Directors shall meet together, from Time to Time, at some public Office or Place, for the Execution of the Powers and Trulls in them reposed by this Act; and that the said Managers and Directors, or so many of them as shall be present at any such Meeting, or the major Part of them, shall cause Books to be prepared in which every Leaf shall be divided or distinguished into three Columns, and upon the innermost of the said three Columns, there shall be printed sixty thousand Tickets, to be numbered one, two, three, and so onwards, in an arithmetical Progression, where the common Excess is to be one, until they rife to and for the Number of sixty thousand; and upon the middle Column in every of the said Books, shall be printed sixty thousand Tickets, of the same Breadth and Form, and numbered in like Manner; and, in the extreme Column of the same Books, there shall be printed a third Rank or Series of Tickets of the same Number with those of the other two Columns; which Tickets shall severally be of an oblong Figure, ^md in the said Books shall be joined with oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices, in f.'ch Manner as the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them, shall think most safe and convenient; and t|iat every Ticket in the third or extreme Column of the said Books shall have written or printed thereupon (besides the Number of such Ticket) Words or Figures to this Effect:

LOTTERY For the Year ouc thousand eight hundred and one.

HTHE Bearer of this Ticket will, in pursuance of an Act passed in the forty-first Year of his present Majesty, a

*Reign, be entitled to such beneficial Chance as shall ^elong thereto, in the Lottery to be drawn in Great Britain by virtue of the said Act/ x

VI. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Managers and Directors, or so many of them as shall be present at any such Meeting, or the major Part of them so present, ffjall carefully examine all the said Books with the .Tickets therein, ana take Care that the same be contrived, numbered, and made, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, the same Books, and every or any of them, as they shall be examined, to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, taking from such Cashier or Cashiers an Acknowledgment in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, importing his or their Receipt of such Book or Books, ana so many Tickets therein as shall be delivered to him or them respectively, that so the said Cashier or Cashiers may be charged to answer eleven Pounds thirteen Shillings and Nine-pence in Money for every one of the Tickets in the extreme Column^ which shall be delivered to him or them, or for so many of them as he or they shall not deliver back to the said Managers and Directors; and all and every such Cashier or Cashiers respectively is and are hereby directed and required, upon his or their Receipt of every or any entire Sum of eleven Pounds thirteen Shillings and Ninepence, in full Payment for a Ticket from any Person or Persons contributing or adventuring, as aforesaid, from Time to Time to cut out of the said Book or Books, so to be put into his or their Custody, through the said oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices, indentwise, in the said extreme Columns, such Tickets as shall be necessary to be delivered to the several Persons entitled thereto, as aforesaid; which Tickets the said Cashier or Cashiers shall sign with his or their own Name or Names, and he or they shall permit the respective Person or Persons so entitled, if it be desired, to write his or her Name or Mark on the corresponding Tickets in the same Book or Books; and at the same Time the said Cashier or Cashiers shall deliver to such Person or Persons the Ticket or Tickets so cut off, which he, she, or they, are to keep and use for the better ascertaining and securing the Interest which he, she, or they, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall or may have in the Drawing of the said Lottery.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Cashier or Cashiers, on or before the first Day of February one thousand eight hundred and two, shall redeliver to the said Managers and Directors, at their said Office or Place of Meeting, all the said Books, and therein all the Tickets which the said Cashier or Cashiers shall not have cut out of the same, and delivered to the Persons entitled thereto, as aforesaid; and shall then and there also deliver to the said Managers and Directors a true and just Account, in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, of all Sums of Money accrued or come to the Hands of such Cashier or Cashiers by or for the Tickets delivered, or to be delivered out, pursuant to this Act, and how the fame, and how much thereof, shall have bees actually paid, by such Caider or Cashiers, into the fiud Receipt of Exchequer, for the Purposes

herein

61

paid in by the Cafher.

500, 000l. the Amount of the Prizes, shall be paid out of any Supplies granted this Session.

Managers and Dire£fors of the Lottery lhatl be appointed by the Treasury,

Method of the Lottery Books, prolcribed.

Managers Ault

examine the Books with the Tickets, and deliver them to the Cashiers of the Bank, taking a Receipt for the fame, See.

Cashiers fhaR oa

or before Feb.

1, idea, return the Books, with the undisposed Tickets, with an Account of Money received and paid in.

c6

C. 27.

41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

V if'.ifpofrd Tickets shall !>e deli^e H into lu. Exchequer.

Ticket* of middle Columns shall be rolled up, and fattened with Thread or Silk

and cut off in-diujnvil'e into a Box marked with the Letter

co.

and put into another Box, to be locked up and sealed.

Books shall be prepared with two Columns on each of which 60, 000 Tickets shall be printed.

The Number and Value of the fortunate Tickets, 18, 189 viz. 2 of 20, 000l.

of 10, 000l.

of 5000l. of 2000l.

9 of 1000l.

12 of 500l.

50 of 100l.

100 of 50l. 18, 000, of 18l.

first drawn on certain Daps, viz. ijth Day, 10, 000l."

2ill Day, 20, 000l.

3 2d Day, to*00c/ 40th Day, 1000l. amounting in the Whole to 500, 000l.

All the Tickets in the outermost .Column of the Jail-mentioned Books shall be rolled up and tied,

and cut off into

Box marked with the Letter (*), fff.

Public Notice shall be given, of putting the Ticket* into the Boxes.

Lottery flinll begin drawing on March 3, 1502.

mentioned; and that the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them, which shall be present as aforesaid, shall forthwith cause all the Tickets of the said outermost Columns, which shall not have been delivered to the Contributors and Adventurers as aforesaid, (if aury such be, ) to be delivered into the said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there to be retained and kept as Cash, to be issued, fold, and disposed of, for raising Money for the Purposes in this Act mentioned, as any three of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being shall judge fitting.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them which shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, shall cause all the Tickets in the Middle Columns, in the Books made out with Three Columns as aforesaid, which shall be delivered back to them by or from the said Cashier or Ca« (hiers as aforesaid, to be carefully rolled up, and made fall with Thread or Silk; and the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them as aforesaid, shall, in their Pre fence, and in the Presence of such Contributors or Adventurers as will be there, cause all the said Tickets which are to be so rolled up and made fall, as aforesaid, to be cut of F indentwise, through the said oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices, into a Box to be prepared for that Purpose, and to be marked with the letter (y/, ) which is presently to be put up into another strong Box, and to be locked writh seven different Locks and Keys, to be kept by as many of the said Managers and Directors, and sealed with their Seals* or the Seals of some of them, until the said Tickets are to be drawn, as is herein after mentioned; and that the Tickets in the first or innermofl Columns of the said Books shall remain dill in the Books, for discoTering any Mistake or Fraud (if any such should happen to be committed) contrary to the true Meaning of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them which shall be present at any Meeting as aforesaid, shall also prepare, or cause to be prepared, other Books in which every Leaf shall be divided or distinguished into two Columns; and upon the innermofl of those two Columns there shall be printed sixty thousand Tickets, and upon the outermost of the said two Columns there shall be printed sixty thousand Tickets; all of which shall be of equal Length and Breadth, as near as may be; which two Columns in the said Book shall be joined by some Flourish or Device, through which the outermost Tickets may be cut off indentwise; and that eighteen thousand one hundred and eighty-nine Tickets, Part of those to be contained in the outermost Columns of the Books last mentioned, shall be, and be called, the Fortunate Tickets, to which Benefits shall belong, as is herein after mentioned; and the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them, or such of them as shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, shall cause the said Fortunate Tickets to be written upon, or otherwise expressed, as well in Figures as in Words at Length, in Manner following; that is to say, upon Two of them ieverally, twenty thousand Pounds Principal Money; upon every one of Three of them severally, ten tl.-\>ufand Pounds Principal Money; upon every one of Four of them feveraHy, five thousand Pounds Principal Money; upon every one of Five of them severally, two thousand Pounds Principal Money; upon every one of Nine of them severally, one thousand Pounds Principal Money; upon every one of Twelve of them severally, five hundred Pounds Principal Money; upon every one of Fifty of them severally, one hundred Pounds Principal Money; upon every one of one Hundred of them severally, fifty Pounds Principal Money; and upon ^ery one of eighteen Thousand of them severally, eighteen. Pounds Principal Money: Which Principal Sums so to be written, or otherwise expressed upon the said Fortunate Tickets, together with ten thousand Pounds principal Money, to be allowed to the Owner of the first: drawm Ticket, on the fifteenth Day of the Drawing of the said Lottery; twenty thousand Pounds Principal Money to be allowed to the Ow'ner of the first drawn Ticket on the twenty-first l)ay of the Drawing of the said Lottery; twenty thousand Pounds Principal Money to be allowed to the Owner of the first drawn Ticket on the thirty-second Day of the Drawing of the said Lottery; and one thousand Pounds principal Money to be allowed to the Owner of the first drawn Ticket on the fortieth Day of the Drawing of the said Lottery; will amount in the Whole to the principal Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds: Which Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds only, after deducting out of the said Sum of seven hundred and one thousand, two hundred and fifty Pounds, the Sum of two hundred and one thousand, two hundred and fifty Pounds for the Benefit of the Publick, is to be paid at the Bank of England to the Proprietors of the said Fortunate Tickets* in proportion to their respective Interests therein, in such Manner as is appointed by this Act: And the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them who shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, shall cause all the said Tickets contained in the outermost Columns of the said last mentioned Books to be inThe presence of the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them which shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, and in the Presence of such Contributors or Adventurers as will then be there, to be carefully rolled up and fastened with Thread or Silk, and carefully cut out indentwise through the said Flourish or Device, into another Box to be prepared for this Purpose, and to be marked with the Letter (2?); w'hich Box shall be put into another strong Box, and locked up with seven different Locks and Keys, to be kept by as many of the said Managers and Directors, and sealed up with their Seals, or the Seals of some of them, until these Tickets shall also be drawn in the Manner and Form herein after mentioned; and that the whole Business of rolling up and cutting off, and putting into the said Boxes the said Tickets, and locking up and sealing the said Boxes, shall be performed by the said Managers and Directors, or such of them as aforesaid, ' before the last six Days immediately preceding the Day by this Act appointed for the Drawing of the said Lottery: And to the End every Person concerned may be well assured that the Counterpart of the same Number, with his or her Ticket, is put into the Box marked wdth the Letter (y/), from whence the same may be draw?n, and that other Matters are done , as hereby directed, some publick Notification in Print shall be given of the precise Time or Times of putting - the said Tickets into the said Boxes, to the End that such Adventurers as may be minded to see the same done, may be present at the doing thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That on or before the third Day of March one thousand eight hundred and tw'O, the said Managers and Directors shall cause the said several Boxes, with all the Tickets therein, to be brought into some convenient Hall or Place, within the City of London, whereof due Notice shall be published

6 ia

63

A.D. 1801. 4i* GEORGII III. ( .)C. 27.

in the London Gazette fourteen Days at least before the said third Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, so that the same may be there, and placed on a Table provided for that Purpose, at such Hour of the Day as the said Managers and Directors mall fix and appoint, not earlier than nine of the Clock in the Forenoon of the same Day; and shall then and there severally attend this Service, and cause the two Boxes containing the said Tickets to be severally taken out of the other two Boxes in which they shall have been locked up; and the Tickets or Lots in the respective innermost Boxes being, in the Presence of the said Managers and Directors, or such of them as shall be then present, ai d of such Adventurers as will be there for the Satisfaction of themselves, well (haken and mingled in each Box distinctly, some one indifferent and fit Person to be appointed and directed by the said Managers and Diie ciors, or the major Part of them, or such of them as shall be then present, shall takeout and draw one Ticket from the Box where the said numbered Tickets shall be as aforesaid put, and one other indifferent and fit Person, to be appointed and directed in like Manner, shall take out a Ticket or Lot from the Box where the said eighteen thousand one hundred and eighty-nine fortunate, and forty-one thousand eight hundred and eleven blank Tickets shall be promiscuously put as aforesaid; and immediately both the Tickets so drawn shall be opened, and the Number as well of the fortunate as of the blank Ticket shall be named aloud; and if the Ticket taken or drawn from the Box containing the fortunate and blank Lots shall appear to be a Blank, then the numbered Ticket so drawn with the said Blank at the same Time drawn, shall both be put upon one File; and if the Ticket so drawn or taken from the Bo* containing the fortunate and blank Lots shall appear to be one of the fortunate Tickets, then the Principal Sum written upon such fortunate Ticket whatsoever it be, shall be entered by a Clerk, which the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them, as aforesaid, shall employ and oversee for this purpose, into a Book to be kept for entering the Numbers coming up with the said fortunate Tickets, and the Principal Sums wheneunto they shall be entitled respectively, and two of the said Managers and Directors shall set their Names as Witnesses to such Entries; and the said fortunate and numbered Tickets so drawn together shall be put upon another File; and so the said Drawing of the Tickets shall continue, by taking one Ticket at a Time out of each Box, and with opening, naming aloud, and filing the fame, and by entering the fortunate Lots in such Method as is before mentioned, until the whole Number of eighteen thousand one hundred and eighty-nine fortunate Tickets shall be completely drawn: And as the same cannot be performed in one day's Time, the said Managers and Directors shall cause the Boxes to be locked up and sealed in Manner as aforesaid, every Day by two of the Clock, and adjourn till the next Day, and so from Day to Day, and every Day, except Sundays, Thanksgiving and Faff Days, and then open the fame; and the said Managers and Directors shall and may shorten the Time of continuing to draw the said Tickets, and lessen the Number of the said Tickets to be so drawn on each Day of Drawing, as they, or the major Part of them, shall in their Discretion think necessary, and shall proceed therein, till the said whole Number of eighteen thousand one hundred and eighty-nine fortunate Tickets shall be completely drawn as aforesaid, and afterwards the said numbered Tickets so drawn, with the fortunate Tickets drawn against the fame, shall be and remain in a strong Box locked up as aforesaid and under the Custody of the said Managers and Directors, until they shall take them out to examine, adjust, and settle the Property thereof.

XI. 1 And to the End, the Fortunate may know, whether absent or present, to what a Degree they have been so, ' be it eaa&ed, That the said Managers and Directors shall, on each Day of Drawing, as soon as conveniently may be after the said Drawing is over, cause to be printed and pubKfiied the Number of the Tickets drawn on that Day against each fortunate Ticket, and the Principal Sum written on the fame; and shall also, as soon after as conveniently may be, cause to be printed and published complete Numerical Lists of all the Tickets, as well of the Fortunate as blank Tickets which shall be drawn on each Day; and if any Contention or Dispute shall arise in the adjusting the Property of the said fortunate Tickets, it shall be wholly in the Judgment of the major Part of the said Managers and Directors to determine to whom it doth or ought to belong: And if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, any Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders, made forth by virtue of this present Act, or any former Act made for establishing any Lottery or Lotteries, or alter any Number, Figure or Word therein, or knowingly utter, vend, barter, or dil- -pose of*, any such false, altered, forged, or counterfeited Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders, or shall bring any such forged or counterfeited Ticket, Certificate or Order, or any such Ticket, Certificate or Order, the Number whereof, or any Figure or Word therein, shall have been altered, (knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, ) to the said Managers and Directors, or any of them* or to the Cashier or Cashiers, or Accountant General of the Bank of England for the Time being, or to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, with a fraudulent Intention $ or shall willingly aid, abet, aSift, hire, or command, any Person or Persons to commit any such Offence or Offence sa saforesaid, then, and in every such Case, all and every such Person or Persons being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy: And the said Managers and Directors, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorized, required, and empowered, to cause any Person or Persons bringing or uttering such forged or counterfeited Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates as aforesaid, or aiding, abetting, alibiing, hiring, or commanding, any Person or Persons therein, to be apprehended, and to commit him, her, or them, to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, or to the common Gaol of the County or Place where such Person or Persons shall be so apprehended, to be proceeded against for the said Felony according to Law.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid, ok be a'ding, abetting, assisting, hiring, or commanding any Person or Persons therein, shall afterwards, (being out of Prison, ) discover any one or more Person or Persons, who already have or hereafter shall commit, or be aiding, abetting, or concerned in, any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid, (b as such Ferfoa or Persons so discovered be lawfully convicted of the same, such Discoverer shall have, and is hereby

entitled

Method to bs

observed in drawing, h'c.

Number of the Fortunate Tickets and the Sums shall be printed.

Dispute* shall be adjusted by the Managers.

Forging Tickets* Scc.Felony without Clergy.

Offenders (r.ot inPrifon) ditto* vering Persons guilty, shall receive a Paruoo, and 5c/. Reward.

64

C. 27.

41° GEORGII III. ( U'.) A.D. 1801.

entitled to his Majesty* tnoft gracious Pardon for such his or her Offences; and moreover shall be entitled to a Reward of fifty round* of lawful Money of Great Britain, for every such Offender so convicted; to be paid out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, or any o+her the Aida or Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for Great Britain, immediately upon such Conviction as aforesaid.

Such Felonies

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Attainder for any of the Offences afor*»

dull not wort said shall make or work any Corruption of Blood, Loss of Dower, or Disherison of Heirs.

Corruption of Blood.

Managers shall

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That every Person that shall be appointed as aforesaid to be fount. be a Manager and Director for putting this Act in Execution, before his acting in such Commission, (except the

administering the Oath immediately herein after mentioned, ) shall take the Oath following; (that is to say, ) Tht Oath. 4 T A.B. as a Manager and Director of the Lottery to be drawn in pursuance of an Act of Parliament made

*in the forty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign, do swear, That I will faithfully execute the Trull reposed in me; and that I will not use any indirect Art or Means, or permit or direct any Person to use any indirect Art or Means, to obtain a Prize or fortunate Lot therein, for mryself or any other Person whatsoever; and that I will do the utmost of my Endeavours to prevent any undue or finifler Practice to be done by any Person whatsoever; and that I will, to the bell of my Judgment, declare to whom any Prize, Lot, or Ticket, of

Right does belong, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act.*

Which said Oath shall and may be administered by any two or more of the other Managers and Dire stors.

Cashier may receive the Sum* subscribed; giving a Note for the fame; which shall en-title the Bearer to a Ticket for every n/, 13l. paid.

After July 10, ttfoi, the Cashier may deliver Tickets nut exceeding in Value half of the Sum actually sub-Itribed;

and shall give Receipts for the Residue of such Sums after Value of the Tickets so delivered.

Contributors not making good their Payments within the Times limited,

/hall forfeit their Deposits,

and the Tickets shall be returned to the Managers, tfc.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Cashier or Cashier*, having given Security as aforesaid, to receive from the said Contributors' or Adventurers, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, the Monica to be by them respectively paid on account of the said Lottery, at one entire Payment, or in such Proportions and Manner as aforesaid; and the said Cashier or Cashiers shall give a Note or Receipt, under his or their Hand or Hands, for the Sum or Sums to be paid; and shall be obliged thereby, and by this Act, to give the Bearer of every such Note or Receipt a Ticket or Tickets, of the extreme Column of the three Columns Book or Books aforesaid, for every eleven Pounds thirteen Shillings and Nine-pence so contributed, paid, or answered, as soon as such Contributor or Contributors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, shall have paid and answered to the said Cashier or Cashiers, the Whole of his, her, or their Consideration Money; to be paid in full for such Ticket or Tickets; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That at any Time or Times after the tenth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, and after such Contributor or Contributors shall have advanced and paid to the said Cashier or Cashiers, in pursuance of this Act, such Proportions of his, her, or their Consideration Money as are herein before required to be paid and advanced on or before the said. tenth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, and shall not have made any Default in such Payments, nor hereafter shall make any Default in the Payment of the remaining Part of such Consideration Money so to be paid in full for such Ticket or Tickets at the respective Times appointed for the Payment thereof, it shall and may be lawful for such Cashier or Cashiers, upon the Production and Deposit by aay such Contributor or Contributors of his, her, or their Receipt or Receipts for the Sums so paid from Time to Time, to cut out of the said Three Cohimns Book or Books in the said extreme Columns thereof, and to deliver to the Person or Persons so contributing as aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, any Number of such Tickets which shall be required in Proportion to the Sums actually advanced and paid in Part to the said Cashier or Cashiers as aforesaid, so that the Number of such Tickets to be delivered to such Contributor or Contributors, at any Time or Times before the Payment of his, her, or their Consideration Money in full for the said Tickets shall not in the Whole exceed in Value one Half of the Sums so actually paid and advanced by such Contributor or Contributors, each Ticket to be valued at the full Sum of eleven Pounds thirteen Shillings and Nine-pence; and the said Cashier or Cashiere is and are hereby required and directed, upon the Delivery of such*Ticket or Tickets from Time to Time, to give another Note or Receipt, under his or their Hand or Hands, for the Residue of the Money so paid and advanced in Part as aforesaid, after deducting the Sum of eleven Pounds thirteen Shillings and Nine-pence for each and every Ticket so delivered, and which Note or Receipt shall also specify the Number of Tickets fb from Time to Time delivered, and the respective Sums so paid as aforesaid; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVII. Provided also, That m case any such Contributor or Adventurer as aforesaid, who shall have advanced and paid down to such Cashier or Cashiers a Proportion of his, her, or their Consideration Money, towards the said Lottery, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, do not advance and pay unto such Cashier or Cashiers the remaining Part of his, her, or their Consideration Money, fb to be paid in full for such Ticket or Tickets, on or before the Times for paying thereof as aforesaid; that then, and in every such Case, every such Contributor or Adventurer shall forfeit ana lose to his Majesty, for the Use of the Publick, the Proportion of his, her, or their Purchase-Money, which he, she, or they shall have so paid down as aforesaid towards the Lottery, except such Part thereof as shall have been returned in Tickets before such. Default made; and in such Case no other or further Ticket or Tickets shall be delivered out, by the said Cashier or (iaftiiers, to such Contributor or Contributors, Adventurer or Adventurers, making such Default, but the Ticket and Tickets which should have been delivered to them respectively, had they paid the full Money for the fkme< shall be returned or delivered to the said Managers and Directors, by the said Cashier or Cashiers, together with the other Tickets (if any) in the outermost Column of the Book and Books first herein mentioned and directed to be prepared, which shall not have been disposed of as aforesaid; and such Ticket f nd Tickets, upon and for which such Defaults of Payments shall have been made as aforesaid, shall be delivered into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, with other the said uadisposed Tickets, (if any, ) there

to

C. 27- 4i" GEORGII III. A.D. i?oi.

to be retained and kept ai Caffi, and to be issued, fold, and disposed of, for the Purposes and in the Manner herein-before directed and appointed with respect to the said undisposed Tickets; and the said Contributor and Contributors, Adventurer and Adventurers, making such Default, shall not have or receive, or be entitled to have or receive, any Benefit or Advantage for or in respect of the Money which he, she, or they, shall have paid for or towards the Purchase of such Ticket or Tickets except as to such Ticket or Tickets which shall have been delivered to him, her, or them, before such Default made $ any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwirii (landing.

XVIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That out of the Monies to arise by the Contributions to the said Lottery, or out of any other the Aids or Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, for Great BrU tain, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred and one, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to reward the said Managers and Directors, and the Clerks and Officers to be employed by and under them, and any other Officers and Persons that shall and may be any ways employed in this Affair, for their Labour and Pains, and to discharge such incident Expences as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall, from Time to Time, think fit and reasonable in that Behalf; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, that the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, as aforesaid, to be paid for and in respect ot all the said fortunate Tickets, shall be, and is hereby charged upon, and shall be issued and paid out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred and one, in Manner herein-before mentioned, and shall be paid upon Demand, by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in Money without any Deduction whatsoever, to the respective Proprietors of such fortunate Tickets, on the second Day of August one thousand eight hundred and two, or as soon thereafter as Certificates can be made out for ascertaining, in Manner herein after mentioned, the Sums to be paid upon the said Tickets; which Tickets, after the Drawing of the said Lottery is completed and ended, shall be exchanged for Certificates, to be signed by such of the said Managers and Directors as shall be appointed for that Purpose.

XX. And to the End that all and every the Payments upon the fortunate Tickets may be more easily ascertained, settled, and adjusted, for the Persons who shall become entitled thereuntb; be it further enacted, That such of the said Managers and Directors, as any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall appoint to take hi the said fortunate Tickets, and deliver out the said Certificates for and in lieu-thereof, shall, as soon as may be, give Notice by Advertisement, to be printed and published in Manner a3 they shall think fit, of the Days and Times for taking in the said fortunate Tickets, and delivering out of the said Certificates for and in lieu of the same; and every Certificate shall be numbered in course, according to the bringing the Tickets to the Managers and Directors so to be appointed for exchanging the fame; to which Purpose such Managers and Directors shall enter, or cause to be entered, in a Book or Books to be by them kept for that Purpose, the Name of the Person who shall bring any such fortunate Ticket or Tickets to be exchanged for such Certificate or Certificates, and the Number or Numbers of the fortunate Ticket or Tickets, which shall be so brought, the Value in Money payable thereupon, and the Day of the Month, and the Year of our Lord, when the same was so brought, which Book and Books shall lie open in the Office to be appointed for taking in the said Tickets to be exchanged for such Certificates, for all Persons concerned to peruse; all which Certificates shall be signed by the Managers and Directore so to be appointed, or the major Part of them, and be directed to the chief Caftiier or Cafluers of the Bank of England.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That out of the Monies arising from the Contributions towards Tailing the said Sum of seven hundred and one thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, or out of any of the Aids or Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred and one, or out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall have Power to discharge all such incident Charges, not hereby otherwise provided for, as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable; and also to settle and appoint such Allowances as shall be thought proper for the Service, Pains, and.Labour of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and any other Person or Persons, torTeceiving, paying, and accounting for, the said Contributions, and for performing the Trust hereby reposed in him or them; all which Allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the Service, Pains, and Labour of any Officer or Officers of the said. Governor and Company shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatso'ever, shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects for receiving or paying the said Contribution ^ionics, or any of them, or for airy Receipts concerning the same, or for imiing the Money payable in respect of the said fortunate Tickets, upon Pain that any Officer or Person offending, by taking or demanding any such Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to the Party aggrieved, with full Costs of Suit; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of lfis Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, or any more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person to attend at the Place of drawing the Tickets in the said Lottery, for the Purpose of taking down the Numbers of the Tickets as the same shall be drawn, or the Benefits to belong to the fame, unless such Person shall be employed as a Clerk for that Purpose by the said Managers and Directors, or unless such Person shall be licensed so to do by three or

41 Geo. III. (U.K.) K wore

65

Conrnfitioneit of the Treasury may reward the Managers, &c., as they thali think tit.

The 500, 0001

for the Payment of the fortunate Tirkets charged ort the Supplies granted this Set-fion

and shall be paid to the Proprietors M ithout any Deduction on Aug. 2, 1802, Ac*

Managers Ihaft give Notice of the Times for exchanging Tic. kets for Certificates.

Certificates shall be numbered, &c.

amTsigned, &c.

Commissioners of the Treasury empowered to defray the incidental Expences attending the Execution of this Act.

No Fee shall be taken for receiving or paying Contribution-monies, for Receipts, &c. on Penalty of 20l.

No Person (halt take down the Numbers of the Tickets at the Time of Drawing, unless em*

-C. 2 7.

41° GEORGII III. A.D. 180r,

Joved as a more t^f Commissioner for the Time being for managing the Dutiei on damped Vellum, Parchment, and

Civrk by the Paper, by Writing under their Hands and Seals.

Manner*, or licensed so to do.

Vrrf:n? k> li-Cenied shall ro-feive from the StampOtfircNu-moriral ftxiks which shall he damped on very Lc.it*.

C immissionert shall g ant such licence-, only on Account of licensed Lottery 4) tfices.

Unlicensed Per-i uns taking down pr publishing the lumbers of Ticket* drawn. Sec. ftujl forfeit 5l.

On Complaint, the Magistrate* London may grant Warrants for apprehending Offenders. Persons in the actual Commis-Jton of such Offence may be apprehended by wny Per ton, and parried before a Magistrate, who may commit the Oifender if Penalty be not paid.

'Informers and C'onftables entitled to Penalties.

Persons sura-monedas Wit-a\fcf?es not appearing, &c. shall forfeit 50l.

Form of Con-viAioai.

Penalty may be

initiated10

Halt

XXIV. And be it farther enacted, That every Person who shall be licensed by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties to attend for the Purpose aforesaid, shall be entitled to receive from the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or their Officers, on paying a reasonable Price for the fame, proper Numerical Books, containing the Numbers of the sixty thousand Tickets in the said Lottery, in Arithmetical Prugression as aforesaid, every of which Books shall exceed in Length twenty-one Inches, and in Breadth seventeeti Inches, and shall he bound in (tiff Milled Boards, and shall be stamped and marked on ever)' Leaf thereof by a proper Stamp or Mark, to be provided and used for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, and by no other Person or Persons whatever; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have Power and Authority to grant such Licences to such Persons, who shall be duly licensed to keep Lottery Offices, and to such other Persons acting on Account of such Offices respectively, as the said Commissioners shall approve, and to none other; and if any Person present at the Drawing of the said Lottery (not being duly authorised or licensed in Manner aforesaid, ) shall, at such Time and Place, take or set down in Writing the Number or Numbers of any Ticket or Tickets, when or after the same shall be drawn, or any Figures dr Marks to denote the fame, or shall make or begin to make any Register or List in Writing of the Numbers of any Tickets, which shall have been drawn on the Day of making or beginning to make, or of carrying on such Register or Lift, or shall have in his Custody or Possession, at such Time and Place as aforesaid, any printed or written Register or Lift of the Numbers of the Tickets in the said Lottery, or of any Part thereof, whether drawn or undrawn, with any Marks, Letters, Figures or Numbers thereon, marking or denoting the Order or Time of drawing any such Tickets drawn on the same Day, or the Benefits to which any such Tickets may be entitled by virtue of this Act; or if any Person or Persons whatever shall publish, or cause to be published, during the Hours of drawing the said Lottery, any List, Register, or Slip, containing the Number or Numbers of any Ticket or Tickets, drawn on the Day of publishing the fame, or any Marks, Letters, or Figures, to denote the fame, or shall publifti, or cause or procure to be published, any List or Register of Tickets, wherein the Numbers of any Tickets, or any Marks, Letters or Figures, shall be placed to denote the Time of Day, or Order in which any Tickets shall be drawn, and with Intent to denote the fame, every such Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Mayor or any of the Aldermen of London, for the Time being, upon Complaint made upon Oath, or solemn Affirmation, of any Offence committed against this Adlf in any of the Particulars before-mentioned, whereby such pecuniary Penalty as aforesaid may become forfeited, to issue his Warrant for apprehending such Offender; and if any Person or Persons shall be found or discovered, at the Time and Place of Drawing as aforesaid, in the actual Commission of any such Offence, it shall and may be lawful for any Person whatever to apprehend on the Spot the Person or Persons so offending, and to convey, or cause to be conveyed, before one of the Magistrates aforesaid, the Person or Persons so apprehended, to be proceeded against in such Manner as is herein directed; and when any Person or Persons shall be apprehended, or brought before any of the Magistrates aforesaid for any such Offence, it shall and may be lawful for such Magistrate to proceed to examine into the Circumstances of the Case; and, upon due Proof upon Oath, or solemn Affirmation, of any such Offence committed against this Act, to give Judgment or Sentence accordingly, and where the Party accused shall be convicted of such Offence, and such Penalty shall not be immediately paid, to commit such Offender to Prison for any Space of Time not exceeding fourteen Days, nor less than five Days, Without Bail or Mainprize, and without Appeal, or until such Penalty shall be satisfied; and every such Penalty, when paid upon Conviction, shall be applied to the Use of the Informer or Informers, or Person or Persons apprehending or bringing such Offender or Offenders before such Magistrate, and the Constable or Constables concerned in apprehending or securing such Offender or Offenders, in Rich Proportions as such Magistrate shall diredfc.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses, to give Evidence before such Magistrate, touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor or of the Person or Persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Magistrate before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, or appearing shall refuse to give Evidence, that then, every such Person shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be levied and paid in such Manner, and by such Means, as is herein-before directed as to other Penalties.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Magistrate before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made opt in the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect, (mutaiis mutandis); that is to say,

4 TJ E it remembered, That on at A.B. of

1 was duly convicted before me

1 of having committed an Offence against the Form of an Act of Parliament made in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by Lottery; for which Offence I do adjudge that the said A.B. hath forfeited the Sum of

to be distributed in Manner following (that is to say) \bere set out the Proportions directed to be paid by the

Magistrate]. Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year first above written.'

Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Magistrate, where he shall see Cause, to mitigate and kfiea any such Penalty as he shall think fit, (reasonable Costs and Charges of t^e Officers and

Informers

A.D. 1801. 4f GEORGII III. (U.K.) C. 2f.

V

Informer* is well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the fame, being always allowed over and above fuel* mitigated Penalty, } and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalty to lcfc than a Moiety of the Penalty incurred over and above the said Costs and Charges, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstand*-tog; and no such Conviction shall be removeable by Certiorari into any Court whatever.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for managing the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall not be required to grant a Licence for felling and dealing in Lottery Tickets in the Lottery authorized by this Act, or in any Lottery which hath been or shall be established by any Act of the present Session of Parliament for the Service of Ireland, to any Persons or Person whatever, unless it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that such Persons or Person are or is of good Character and Reputation, and of sufficient Ability to answer the Penally contained in the Bond required by I^aur for securing a due Performance of the several Regulations and Provisions respecting Lottery Office Keepers, and unless such Persons or Person shall, previous to the Time of receiving such Licence, produce and deliver to the said Commissioners a Certificate in Writing, under the Hand of the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties, certifying that such Persons or Person have or hath deposited in his hands fifty whole undrawn Tickets of and belonging to each such Lottery respectively established as aforesaid, and that the same have been divided into Shares in the Manner allowed by Law; or shall enter into such Security as is herein after mentioned, conditioned for the depositing, at the Times, and in the Manner to be prescribed by the said Commissioners, fifty whole undrawa Tickets for each Lottery so established as aforesaid, to be divided into such Shares as are by Law allowed*

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person to whom any Licence shall be granted, shall perfo-aally appear before the said Commissioners, or such Persons or Person as they shall appoint, and shall then and there, jointly or severally, as the Case may require, give Security by Bond in the Manner prescribed by an Act, passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for licensing Lottery Office Keepers; and that the Condition of every such Bond shall be, that if the Persons or Person so to be licensed shall, duripg the Term of such Licence, well and truly conform to and observe all the Regulations and Provisions of the several Acts made in the Parliament of this Kingdom concerning Lotteries, and shall not offend again It the fame; and (in case the Tickets belonging to the Lottery established by this Act, or to the Lottery established or to be established for the Service of Ireland for the present Year, shall not at the Time of applying for such Licence, be issued to the respective Contributors, so that such Persons or Person shall not then be enabled to deposit fifty whole undrawn Tickets for each such Lottery in the Manner before mentioned, then the further Condition of such Bond shall be) that if such Persons or Person shall deposit with the said Commissioners, nr such Persons or Person as they shall appoint, and divide into Shares fifty whole undrawn Tickets in the Lottery estabiished by this Act, and also fifty other Whole undrawn Tickets in the Lottery established or to be established for the Service of Ireland, by such Space of Time, not less than the Spate of forty Days, before the first Day of drawing such Lotteries respectively, as the said Commissioners shall pre-foribe, then such Bond shall be void, or otherwise to be and remain in full Force and Effect: And the said Comrr.ifik>ners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to take such Bond, and to an-Da thereto m Condition conformable to the Directions of this Act before-mentioned, and according to the Cxrcumftance* of the Case; and if, at the End of twelve Calendar Months, after the Expiration of the Time for which such Licence shall be granted, it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners that such Persons or Person so licensed have or hath, during the Term of such Licence, w ell and truly kept, fulfilled, and performed, the Condition of such Bond, such Commissioners may deliver up such Bond to be cancelled, or etberwife, at their Discretion, causeevery such Bond to be put in Suit.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Persons or Person, to whom a Licence shall be granted, shall neglect to deposit, or divide into shares fifty whole undrawn Tickets in each Lottery established as afore-inid, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Licence shall be void and of no Effect, and every Person aiding and dealing in any of the Matters therein contained after such Difault made, shall be adjudged and considered in every respect as an unlicensed Person; and it shall be lawful for the said Commis-&>ncrx, upon every such Default, to cause to be published the Names and Places of Abode, and the Description of the Offices of such Persons or Person making such Default as aforesaid, in tire I.on don Gazette, ard declare therein the Time when such Default was made, and such Forfeiture shall take place from the Time cf such Publication.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in Cases where a Licence granted to any Person or Persons under the Cud Ad of the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, is declared to be void upon Conviction or Pnofccution for any Offence against the said Act, then and in every such Case such Licence granted after the Commencement of this Act, shall, upon Conviction of or for any Offence against this Act, or against an Act, pafllrd is the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, an Act to render more effc3ual the Laws mow in being for supprcjffing unlawful Lotteries, also be void; and that in all Cases where any Person shall hr ^jrofecuted for any Offence against the said Acts of the twenty-second and twenty-seventh Years aforesaid, or either of them, or of this Act, whether upon such Bond as aforesaid, or for any Penalty whatever, or as a Rogue and Vagabond, and shall be duly condemned therein, the said Commissioners may, if they shall think fit, reiufe to grant to the Person so condemned, or to any other or others jointly with the Person so condemned, a Licence to keep a Lottery Office at any Time in future during the Continuance of this Act.

Cap. i. Licences may be refused lo p

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Persons or Person to whom a Licence shall have been or ft all te granted, shall continue, or cause to be continued, the Words Licensed to deal in Lottery Tickets* or any of them, or any Word* to that or the like Effect, written or expressed upon or near the Door, or in the Front of hw, ber, or their Office or Shop, or other Place for felling of Tickets, after such Licence shall have expired, #r shall be declared to be void, and due Notice thereof in Writing to remove the same ffiaH have been given to

?crfcfi* or Person, or left at such Office, Shop, or other Place, of such Persons or Person, under the Hands

K a

67

Conv: Ai*nt not removeable.

Commissionrr* shall not be inquired to rra»t a Licence for dealing in Lottory Ticket# unless it shall appear that lUo Party is ot good Character and able to answer the Penalty required by Law, and shall have deposited a certain Numbif 9f Ticket#, #c.

Pci font to whom

Licences are granted shall give Bond agree* ably to 12 Gee*

3. cap. 47.

Conditions of Bonds.

At the End ot 12 Months after Expiration of Licences, the Commissioners may give up Bends or put them in Suit.

Licences of Persons neglecting todt poiit, or divide into Shares 50 Tickets shall be \ oid; and the Names of Defaulters shall be published i 1 the Gaiette, 5cc.

In Cases where Licences under 22 Geo. 3. cap. 47, am declated void,

>n such Case s Li* e ice.< granted alter the Commencement of this Act lh.il! be v< i*I to OtleiKc* against this Act, or 27 Geo. c; tom convi<sted«

rfons conti-nt in>; on their Houses the Words J.tern/.tl NV. alter Expiration of their

Lk.iice, shallforfc c xoL

68

Executors, Sec. may be authorized to carry on Business for the Residue of the Term of Li-ceaces.

No Tickets shall be divided into any other Shares than Halves, Quarters, Eighths, and Sixteenths, on Penalty of 50l. Application and Recovery of Penalties under this

A a.

Form of Shares of Tickets.

Persons counterfeiting Shares, Jcc. guilty of [singlej Felony.

Persons preparing or having in their Custody any Register or Lift of Tickets but as herein particularised;

C. 27. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

of any three or more of the said Commissioners; or if any Persons or Person, not having been licensed as aforesaid, shall cause to be written or expressed in Manner aforesaid, the like Words, or Words to the like Effect, upon or near the Door, or on the Front of any House, Shop, or Place, in their respective Occupations, or shall continue or cause the same to be continued thereon, after such Notice in Writing shall have been given to such Persons or Person, or left at such House, Shop, or Place, as last aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, all and every such Persons or Person so offending shall, for every Day in which such Words or any of them shall be continued, written, or expressed, as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death of any Person so licensed as aforesaid during the Term of such Licence, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, in their Discretion, to authorize and empower the Executors or Administrators, or the Wife, Child, or-Heir at Law, of such deceased Person, being entitled unto the Possession of the Premises in which the Business respecting such Lotteries was to be carried on under such Licence, or any of them, to continue such Business for the Residue of the Term for which such Licence was granted, in the same Premises, without taking out a new Licence, during the Residue of the said Term, but subject to and under the same Terms, Conditions, Rules, and Regulations, as such Licence was ori illy granted, and also subject to a Renewal of the Bond for the securing the due Performance thereof by such Representatives respectively during the Residue of such Term.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatever shall fell any Share or Shares of any Ticket or Tickets in the Lottery ettabiished by virtue of this Act, or in the Lottery established, or to be established for the Service of Ireland by virtue of any Act for the present Year, in any other Proportion or Proportions than one Half, Quarter, Eighth, or sixteenth Part or Share only; or shall publish any Proposal or Scheme for felling any Share or Shares, or any Agreement or Agreements for any Share or Shares of any Ticket or Tickets, in the said respective Lotteries in any other Proportion than one Half, Quarter, Eighth, or sixteenth Part or Share, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty Pounds; and one Moiety of all pecuniary Penalties inflicted by this Act (except where other Provisions shall be specially prescribed by this Act), shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her, or them, who shall inform or fuc for the fame; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westrmnjlcri in which no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Share or Agreement for a Share of every Ticket so to be divided, shall be written or printed according to the following Form:

LOTTERY for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one;

(or as the Share may he.)

The Bearer of this Share will be entitled to one Part of such beneficial Chance as shall

belong to the Ticket numbered as above, in the Lottery to be drawn in Great Britain by virtue of an Act passed in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.'

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly-aft or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, any Share or Shares, or any Agreement or Agreements for any Share or Shares of any Ticket or Tickets divided by virtue of this Act; or alter any Number, Figure, Word, or Stamp, therein or thereon; or shall knowingly utter, vend, barter, or dispose of, any such forged, counterfeited, or altered, Share or Shares, or Agreement or Agreements for any Share or Shares of any Ticket or Tickets, with Intent to defraud any Person or Persons, then, and in every such Case, all and every Person and Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and suffer as a Felon.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to prepare, make, fell, or buy, or to have in his or their Custody or Possession, or in his or their House, Shop, Office, or Place, any Register or Lift of the Numbers of the Tickets in the Lottery established by this Act, other than complete numerical Registers or Lifts containing all the Tickets in the said Lottery, in Books of the respective Dimensions before mentioned and provided by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, and stamped in the Manner herein directed, and sold to such Person or Persons, or such numerical Lift of dach Day's Drawing, as shall be printed and published under the Authority of this Act by the said Managers and Directors, or true and full Copies of such numerical Lists of each Day's Drawing; nor for any Person or Persons to set down in any such Register or Lift, or in any Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, the Order, Course, or Priority, of drawing any such Ticket or Tickets, other than such Tickets to which Benefits shall belong, under this Act, as being first drawn on any Day; nor to set down in any such Register or Lift, or in any Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, the Time in which any such Ticket shall be drawn on any Day, or in any Manner whatever, either by writing or minting, to mark, denote, or signify, the Order, Course, Priority, or Time of Day of drawing any such Ticket or Tickets, except such Benefit Tickets as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall knowingly keep or have in his or their Custody or Possession, or in his, her, or their House, Shop, Office, or PLce, any Register or

Lift

by

69

A.D. 1801. 4i« GEORGII III. (U.K.) C. 27.

Lift containing any Numbers of the Tickets in the said Lottery, other than such damped numerical Regiften or Lifts, or such numerical Lists of each Day's Drawing, or Copies thereof as aforesaid, or shall set down m any Register or Lift whatever, either by writing or printing, the Order, Course, Priority, or Time of Day of drawing any such Ticket or Tickets, other than such Tickets to which Benefits shall belong as aforesaid, or any Marks, Figures, or Numbers, to mark, denote, or signify the Order, Course, Priority, or Time of Day of such drawing, except as aforesaid; or shall, by himself or themselves, or by any other or others, keep any Office, Shop, or Place, for examining, or in such Office, Shop, or Place, shall examine, or cause to be examined, for any other Person or Persons, or permit any other Person or Persons to examine any Number or Numbers of such Tickets, whether with or without Reward, by any Register or Lift of Tickets whatever, other than such numerical Register or Lift, or such numerical Lift of each Day's Drawing, or a true Copy thereof as aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons keeping or causing to be kept any Register or Lift of Tickets in the said Lottery, shall give, or cause or procure to be given, any Notice or Information whatever to any Person or Persons of the Order, Course, Priority, or Time of Day of drawing any Ticket or Tickets, except such Benefit Tickets as aforesaid, every such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds; and every such Register or Lift or Copy as aforesaid, made contrary to the Directions of this Act, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Constable or other Officer of the Pe&ce, or by any Person employed by the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties in the Execution of the several Acts for the Regulation of Lotteries, and upon Production thereof before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, such Justice or Justices shall and may, by his or their Order in writing, direct the same to be detained, or otherwise if he or they shall think fit, to be destroyed.

XXXVII. And be it farther enacted, That upon Complaint or Information made upon Oath, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace of any Offence committed against the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty in any House or Place within the Jurisdiction ef any such Justice or Justices, whereby any of the Offenders may be liable to Punishment as Rogvies and Vagabonds, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or Justices before whom such Oath shall be taken, if he or they shall judge it reasonable, by special Warrant under his or their respective Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower any Person or Persons, by Day or by Night, (but if in the Night-time, then in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, who are hereby required to be aiding or assisting therein, ) to break open the Doors, or any Part of such House or Place where such Offence shall have been committed, and to enter into such Houfo or Place, and to seize and apprehend all such Offenders, and all other Persons who shall be discovered in such House or Place, and who shall have knowingly aided or assisted, or been anyways concerned with any such Offender or Offenders in committing such Offence, and to convey them before any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, wherein such Person shall be so apprehended, to be dealt with according to Law as aforesaid; and all Persons who shall be discovered in such House or Place, knowingly aiding, assisting, or any ways concerned with such Offender or Offenders in carrying on any Tianf-actions respecting the said Lotteries, or either of them, contrary to the express Provisions of the said Act of the twehty-seventh Year aforesaid, shall be deemed RogUes and Vagabonds, and punishable in like Manner as is directed by the said Act or this Act, as the Case may require; and it shall and may be lawful for the Officer or Officers having the Execution of such Warrant, and all other Persons acting in his or their Aid or Assistance, to flop, arrest, and detain, all and even' the Person and Persons so discovered in such House or Place, and to convey the said Person and Persons before such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall forcibly obstruct, oppose, molest, or hinder, any such Officer or Officers, or others acting in his or their Aid or Assistance, in the due Execution of their Duty, or in the due entering into such House or Place, or in the seizing, detaining, or conveying before such Justice or Justices, any such Offenders or other Persons as aforesaid, every such Person so obstructing, opposing, molesting, or hindering as aforesaid, shall be deemed an Offender against Law and the publick Peace, and the Court before whom any such Offender shall be tried and convicted mall and may order such Offender to be fined, imprisoned, and publickly whipped, as in their Discretion shall be thought fit; and all Persons, although not discovered in such House or Place as aforesaid, who shall employ or cause to be employed any Person or Persons in carrying on any of the Transactlons aforesaid* or in aiding or assisting any such Ferlon or Persons, shall be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds, and shall be punishable in Eke Manner as is directed by the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year aforesaid,

shall he deemed Rogue:

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever to commence or enter, or cause or procure to be commenced or entered, or filed or prosecuted, any Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Information, for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties inflictrd by any of the Laws touching or concerning Lotteries, or by this Act, unkfs the same be commenced, entered, filed, and prosecuted, in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney-General, in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster if such Offence shall be committed in England, or in the Name of his Majesty's Advocate General in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland', if such Offence shall be committed in Scotland; and if any Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Information, shall be commenced or entered in any other Person's Name or Names than as is before mentioned, the fame, and all Proceedings thereupon had, are hereby declared to be null and void, and the said Court or Courts, where such Proceedings shall be so commenced, shall cause the same to be staved; any Law, Custom, or Ullage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Writ or Process shall issue against any Person or Persons for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties for any Offence committed against any Law touching or concerning Lotteries, or against this Act, and the Amount of the Penalty or Penalties sued for shall not be inserted therein, or no Affidavit thereof shall be made or filed according to the Directions of the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Plaintiff or Informer shall not proceed

or keeping any Phee for examining Tickets, by any other than such Lift, See. shall forfeit 30l.

OnCoropIafnrotY Oath of Offences against 27 G. 3. c. 1, whereby the Parties may be liable to Punishment as Rogues, Justices may authorize Persons to break openHouses, &c.

Persons discovered in such Houses concerned in carrying on illegal Transactions, shall be punished as Rogues, and may be arrested, &c. Penalty on Persons obstructing Officers,

Persons employing or aiding others to carry on such illegal Tran factions, and Vagabonds. Manner in which Actions for Penalties shall be commenced.

Where the Amount of Penalties sued for is -u.t wireit< ii io the Writs, the DetVinla .1 fh .Il not be an diets.

70 C. 27, 28.

41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

but served with a Copy of the Piocef*, &c.

Offender* adjudged Rogues ind Va^alxmiU may be corn-milled.

Proceedings not

removeable by Certiorari.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

ceed to anfcft the Body or Bodies of the Defendant or Defendants, but it shall be lawful to serve him or them personally with a Copy of the Process, and to proceed therein in like Manner as in Cases of Debt, where the Cause of Action does not amount to the Sum of ten Pounds in the said Courts respectively; any Thing in the said lift mentioned Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be brought before any two or more Justices of the Peace, and shall be convicted of any Offence or Offences against the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or of this Act, by such Justices, whereby such Person shall be adjudged a Rogue and a Vagaborid, then, and in every such Case, such Justices shall, and they are hereby required to order such Offender to be sent to the House of Correction, there to remain for any Space of Time, not exceeding fi; c Calen*. dar Months, nor less than one Calendar Month, and until the final Period of the Drawing of the Lottery, in respect whereof such Offence shall be committed; and such Proceedings shall not be subject to appeal, nor shall be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or otherwise, into any Court whatever.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Sheriff's Officer or other Person or Persons shall be sued, mo* lefled, or prosecuted, for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Sheriff's Officer or other Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence, in his, her, or their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendant or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or be nonsuited, or Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer, or otherwise; then such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Colls awarded to him, her, or them, against any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Timber, Sugar, Raisins, and Pepper, imported into, and on Lead exported from, Great Britain.

[30th April 1801.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 TT7L, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Bri- W tain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences, and making a permanent Addition to the publick Revenue, have freely and voluotarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several Duties of Customs after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from ana after the first Day of May one thousand eight hundred and one, there JJiall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout Great Britain, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, fu ready Money, without any Discount whatever, upon the Importation into that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, from Foreign Parts, of the several and respective Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, enumerated and described in the Schedule arid Table hereunto annexed, marked (A), and also upon the Exportation from Great Britain to foreign Parts, of the Goods, Ware3, and Merchandize, described in the Schedule and Table hereunto annexed, marked (B), the several Duties of Custbtns as the same are respectively inserted and set forth in Figures in the said Schedules and Tables hereunto annexed, respectively marked A.B., and so in that Proportion for any greater or lefftr Quantity; all which Duties shall be over and above all other Duties which are now due and payable, by Law, on any of the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize respectively.

After May r,

T^or, there Anil be piid in Gr. at B*i<ain on 1m-porrati-. n of the Goori> enumerated in Table

A, and nlf j on Expectation of titr Goods dc-frrilied in Table

B, hereunto annexed, the additional Duties therein reflectively inferred.

Duties on Sugar by 3S G. 3, c. 76. (See Sch ' tut A. and B. of that AH) repealed.

An additional Drawback of if. 10l. perCwt. shall be allowed on Exportation of the Sugar herein described

and an additional Drawback, of Jr. per Cwt. shall be all .iwed on the Exportation of refined Sugar in the Duties shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, §2."

III. 4 And whereas it is expedient that the Duties on the Importation of Sugar, imposed by an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, amongst other Things, for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties on Goods imported, should be repealed be it therefore enacted, that the said Duties, so far as the same relate to Sugtm imported, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed, save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof, which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, relating thereto, which mail have been incurred at any Time before the said first Day of May one thousand eight hundred and one.

IV. And be it further enacted, That for all refined Sugar-called Bastard, and ground or powdered Sugar, and refined Loaf Sugar broke in Pieces, and all Sugar called Candy, which shall be made from Sugar of the British Plantations, which shall have been imported into Great Britain after the first Day of May one thousand eight hundred and one, and on which the Duty by this Act imposed shall have been paid, there shall be allowed on Exportation to foreign Parts out of the said United Kingdom, of every hundred Weight thereof, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, within the Time limited by Law, to the Exporter thereof, a Drawback of one Shilling and Ten-pence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Sugars respectively, over and above all other Drawbacks or Bounties allowed for the same by Law, on and immediately before the first Day of May one thousand eight hundred and one.

V. And be it further enacted, That for all refined Sugar in the Loaf, the whole being Nett, which shall be made from Sugar of the Briti/lj Plantations which shall have been imported into Great Britain after the first Day of May one thousand eight hundred and one, and on which the Duty imposed by this Act shall have been paid, there shall be allowed on Exportation to foreign Parts out of - the said United Kingdom, of every hundred Weight thereof, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, within the Time limited by Law, to the Exporter thereof, a Drawback of three Shillings, and so in proportion for any greater or left Quantity of such Sugar,

A.D. 1801.

41° GEORGII III. (U.K.)

C. 28.

7i

over and above all other Drawbacks or Bounties allowed for the same by Law, on and immediately before the Imad# first Day of May one thousand eight hundred and one. v ^Sugar of

0 # the Br/nfli Plantations imported after May 1, 1801.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties of Customs granted by this Act, and the Drawbacks Duties and allowed, shall and may be respectively managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed, in such and the like Manner, and in and by any and either of the Ways, Means, or Methods, by which the Duties of Customs imposed, and the Drawbacks allowed on the like Goods, by an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, amongst other Things, for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed, except as far as the same have been altered by any Act passed subsequent to the passing of the said Act; and the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so by this Act respectively made chargeable with Duties of Customs, or entitled to Drawbacks on Exportation, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, and Forfeitures, to which the like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force, on and immediately before the first Day of May one thousand eight hundred and one, and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture, for any Offence whatever, committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, or relating thereto, and the fevem Qaufes, Powers, and Directions therein contained shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution for and in respect of the several Duties of Customs, and Drawbacks of Customs, hereby respectively charged and allowed, (as far as the same are applicable thereto, ) in as fall and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Clauses, Pro. v.tijfa. Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act

" Dories shall be paid into the Exchequer, and carried to the Consolidated Fund, §7."

" Application of the Duties. §8." [.As under §10, of c. 8, of this SJJkn.]

Act may be altered or respealed this Session. §9."

Drawbacks shall be paid and allowed according to 27 G. 3. c. 13. except where altered by any subsequent Act. Goods subject to the Regulations provided by Law before passing this Act, &c.

TABLE A.

GOODS IMPORTED.

T3EPPER having been warehoused on Importation* when taken out of such Warehouse in order - to be used in Great Britain, the lb, -

RAISINS of all Sorts, the Cwt, -

SUGAR, viz*.

- of the Produce of the British Plantations, the Cwt, - 1 10

- ' sold at the Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or any Sugar of the Produce or Manufacture of the East Indies, for every 100l. of the true and real Value thereof, according to the gross Price at which such Sugar shall have been publickly fold -

of any other Sort, except Sugar imported from any Part of the United States of America and warehoused, and Sugar of the Produce of any foreign Colony, Iff and, or Plantation, in America* imported directly from any such foreign Colony, Iff and, or Plantation, and warehoused under the Authority of the 39 Geo. III. cap. 95. the Cwt.

- any such Sugar having been so imported and warehoused, when taken out of such Warehouse, in order to be used in Great Britain, the Cwt, -

WOOD imported from any Part of Europe, viz1.

Anchor Stocks.

- imported in a 2?ri///&-built Ship, the Piece -

- in a foreign Ship, the Piece -

Duty. £, s, d.

- 6

- 1 10

- 1 10

TO

II

Balks, viz*

- under 5 Inches Square, and under 24 Feet in Length, imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 —

in a foreign Ship, the 120

- 11 9

12

- 5 Inches Square, and under 8 Inches Square, or if 24 Feet m Length or upwards

imported in a Brihjh-built Ship, the 120 -

in a foreign Ship, the 120 -

Batten Ends, viz1.

- under ft Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width*ftd not exceeding 2}

Inches in Thickness, imported in British-built Ship, the 120 -

- in a foreign Ship, the 120 -

- »under 8 Feet in Length, not above 7 laches in Width, and exceeding 2j

Inches in Thickness,

- 4 10

imported

C.

C. 2S

4i* GEORGII III. (A.D. 1801.

TABLE A.

WOOD, continued.

Batten Ends, [exceeding aj Inches in thickness,] continued.

imported in a British-b\n\t Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

- Battens, viz1.

- 8 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 20 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 2} Inches in Thickness, imported in a 2?r////2>-built Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

- exceeding 20 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, or if exceeding 2}

Inches in Thickness, imported in a British A>uilt Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

- Beech Plank, 2 Inches in Thickness or upwards,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet

- in a Foreign Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet

- ' >' Beech Quarters, viz1.

- under 5 Inches Square, and under 24 Feet in Length,

imported in a British-buftt Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

- 5 Inches Square, ana under 8 Inches Square, or if 24 Feqt in Length or upwards,

imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

m Boards, viz1.

- Beech Boards, under 2 Inches in Thickness, and under 15 Feet in Length,

imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

under 2 Inches in Thickness, and if 15 Feet in Length, or upwards, imported in a B?iti/hA)uilt Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

Clap Boards, not exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and under 8 Inches

square,

imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

- Linn Boards, or white Boards for Shoemakers, under Feet in Length, and

under 6 Inches in Thickness, imported in a British-buWt Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 — — ' —

- Feet in 1 .ength, or 6 Inches in Thickness,

imported in a British-buih Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

- Oak Boards, viz1.

- : ----- under 2 Inches in Thickness, and under 15 Feet in Length,

imported in a Briti/L-bui\t Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

under 2 Inches in Thickness, and if 15 Feet in Length, or upwards.

Duty £ J'

- 99

- 10 —

- 14

- i 5 —

4 10

5 —

- 11 9

- .12 —

- 98

- 10 —

- l9 4

- 7

- 7

- 14 6

- l5 —

9 —

10 —

- 19 1 —

1 18

2 —

- imported in a British-buWt Ship, the 120

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

Paling Boards, viz'.

1 — — hewed on one Side, and not exceeding 7 Feet in Length,

imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

hewed on one Side, and exceeding 7 feet in Length, imported in a British-b\nb Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

- Pipe Boards, viz1.

- above 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 8 Feet in Length, and under 8 Inches Square, imported in a Britishhbuilt Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

exceeding 8 Feet in Length, and under 8 Inches Square,

imported in a Britj/&b\iilt Ship, the 120 — — — 12 —

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 — — — .124

Wainjcot Boards, the Inch or Foot containing 12 Feet in Length and 1 Inch in Thickness, and so in proportion for any greater or Idler Length or Thickness,

7 imported

- 1 10 -4-

- 11 —

- 11 2

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III.

C. 28.

73

TABLE. A.

WOOD, continued.

- ' Wainscot Boards, continued.

imported in a British-built Ship

- in a Foreign Ship -

- Box Wood,

- imported in a Britjb-bu&l Ship, the Cwt, -

- in a Foreign Ship, the Cwt, -

Deal Ends, viz1.

- above 7 Inches in Width, being under 8 Feet in Length, and not exceeding

3$ Inches in Thickness, imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

in a Foreign Ship, the 120

Fire Wood,

Inches in Thickness, imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 —

in a Foreign Ship, the 120 —

imported in a British-built Ship, the Fathom, 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high

- in a Foreign Ship, the Fathom, 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high

Fir Quarterst viz*.

- under 5 Inches square, and under 24 Feet in Length,

imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

5 Inches square, and under 8 Inches square, or if 24 Feet in Length, or

upward^,

imported in a 2?n/j^&-built Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

1 Handspikes, viz'.

- under 7 Feet in Length,

imported in a British-buWt Ship, the 120 -

in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

- 7 Feet in Length, or upwards,

imported in a British-built S'

- in a F<

Knees of Oak, viz*.

Ship, the 120 in a Foreign Ship, the 12

120

under 5 Inches square, imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 — in a Foreign Ship, the 120 —

5 Inches square, and under 8 Inches square, imported in a British-built Ship, the 120

in a Foreign Ship, the 120 —

- 8 Inches square or upwards,

imported in a British-buWt Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet - in a Foreign Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet —

Lath Wood) viz*.

- in Pieces under 5 Feet in Length,

imported in a British-built Ship, the Fathom 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high

- in a Foreign Ship, tnc Fathom 6 Feet wide, and 6 Feet high

41 Geo. III. (U.K.)

£ /

- h

- 19 6

above 7 Inches in Width, being under 8 Feet in Length# and exceeding 3$

Inches in Thickness, imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

Deals, viz*.

- above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length and not above 20 Feet in

Length, and not exceeding 3$ Inches in Thickness (except Deals, not above

10 beet in Length and not exceeding Inch in Thickness), imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

-in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

- above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length, and not above 20 Feet ia

Length, and exceeding 3! Inches in Thickness, imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

--; — in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

- above 7 Inches in Width, exceeding 20 Feet in Length, and not exceeding Inches in Thickness,

imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 — — in a Foreign Ship, the 120

above 7 Inches in Width, exceeding 20 Feet in Length, and exceeding four

- 99

- 10 "

- 19 6

1 —

193

1 10 "'

2 18 6

3 —

3 5 6

3 7 —

6 11 --

6 14 —

- 1 —

- 1 1

- 11 9

- 12

193

1 10

- 2 5

- 2 6-

- 4 10

- 5 —

- 1 3

- 1 4

12 2

- 12 8

- 3 8

9

- 4 10

- 5

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (I

TABLE A.

WOOD, continued.

Lath Wood\ continued.

- l iu Pieces 5 Feet in Length or upwards,

imported in a British-built, Ship, the Fhthom 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high — in a Foreign Ship, the Fathom 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high

- Majlsy viz'.

- »-> 6 Inches in Diameter, and under 8 Inches,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Mast -

- in a Foreign Ship, the Mail —

- 8 Inches in Diameter, and under r 2 Inches,

imported in a British-built Ship, the Mail -

- in a foreign Ship, the Mail -

- 12 Inches in Diameter or upwards,

imported in a British-built Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet —

- in a Foreign Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet —

y.i 't Oaky viz1.

Plank 2 Inches in Thickness, or upwards, imported in a British-built Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet -

in a foreign Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet —

Oarty imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 —

in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

C. 28.

Duty;

£*d,

- 7 3 -7 6

I

I

I

3

3

3

6

8

9

ORve Woody imported in a British-built Ship, the Too, containing 20 CW.

- in a foreign Ship, the Ton, containing 20 Cwt*

Round Woody viz'.

under 8 Inches Square, and under 6 Feet in Length, imported in a 2fcr*7//£-built Ship, the 120 -

- in a foreign Ship, the 120 -

1 under 8 Inches Square, and if 6 Feet in Length, or upwards

imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 130 -

- Spars, jrizr.

--under 22 Feet in Length, and under 14 Inches in Diameter exclusive of the Bark,

imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

r — 22 Feet in Length, or upwards, and under Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark,

imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

- 4 Inches in Diameter, and under six Inches, exclusive of the Bark,

imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

in a Foreign Ship, the 120 Spokes for Wheels, viz.

- not exceeding 2 Feet in Length, imported in a British-built Ship,

the 1000 -

- 1 in a Foreign Ship, the toooo -

exceeding 2 Feet in Length, f

imported in a British-bwHt Ship, the 1000 -

in a foreign Ship, the 1000 -

Stave*, viz*.

" not exceeding 36 Inches in Length, not above 3, Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, imported in a 2?r*£#-built Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

above 36 Inches in Length and not exceeding 50 Inches in length, not above 3 Inches inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, imported in a British-buWt Ship, the 120 -

- in a foreign Ship, the 120 -

- above 50 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 60 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness. and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, imported in a British-b\i\\t Ship, the 120* -

in a foreign Ship, the 120 -

- above 60 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 72 Inches in Length, not above-3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, imported in a British-bm\t Ship, the j 20 -

- in a foreign Ship, the 120 -

- 74

- 7 6

- 14 8

- 15 — 142 r 5 2

- 4 10

- 98

- 10 —

2 5 2 6

4 — 4

8 10

9 4

7

7 6

14 6

15 —

- 1 6

- 1

- 2 11

- 3 10

- 4 —

C.a8, 29

A.D. 1801.

75

41° GEORGII III. (U.K.)

TABLE A,

WOOD, continued. Duty.

- Staves, continued. £, /. d,

- above 72 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,

imported in a Z?r*7^Z>-built Ship, the 120 - 6 8

- in a foreign Ship, the 120 -

- TIMBER, viz'.

- Fir Timber, viz*.

- 8 Inches square or upwards, (except Fir Timber of the Growth of Norway,

imported directly lrom thence, not exceeding 10 Inches square) imported in a BritJh-b\xAt Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet — 3 8

- in a foreign Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet — "39

1 — Oab Timber,

--8 Inches square or upwards,

imported in a British Asmh Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet — 3 8

- in a Foreign Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet — — 39

of all Sorts, not being particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, being 8 Inches square or upwards, imported in a BritJh-buWt Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet — 3 8

- in a foreign Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet — — 39

Users, viz*.

--under 5 Inches square, and under 24 Feet in Length,

imported in a i?r/7^&-built Ship, the 120 — — 119

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 - 1 a —

- 5 Inches square, and under 8 Inches square, or if 24 Feet in Length, or upwards,

imported in a British-hxAit Ship, the 120 — — — 193

- in a foreign Ship, the 120 — — — 1 10 —

- Wainscot Logs, being 8 Inches square, or upwards,

- imported in a British-bvult Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet — 3 8

- in a Foreign Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet .39

TABLE B.

GOODS EXPORTED.

LEAD exported, the Ton containing twenty Hundred Weight ——

Duty.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for granting an additional Duty on English Spirits imported into Schtland, and for allowing, until forty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Distillation of Spirits in Scotland, from Melasses or Sugar, ' at a lower Rate of Duty.

[30th April, 1801.]

WHEREAS in order to render the Duty on English Spirits imported into Scotland more equal to the

Duty on Spirits made in that Part of the Kingdom, it is expedient to impose an additional Duty om the fanner : May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King* most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, leried, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the following additional Rate of Duty of Excise; that is to say, For and upon every Gallon English Wine Measure of Spirits, of a Strength, not exceeding that of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in proportion for any higher Degree of Strength, which shall be made or distilled in England, and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, there shall be paid by the Importer thereof, before the Landing thereof, one Shilling.

ported into Scotland, an additional D«ity shall be paid

II. And be it further enacted, That the Duty by this Act imposed shall be raised, collected, recovered, secured, and paid, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, and under such Management, and under and subject to such Rules, Regulations, Conditions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and with such Power of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and with and subject to such Powers, and to the like Rules and DU reftions, and by such Methods, and in such Manner and Form, as is directed or prescribed by an Act passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties of Excise on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for altering, amending, and continuing certain Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland; and that all the Provilitms, Penalties, Forfeitures, Powers, Authorities, Rules, and Directions, mentioned and contained in the said Act, shall be praftiftd and put in Execution, for the raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, or paying the said Duty by this Act imposed, as fully and ef^ fectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were particularly repeated and enacted in this Act.

" Duties shall be paid into the Exchequer, and carried to the Consolidated Fund. ( 3.*'

L 2 IV. c And

For Spirits not exceeding one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, which ill nil he diddled in England, and ira-of is. per Gallon.

The Duty shall be levied in the Manner prescribed by 39 5c 40G. 3. c. 7J*

76 C. 29>3°»31>32* 4iC GEORGII III. ( .) A.D. 1801.

IV. 4 And whereas it is expedient to further allow, for a limited Time, the Diflillution of Spirits in Scotland from Melasses or Sugar, at a reduced Rate of Duty be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the first Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, until forty Days after the Commencement of the next ScQion of Parliament, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon each and every Gallon English Wine Measure (and so in proportion for any iefs Quantity or Measure) of the cubical Content or Capacity of each add every Still, (including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the Steam can afoend, and until the Top of the Head shall turn downwards, and form an Angle of forty-fire Degrees, ) which shall be used or employed for making or diililling of low Wines or Spirits for Consumption in Scotland, from Mtlalfes or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, in any Part or Place in Scotland, a Sum at and after the yearly Rate of three hundred and sixteen Pounds; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anyways notwithstanding.

From July 1,

iSoi, until forty D.iys after the Cumaunce-ment oi the nest Session, there shall be paid for each Gallon of the cubical Content of every Still used in Scotland for dif-ttlling Spirits for Home Con-fumptiun from Mebfles or Sugar, tcc. 316l. per Annum; which shall be a Licence Duty for one Year, at the Rate of 4, 050Gallons of Spirits of the Strength of one to t n over Hy-drometer Proot for each Gallon of the Contents of such Still; and for the Spirits exceeding that Quantity,

V*. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, until forty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, when the before mentioned Licence Duty, at and after the yearly Rate of three hundred and sixteen Pounds, shall be paid for or upon each Gallon of the Content or Capacity of a Still, in any Part or Place in Scotland, such Duty shall be held to be the Licence Duty on the Spirits manufactured in such Still for and during one Year from and after the Day on which such Licence shall commence and take Effect, at the Rate of four thousand and fifty Gallons, and no more, English Wine Measure of Spirits, of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, for each Gallon Content of such Still; and for every Gallon of Spirits at the Strength aforesaid, which during the said Period shall be found to exceed the above mentioned Proportion, there shall be charged and paid, on Demand, by the Distiller who shall make or produce the fame, the Sum of three Shillings, over and above all other Duties, on Pain of forfeiting for every Neglect or Refusal to make such Payment, the Sum of ten Shillings for each and every Gallon of fuel) surplus Spirits, an additional Duty shall be paid of 3*. per Gallon, on Penalty»of IO*. per Gallon.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to revive and continue, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and AJfetnblies.

[30th April, 1801.]

WHEREAS an Act w'as made in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assembltes, which said Act was to continue in force for three Years from the Day of passing thereof, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be revived and continued be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, and all the Provisions therein contained, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be revived, and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue in full Force and Effect until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it enacted, That none of the Provisions of the said recited Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to revive and continue, until the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for shorteningy until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and oney the Time of keeping in St cep y for Malting, Barley damaged by Rain in the last Harvtjl.

[30th April, 1801.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for shorteningy until 4 V\ the twenty fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, the Time of keeping in Steep, for Malting,

Barley damaged by Rain in the late Harvest: And whereas the said Act has been found useful and beneficial,

and it is expedient that the same should be revived and continued for a limited Time be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by ana with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall, from and immediately after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, be revived and continued, and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue in full Force and Effect, from and immediately after the said twTenty-iifth Day of March until the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several Sums of Money for defraying the Charge of certain permanent Services in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

[30th April, 1801.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament aTembled, being desirous of making a permanent Provision for the several Services herein after mentioned, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant to your Majesty*

the several Sums of Money herein after expressed; and do therefore most'humbly beseech your Majesty that it

36 G. 3. c. 3.

Revived, and continued until six Weeks alter the Commencement of the next Session.

Not to extend tq Ireland.

41 G. 3,

c. 6.

Revived /' from March 25) and continued till July 5, 1601.

41° GEORGII III. (U.K.)

C. 32.

77

may be enabled and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, from Time to Tinfie, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hands, to order and direct any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding, in one Year, the Sums herein after mentioned, to be issued and paid for the several Purposes herein after txprelTed; that

k to lay.

The Treasury of Ireland may from Time to Time if-sue for the Purposes herein expressed, not exceeding, in one Year, the bums hciein-after mentioned, vis*

To the French Conformill Mini Her of the United Congregation at St. Patrick*

Dublin -

To the French Minister at Cork -

To the French Minister at Ihfburn -

To the French Minister at Dundalk -

To the French Minister at Innifhannon -

To the French Minister at Waterford -

To the French Minister at Portarlington^-

To the Minister of the Congregation of German Protestants in Dublin To the Ordinary or Chaplain to the new Prison in Dublin for visiting the Sick Prisoners in the several Prisons in Dublin -

To the Rector of the Parish of Saint Paul in Dublin for attending the Sick in the Barracks of Dublin -

To the Chaplain attending the Prisoners in the four Courts Marshalseain Dublin To the Chaplain of the Garrison of Charlemont -

To the Under Library Keeper of Marflfs Library at Saint Patrick's Dublin To the Vicar of Cqfllcnock> in lieu of Tithe and Glebe Land in the Phanix Park near Dublin -

To the Minifies of Saint fames's Parish Dublin for the like Purpose To the Vicar of Saint Andrew's Parish in Dublin in lieu of Minister's Money for Houses and Grounds where the Parliament House (lands

To the Rector of Saint Michan9$ Parish Dublin for Minister's Money for Houses where the Courts of Justice are built ->

To the Archbishop of Dublin for Proxies out of divers Churches belonging to the late Monalleries of Saint Thomas > Saint Mary, and Saint John of Jerusalem, in the See of Dublin

To the Bishop of Mer.th out of the Manor of Trim -

To the Dean and Chapter and Vicars Choral of Christ Church Dublin To the Physician attending the Sick in the New Pruon Dublin -

To the local Commissioners of the Lagan Navigation in lieu of a Duty on Beer and Ale formerly granted to them in certain Parts of the Dillridl of Lifbum

To be applied to pay Major General Vallancey, after the Rate of fifteen Shillings per Day, during the Time he shall be employed in the Military Survey of Ireland To the Clerk, Ulher, and Assistants in the Council Office in Dublin to make good their Loss of Emolument -

To the Lord Mayor and Citizens of Dublin

To the Provost and Fellows of Trinity College Dublin -

To the said Provost and Fellows for the Profcflor of the French and German Languages in the said College -

To the said Provost and Fellows for the Professor of the Spanish and Italian Languages in the said College -

To the Royal Irish Academy for Rent of an House -

To the Attendant on the Nautical Observatory - For Rent of Grounds near Carrickfergus Castle

To be applied in paying the necessary Allowances to certain Officers from Ireland attending during the Stlnon of Parliament in London, and to such other Officers as may be employed in preparing Proceedings, and attending to Business in Parliament relating to Ireland -

II. And be it enacted, That the said several Sums shall and may be issuing and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon, the Consolidated Fund of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, after payings or referring sufficient to pay, all such Sum and Sums of Money as hath er have been directed to be paid out of the f- ue* by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may be hereafter charged or chargeable upon the said Fund.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said several and respective Sums, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be paid and payable at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer out of the said Fund, pursuant to such Warrant or Warrants as shall be signed in that Behalf; and the Auditor of the said Receipt mall, and he is hereby enjoined

ENGLI ill. IRISH.

£ I. d. £ s. dm

13893 IJO 0 0

92 6 2 IOO 0 0

ss 7 81 60 0 0

55 7 81 60 0 0

55 7 81 60 0 0

46 3 1 I 50 0 0

46 3 1 5° 0 0

46 3 1 5o 0 0

1893 20 0 0

73 5 21 79 7 3f

48 10 10 52 18 2 {

39 1 6 i 42 6 7

27 13 iol| 3° 0 0

46 16 11'5° 15 0

11 I 6 i 12 0 0

37 !7 6 4i 0 7i

9 10 3 10 6 2

16 17 4 18 5 6

392 35 0

43 13 10 47 6 S

184 12 Si 200 ( 0 0

768 0 0 832 0 0

260 10 ii 282 4 Si

333 7 lOi 361 3 6|

73893 800 0 0

35816 11 38815 0

92 6 2 IOO 0 0

92 6 2 IOO 0 0

1073 6 116 13 0

48 16 10 52 18 2*

*4 18 71 16 3 6

200c > O 0 21663 4

The above Sums shall be payable out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland;

and the Auditor of the Exchequer shall pass Debentures for Payment.

7«

C-32, 33- .41° GEORGII III. A.D. 180r.

joined and required to make forth and pass Debentures from Time to Time, for paying the several Sums, which shall be payable by virtue of such Warrant or Warrants, and as the same shall from Time to Time become due and payable, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; which said Warrants and Debentures to be made forth and passed thereupon respectively, shall be sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the Time being, for the Payment of all or any of the Sums of Money herein expressed, or any Part thereof, to, for, or towards, the several Purposes herein mentioned, without any further or other Warrant or Warrants to be sued for, had, or obtained in that Behalf; and the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the Person or Persons, to whom the said Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, shall be payable, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment thereof 5 any Law, Cuilom, or Usage , lo the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act forTepealing certain Duties upon Tea imported into Ireland\ and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; land for granting additional Duties on Sugar and Coals imported into Ireland.

' [30th April) 1801.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great BriW tain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, being desirous of raisingj the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences tn Ireland, and of making a permanent Addition to the publick Revenue in that Part of the United Kingdom, have resolved, that the Duties on Teas imported into Ireland, which were granted by an Act of the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth Year of your Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting for one Tear, the several Duties therein mentioned, in lieu of all other Duties payable upon the Articles therein Jpecim fed, during the said Term; and for regulating the Trade between this Kingdom and his Majesty's Colonies; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and which were continued by an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom until and upon the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two; Should be repealed, and the Duties on Teas, herein after mentioned, Should be granted m lieu thereof; and do therefore beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Duties on Teas imported into Ireland, granted and continued by the said recited Acts, shall, from and after the Expiration of ten Days after the passing of this Act, be, and the same are hereby repealed; save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, collecting, paying, or accounting for any Arrears of the said Duties which may then have become payable, or to the recovering of any Penalty or Forfeiture which shall then have been incurred under and by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them.

II. And be it enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of ten Days from the passing of this Act, there shall be granted, raised, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, foi*and upon all Teas which from a'nd after the said ten days, shall be imported into Ireland, the Duties following; that is to say. For and upon all such Teas as shall have been purchased at any Sale or Sales of the East India Company in London, at a Price not exceeding two Shillings and Sixpence British per Pound Weight, a Duty of twenty Pounds per Centum on such Price; ana

for and upon all such Teas as shall nave been purchased as aforesaid, at a Price exceeding two Shillings and Six-

in London, a pence British per Pound Weight, a Duty of thirty-five Pounds per Centum on such Price.

Duty ad Valorem. [See pof, c. 75.

The Price shall

III. And be it enacted, That the Price aforesaid of all Teas imported into Ireland shall be inserted In the

in.Cockets, and shall be further ascertained by Reference to the Sale Books of the East India Company, according

Ifcertained by" to the Manner heretofore established in Ireland for that Purpose. the SaS&& [See J 7. of 1. A. 40 G. 3. c. 4.

From the same

IV. And be it enacted, That, from and after the Time aforesaid, there shall be granted, raised, collected, and Time there shall paid, unto his Majesty, for and upon all Muscovado and clayed Sugar which shall be imported into Ireland, ait additiona^Du11 additional Duty 61 two Shillings for every hundred Weight thereof, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds; ties on Sugars" and for and upon all refined Sugars of the Manufacture of Great Britain, which shall be imported directly from

herein describ- thence into Ireland, the several and respective additional Duties following; that is to say,

ed, imported into Ireland.

Duties onSugare For and upon all Sugar called Bafards, white, or ground, an additional Duty of two Shillings for every hun-refined in Great ch-ed Weight thereof, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds:

For and upon all Sugar called Lumps, an additional Duty of three Shillings and Nine-pence for every hundred Weight thereof, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds:

For and upon all Sugar called Single Loaf Sugar, an additional Duty of four Shillings for every hundred Weight thereof, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds:

For and upon all Sugar called Powder Loaf and Double Loaf Sugar, an additional Duty of four Shillings and Three-pence Halfpenny for every hundred Weight thereof, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds

For and upon all Sugar called Sugar Candy Brown, an additional Duty of three Shillings and Nine-pence for every hundred Weight thereof, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds

For anil upon all Sugar called Sugar Candy White, an additional Duty of four Shillings and Three-pence Halfpenny for every hundred Wright thereof, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds

And for and upon all Sugar refined of any other Sort, an additional Duty of four Shillings and Three-penc$ .Halfpenny for every hundred Weight thereof, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds:

And so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of the said Sugars:

And

'Duties on Tea* imported into Ireland, granted by Irish Act,

40 G. 3. c. 4. and continued by c. 17. of this .Settion of the United Kingdom,

repealed.

After ten Days from patting this Act, there shall be paid upon Teas imported into Ireland, purchased at the East India Sales

A.D. 180t. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.)

C. 33.34-

79

And for and upon all British Coala which shall be imported into Ireland, an additional Duty after the Rate of Additional Du-Ten-pence and fourteen-twentieth Parts of one Penny for every Ton thereof, containing twenty hundred Weight. ties on British

Coals imported into Ireland.

V. And be it enacted, That the several additional Duties hereby granted shall be paid over and above the several respective Duties now payable on the several Articles and Things on which the said additional Duties are paid over and granted; and all the said Duties shall be paid according to the Value of current Money in Ireland. the Duties

now-payable, and according- to Irish Currency.

VI. And be it enacted, That upon the Exportation from Ireland of the several Articles and Things on wMch On Exportation the Duties and additional Duties nereby granted are imposed, a Drawback of such Duties respectively shall be allowed in like Manner as a Drawback of the Duties now payable on the said Articles and Things respectively is allowed.

a Drawback of the Duties shall be allowed as of Duties now payable.

Duties shall bora ifed tec. according to Irish Act 4, 0. G. 3. c. 4.

VII. And be it enacted, That the several Duties hereby granted shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the like Manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions as are appointed and expressed in and by the said fir/l recited Act for raising, levying, collecting, and paying the several Duties thereby granted.

VIII. And be it enacted, That all Monies ari£ng from the Duties hereby granted, (the necessary Charges of Duties shall be

coUeding and paying the same being deducted, ) shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund. carried to the of Ireland. Consolidated

Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §9." Fund of Ireland*

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for granting Bounties on the Importation into Ireland of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, and Indian Com, and of Barley, Rye, Ghats, Indian Meal, and Wheaten Flour and Rice.

[30th April, 1801.]

WHEREAS It is expedient that Encouragement should be given for a limited Time, to the Importa-

tion into Ireland of Wheat, Barley, Rye, and Oats, and Indian Corn, and of Barley, Rye, Oats,

and Indian Meal, and of Wheaten Flour and Rice May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be traded, and be it enacted by the King's rnofl Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be paid and allowed upon all foreign Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, and Indian Com, and Meal of any such Corn or Grain, and upon all Wheaten Flour and Rice, imported or brought into Ireland before the first Day of Odoher one thousand eight hundred and oae, h Ships or Vessels of the United Kingdom, or in Ships or Vessels belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, however the same may be navigated, the several and respective Bounties heseia-after mentioned, and such Bounties shall be payable and paid upon the several Terms and Conditions hoetn-after respectively set forth as to each of such Articles.

II. And be it enacted, That the several and respective Bounties granted by this Act upon Wheat, Barley;

Rye, mad Oats, respectively, shall be regulated and paid according to the respective general Average Prices ascertained according to Law, which shall be published in the Dublin Gazette in the third Week after the Entry of the Wheat, Barley, Rye, and Oats, or any such Meal as aforesaid, upon which any Bounty shall be claimed.^virasc Pnt« Oder this Act. 7 , n DubIin

" xette, the third

W«ek after Entry.

III. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be paid and allowed on Bounties on every Quarter of foreign Wheat, weighing four hundred and twenty-four Pounds Weight Avoirdupois or upwards, which shall be imported into Ireland, \ a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the said Average Price of Wheat, published in the Dublin Gazette in the third Week after the Importation of such Wheat, shall be less fh»w one hundred Shillings British Currency per Quarter; on every Quarter of foreign Barley, weighing three and fifty-two Pounds Weight Avoirdupois or upwards, whichThall be imported as aforesaid, a Bounty

2aal to the Sum by which the Average Price of Barley in Dublin, published as aforesaid, shall be less than ty-two Shillings British Currency per Quarter 5 on every Quarter of foreign Rye, weighing four hundred and eight Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, which shall be imported as aforesaid, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the Average Price of Rye, published as aforesaid, shall be less than sixty-five Shillings British Currency per Quarter; on every Quarter of foreign Oats, weighing two hundred and sixty four Pounds Weight Avoirdupois or upwards, which shall be imported as aforesaid, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the Average Price of Oats, published*as aforesaid, shall be less than forty Shillings British Currency per Quarter.

IV. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be paid and allowed upon aH hirign Wheaten Flour, (other than and except American Flour, ) and upon all foreign Barley Meal, Rye Meal, sad Oat Meal, imported as aforesaid, such and the like Bounties in every Respect as are by this Ac\ before |iaated 00 foreign Wheat, Barley, Rye, and Oats respectively; and that for the Purpose of ascertaining and cRiasating such Bounties, two hundred and eighty Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of all foreign Flour, upon which any Bounty is payable under this Act, (other than and except American Flour as aforesaid, ) shall be ik i wrd equal to one Quarter of Wheat, and one hundred and ninety-six Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of such Ihtfcy Meal shall be deemed equal to one Quarter of Barley, and two hundred and twenty four Pounds Weight

i Avoirdupois

Bounty* shall be paid on Foreign Wheat, tec. imported into Irela nd before Od. I. 180U

Bounties /hall'be regulated*cording to the

Wheal, Barley*. Rye, and Oats*

Bounties on Wheaten Flour (except American, Sec §. 7.) Barley Meal, Rye Meal, and Oat Meat,

So

N'> Bounty shall be allowed un-1< Is the Art irks are brought to a Port where there is aCollc£lor, &r. Returns of Corn certified for the Bounty shall be entered separate. Bounty on Wheaton Flour imported from America, \J'c fojt c. 92, § i.]

Bounty on Indian Corn.

[ Quarter*fee pots, c. 92.]

2-J

'Bounty on Rice imported from America.

Boanty on Rice imported from the East Indies.

Ko Bounty shall be paid on American V7our, $: c. unless fithl within a limited Time, U c.

American Wheaten I'lour, &c. exempt from J mporte: s of W lienten Flour and Rice shall give 14 Days publick Notire of Salosand like Notice to the Commi (Turners of the Customs, See. and the Lord Lieutenant shall appoint an Officer to attend to certify the Prices, See.

Persons claiming Bounties shall make Proof on Oath that the

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) C. 34.

Avoirdupois of such Rye Meal shall be deemed equal to one Quarter of Rye, and one hundred and seventy-six

Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of Oat Meal shall be deemed equaT to one Quarter of Oats.

V. And be it enacted, That no Person shall be entitled to any Bounty allowed by this Act on any Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, or Rice, unless the same shall be imported or brought into some Port where there is a Collector of Customs, or into any other Port that shall be approved of by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, with the Advice of his Majesty's Privy Council of Ireland.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Register of Com Returns in DubTtn shall keep in a Book the Entries of all Returns of Corn or Grain that shall have been returned certified for the Purpose of Bounties being paid thereon under this Act, from all other Com returned to such Register.

VII. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where any Wheaten Flour imported into Ireland from America before the first Day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, being of the usual Quality of superfine Wheaten Flour, shall not, upon the first Sale thereof in Ireland, either by Auction or otherwise, as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the Time being, shall direct, produce the Sum of seventy Shillings British Currency per Barrel, containing one hundred and ninety-six Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, there shall be paid and allowed, upon every such Barrel, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Barrel of such Flour so fold shall be less than seventy Shillings British Currency, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity; and where any such Wheaten Flour as aforesaid, being of the Quality of fine Wheaten Flour, shall not, in such Sale as aforesaid, produce the Sum of sixty-eight Shillings British Currency per Barrel as aforesaid, there shall be paid and allowed, upon every such Barrel, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Barrel of such Flour so fold shall be less than sixty-eight Shillings British Currency, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

VIII. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where any Indian Com or Maize, weighing four hundred and eight Pounds Weight Avoirdupois per Quarter, shall not upon the first Sale thereof in Ireland, by publick Auction or otherwise as aforesaid, produce the Sum of fifty-five Shillings British Currency per Barrel, there shall be paid and allowed, upon every such Barrel, a Sum equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Barrel ;of such Indian Corn or Maize so fold shall be less than fifty-five Shillings British Currency: Provided always, That three hundred and sixty-four Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of Indian Meal shall be deemed equal to one Quarter of Indian Corn or Maize.

IX. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where any Rice imported into Ireland from America before the first Day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, shall not upon the first Sale thereof in Ireland, by publick Auction or otherwise as aforesaid, produce the Sum of thirty-five Shillings British Currency per Hundred Weight, there shall be paid and allowed, upon every Hundred Weight thereof, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Hundred Weight of such Rice so fold shall be less than thirty-five Shillings British Currency.

X. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where any Rice imported into Ireland\ in any Ship which shall have cleared out from any Port in the East Indies before the first Day of September one thousand eight hundred and one, shall not, upon the first Sale thereof in Ireland, by publick Auction or otherwise as aforesaid, made pursuant to the Regulations of this Act, produce the Sum of thirty-five Shillings British Currency per Hundred Weight, there shall be paid and allowed, upon every one hundred Weight of such Rice, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Hundred Weight of such Rice so fold shall be less tha* thirty-five Shillings.

XI. And be it enacted, That no Bounty shall be paid or payable under this Act, on any American Wheaten Flounor on any Rice or Indian Com or Meal, unless the same shall be sold in Ireland, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, within two Months after the Entry thereof at the Port of Importation, unless lsnger Time, under particular Circumstances, be allowed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and his Majesty's Privy Council of Ireland, for the Time being.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all American Wneaten Flour, and all Rice, Indian Com and Maize, sold at any publick Auction in Ireland, shall be exempted from any Duty payable on Sales by Auction. Au<5lion Duty.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Importer or Importers, or Person or Persons acting in his, her, or their Behalf, upon the Importation of any such Wheaten Flour and Rice, respectively, shall, within forty-two Days after the Importation thereof, give or cause to be given, Notice by publick Advertisement, fourteen Days at the least previous to the Day of Sale of such Wheaten Flour and Rice respectively, specifyine the Time and Place of Sale, and the Quantity intended to be sold, and shall also give or cause to be given a similar Notice in Writing, fourteen Days at the least previous to the Day of Sale of such Wheaten Flour and Rice respectively, to the Commissioners of the Customs, if in Dublin, or if not in Dublin, to the Collector of the Port into which the same shall have been imported; and the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, shall appoint foftie Officer or other Person to attend such Sale, in order that such Officer or other Person may certify to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and to the said Commissioners or Collector, the Prices at which such Wheaten Flour and Rice respectively shall be bona Jide publickly fold, and the Quantities thereof, together with the State and Condition of the Whole, according to the Certificate of the Persons who shall be appointed to inspect the same under the Authority of this Act.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before any Bounty shall be paid on any Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Indian Corn, or any Meal, or any Wheaten Flour or Rice, under the Regulations of this Act, the Person or Persons claiming Bounty thereon shall make Proof on Oath before the Collector or other Principal

4i* GEORGII III.

c. 34.

8l

pal Officer at the Port of Importation, or other Person authorised to administer Oaths in such Port, of the Day of the Sale of such Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Indian Corn, or Meal thereof, and that the Sale of such Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, and Indian Com and Maize, and Wheaten Flour and Rice respectively, was a fair and bona jide Sale, and that there was not any Fraud or Collusion in the Sale of such Articles respectively, for the Purpose of obtaining the Bounties thereon.

XV. And be it enacted, That the Bounty by this Act granted upon Rice imported into Ireland, from the Haw Bounty , n East In/liejy shall be paid to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Iml'ies, for the Purpose of being paid over by the said Company to such Importer or Importers of such Rice as shall be entitled thereto.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the said Bounties shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Ireland, and shall be paid out of any Monies in their Hands arising by any of the Duties or Revenues under their Management, to the respective Importeraor Consignees of such Wheat, Barley, Rye,

Oats, or Indian Com, or of such Meal or Wheaten Hour and Rice respectively: Provided always, That a w du* Entry be made with th^ proper Officers of the Port where such Articles shall be imported: and that the ilejan(j Collector of such Port do receive full a^d satisfactory Proof that the Articles for which any Bounty heroin al- Entry shall be lowed is claimed i3 wholly and entirely without Mixture of any other Corn or Grain; and that in Default thereof, made at the the said Bounties, or any of them, shall not be allowed or paid. Fort of Impor-

tation, and Proof given that the Articles are fre from Mixture.

XVII^ And be it enacted, ^hat before any JtVheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Indian Cornj, or Meal made of

Rice imported from the Halt Indies shall be paid.

Bounties shall be under the Management of til© Corouoilfioners of Customs in

fiie^ed by the Otl

Person s appointed by the L01 d Lieutenant &c.

Barley*, Rye, Oats, or Indian Com, or Wheat Flour or Rice imported into Ireland for Bounty, under the Regulations of this Act, shall be delivered out of the Charge of the proper Officer or Officers of the Port Othcers o'f the where the same shall be so imported or brought, such Articles respectively shall be carefully and attentively in- Customs and (pt&ed, examined, weighed and measured, and if the same are merchantable, certified and examined in Manner experienced in the Act mentioned; and such Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, and Indian Corn, and Maize, weighed by such Oiicer or Officers of the Port as the said Commissioners shall direct, and two indifferent and disinterested Per-/bni, experienced in the Nature of the Article to be so inspected and examined; which two Persons shall be fppobted for that Purpose by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, subject nevertheless to the Controul or Removal of any such Person or Persons in any such Port or Ports, by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor of Ireland for the Time being; which Persons shall, upon having viewed such Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, or Indian Com and Maize, and having weighed and reifured such Quantities or Proportions thereof, as they may think sufficient for ascertaining the Average Weight md Measure thereof, certify and declare, upon their corporal Oaths first administered in the Port of Dublin by some Person authorised by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, and in the Outport3 by the Collector, or erther Chief Officer of the Port where such Articles shall be imported (who are hereby authorised and required to administer the same), whether the said Articles respectively are or are not merchantable, and whether any such Wheaten Flour is fit for making Bread, and also the Wcignt of such Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, and Indian Com and Maize respectively; and such Persons shall grant such Certificates upon all Com, Grain, Flour, and Meal, that shall by them have been deemed merchantable, and in good Condition as aforesaid, within two Days after the same shall have been inspected by them as aforesaid; and if the same shall appear by such Certificate to be merchantable, and of the respective Weights and Measures required by this Act, where such Weights and Measures are in this Act specified, and such Wheaten Flour shall appear to be fit for making Bread, the Bounties respectively granted by this Act shall be paid and allowed thereon; but if the same shall " appear by such Certificate not to be merchantable, or such Wheaten Flour not lit for making Bread, no Bounty granted by this Act shall be allowed or paid thereon.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any such Person or Persons so appointed as aforesaid, shall have any Doubt as to the State and Condition of any such Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, or Indian Com or Maize, or any Meal.of any such Com as aforesaid, or of any Wheaten Flour, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons aforesaid, to taxe a Sample thereof, not exceeding a Bushel of any such Com, or a Peck of any such Meal or Wheaten Flour, upon Payment of the reasonable Value thereof, according to the last Average Price of such Article, for the Purpose of grinding any such Com into Flour or Meal, and making Bread thereof, or making Bread of any such Meal or Wheaten rlour, in order thereby to ascertain the State and Condition of the Came, and whether the same is fit for making Bread.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the said Persons so appointed by the Lord Lieutenant to inspect and examine the said Articles, shall from Time to Time be paid by an Order of the Commissioners of his M: ije(ly, s Customs in Ireland, or any three or more of them, out of any Monies in their Hands, arising by any of the Duties or Revenue* under their Management, the following Sums, by way of Recompence or Reward for their "Trouble in so inspecting, examining, and certifying, (that is to say, ) the Sum of one Penny per Quarter for all Corn or Grain, or two hundred and eighty Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of Rice, inspected and examined and certified by them as aforesaid, and so in proportion for any greater or left Quantity, and the Sum of one Penny fer Barrel of all Wheaten Flour inspected and examined and certified by them as aforesaid, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

XX. And whereas it may happen that Foreign Wheat, Barley, Rye, Ofcfi, and Indian Com and Maize,

imported into Ireland, may arrive heated and not in a merchantable State and Condition be it therefore enacted, That in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Owner or Consignee thereof, to deposit the fainr in some Warehouse to be approved of by the Collector, or other Principal Officer of the Port where such Corn or Grain shall be imported, under the Joint Locks of his Majesty and of such Owner or Configure; and the Officers of his Majesty's Customs in the Town or Port where any such Corn or Grain (h U1 & 41 Geo. 111. ({/ K»J M deposited*

Samples may be

taken in order to ascertain the Condition of the Articles.

Recompence to

be made to the Infyedtor*.

Fjirisn Wfcrai &c. arming not in a mcr-tlnnuh'e Sr it', may be -li'-used; a»d tutu aJ AnM bream* raturhu:-

u.

able, the Boun-Iki Hull be paid.

Vessels arriving at a Port whete the Bounty is not allowed, (/*<?

§ 5) may fail to one where it is.

Commissioners ol Cutioms may pay Bounties on Articles imported before 0<ft. 15, i8ot, on Proof of the Vei-fels having failed at such Times that they might, in the ordinary Course of Voyages, have arrived before

oa. 1.

Bounty on Rice imported in Vessels cleared out in the East Indies before Sept. 1, 1801,

deposited, shall at all seasonable Times in the Day Time permit the Owner or Consignee of such Corn or Grain, by his, her, or their Servants, to inspect, examine, and tCira such Corn or Grain, and take all proper Steps for restoring the same to a merchantable Condition; and the Owner or Consignee of all such Corn or Grain, that shall, after any such Case as aforesaid, become merchantable, and shall be certified as such in Manner by this Act dire<Eted, shall be entitled to the Bounties by this Act granted, in like Manner in every Respect as if the same had arrived in good and merchantable State, and such Bounty shall be payable and paid according to the Average Price published in the Dublin Gazette in the third Week after the Article upon which any such Bounty shall be claimed shall have been certified as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel has arrived or shall arrive at any Port in Ireland* where, according to the Regulations of this Act, the Bounty is not allowed, such Ship or Vessel shall and may lawfully depart from such Port, without Moledation or Hindrance, with the several Articles on board, and may carry the same to any other Port of Ireland at which the same may be entered for the Bounty, and there enter, land, and deliver the fame, subject nevertheless to all the Rules, Regulations, Conditions and Restrictions of this Act.

XXII. And be it enacted, That in case any of the said Articles herein enumerated and described shall be To imported or brought from any of the Ports or Places herein mentioned, into any of the respective Ports herein also enumerated, subsequent to the Time limited by this Act, but before the fifteenth Day or Q3ober one thousand eight hundred and one, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Ireland, to order the Bounty or Bounties respectively to be paid thereon, in like Manner as if the said Articles had been imported within the Time limited by this Act; provided Proof shall be made to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that the Ships or Vessels, on board of which respectively such Articles shall be so imported or brought, actually and Iona side set fail from such respective Ports or Places for Ireland within such Time as they might, in the ordinary Course of their Voyage, have arrived in Ireland before the said (ir(l Day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, and Proof shall also be given and Entry shall be made, and the Articles inspected and examined, and certified, in like Manner as is required by this Act, to authorize the Payment of Bounty on the said Articles imported within the Time limited by this Act: Provided always, That nothing in this Clause contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Rice imported into Ireland, in any Ship or Vessel that shall have cleared out from any Port in the East Indict before the fir A Day of September one thousand eight hundred and one, and that the Bounties by this Act granted on all such Rice shall be payable and paid upon all Rice imported in any such Ship or Vessel, in every Case where the Voyage shall have been performed according to the Regulations that shall have been entered into with the Court of Directors of the said Company in relped of such Voyage.

shall be paid when the Voyage shall have been performed, according to the Regulations of the Court of Directors.

Forfeitures may be recovered and applied as under Irish Act,

14 & 15 C.a. c. 8. or other I ri(h Excite Laws.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, inflicted by this Act, shall and may be sued for, recovered, and levied, in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities, as are prescribed, directed, and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland, in the fourteenth and fifteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Settling of the Excise or new Impojl upon his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted, or by any other Law or Laws relative to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise in Ireland, as fully and effectually to all Intents, Condrudions, and Purposes, as if the same were expressed in this Act, with like Remedy of Appeal to the Party or Parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved, as by the said Act, or any other Law or Laws relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise in 7r/-Jandj is provided.

u Limitation of Actions, three Months. General Issue. Treble Costs. §24." " Act may be altered or repealed this Session. $ 25."

Mutiny A A recited. [c. 11.

S 4b 4*0

Non-commit-.fionrd Officers and Soldieis, shall allow is. 4d. per Diem for Diet and Small Beer in Quarters in England j

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for encreasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[30/A April 1801.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, certain Rates are established in that

Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England9,the Dominion of Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, for the Payment of Innholders and others on whom Non-commissioned Officers and Private Soldiers are quartered and billeted, who shall be furnished with Diet and Small Beer at their Quarters; and an Option is given to such Innholders and others,

to fumish certain Articles gratis, in lieu of Diet

and Small Beer, at the Rates prescribed: And whereas the Occasion of marching and quartering of Troops has eocreased, and may continue, and the Rules prescribed for furnishing Soldiers with Necessaries are, in many

Indances, become, from the high price of Provisions, inadequate, and are productive of Distress to such Innholders and others May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Non-commissioned Officer and Private Soldier who shall be furnished with Diet and Small Beer within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, by the Innholders or other Persons on whom such Non-commissioned Officers or Private Soldiers shall be quartered and billeted by virtue of the said A6\, shall pay and allow for the same one Shilling and Fourpence per Diem and that the Accounts of the same shall be rendered, and Payment thereof made, in like Manner as is directed in the said Act now in force touching the former Rates of SeYenpence per Diem for the Cavalry, and Fivepence per Dkm for the Infantry*

A.D. 1801. 4i* GEORGII III. (

c-35-

83

and for Article* which have been fumifhcfl gratis in lieu thereof, one Halfpenny per Diem shall be allowed.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case an y Innholders or other Person* on whom any Non-commissioned Officer* or private Men shall be quartered within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, shall, by virtue of the said Option in the said Act, fumifli such Non-commissioned Officer* or Soldiers with the Articles therein mentioned, in lieu of furnishing Diet and Small Beer, at the Rates prescribed by this Act, such Innholders or other Persons on whom such Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers are quartered, and by whom the said Article* shall have been so supplied, shall receive, in Consideration thereof, one Halfpenny per Diem for each Non-commissioned Officer and Soldier, instead of furnishing the same gratis, as required by the said Act; which Sum of one Halfpenny per Diem shall be accounted for and paid in like Manner as is directed touching the Rate* aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Person within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, on whom any of the Horses belonging to his Majesty's Forces shall be quartered by virtue of the said Act, for Hay and Straw, shall be one Shilling and Twopence per Diem for each Horse, instead of Sixpence per Diem> as directed in the said Act.

IV. 4 And whereas the Provisions contained in the said recited Act, with respect to the Manner of dieting within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers on a March, or*employed in recruiting, and likewise the Recruits by them raised, have been productive of much Inconvenience, as well to the Troops as the Innholders; be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as relates to the Manner of furnohing Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers on a March, or employed in recruiting, and likewise the Recruits raised, with Diet or other Provision, be, and the same is hereby repealed.

or recruiting, repealed.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers shall be entitled to receive Regulation with their Diet and Small Beer from the Innholders or other Persons on whom they may be billeted, within the afortfa: d Parts of the United Kingdom, at the Rates herein-before prescribed, while on the March, as also on asd for the Day of their Arrival at the Place of their final Dcfiination, and on the two subsequent Days, unices either of the two subsequent Days shall be a Market Day in and for the Town or Place where such Officers or Soldiers shall be billeted, or within the Difiance of two Miles thereof, in which Case it shall and may be lawful for the Innholder, or other Person as aforesaid, to discontinue on and from such Market Day the Supply of Diet and Small Beer, and to furniffi in lieu thereof the Articles in the said recited Act specified, and at the Rate herein-before prescribed.

VI. Provided always, That if any Victualler or other Person liable by the said recited Act to have Soldier* billeted or quartered on him or her, shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier on the March, in lieu of furnishing in Kind, the Diet and Small Beer to which such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier is entitled under the said Act, every such Victualler or other Person may be proceeded against and fined in like Manner as if he or she had refused to furnish or allow according to the Direction of the said recited Act, the several Things respectively directed to be furnished to Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers To quartered or billeted on him or her as aforesaid.

VII. Provided also, That if any Regiment, Troop, Company, or Detachment, when on the March, shall be halted, either for a limited or indefinite Time, at any intermediate Place, the Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers belonging thereto shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from the Persons on whom they shall be billeted at such intermediate Place, for such Time only for which they would be erftitled to receive the Came after arriving at the Place of their final Destination, according to this Act.

Small Beer as after arming at their Destination:

VIII. Provided nevertheless, That whenever it shall happen that any Regiment, Troop, Company, or De- And if such iachraent, when on their March, shall be halted, and it shall appear by the Marching Orders, that it is not intended that such Regiment, Troop, Company, or Detachment, shall halt for any longer Time than one entire Day, after the Day of their Arrival at the Place of halting, and the Day after such A nival shall be such Market Day as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the Innholders or other Persons 611 whom the Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers shall be billeted, to discontinue, on such Market Day, the Supply of Diet and Small Beer to any such Officers or Soldiers; hut that all such Officers and Soldiers shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from such Innholders and other Persons aforesaid, upon such Market Day as aforesaid, at the Rates herein-before prescribed, in like Manner as they would have been entitled thereto if such Day had not been a Market Day; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Non-commissioned Officers and private Men employed in recruiting, and the Recruits by them raised, shall, while on the March, and for two Days after the Day of their Arrival at any Recruiting Station, be entitled to the same Benefits as are herein-before provided in regard to Troops upon the March; but no Recruit enlisted after the two Days subsequent to the Arrival of the Party at their Recruiting Station, shall be entitled to be supplied with Diet and Small Beer at the Rate herein-before prescribed, except at the Option of the Person on whom he shall be quartered: Provided also nevertheless, That in case any such Recruiting Party, with the Recruit* by them raised, shall remove from their Station, and after a Time shall return to the same Place, they, and the Recruits by them raised, so returning, shall not be again entitled to the Supply of Diet and Small Beer for such two Days as aforesaid, unless the Period between the Tunc of their Removal from such Place, and their Return thereto, shall have exceeded twenty-eight Days.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Rates of Subsistence directed to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on quartering Soldier* by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, shall be payable «mu the Commencement of this Act.

For Hv/rfes quartered, is. 2d. per Diem shall be paid for Hay and Straw.

So much of recited Act (fee §41) as relate* to Turn idling with Diet Non-comraiffioned Officers and Sol-dierson aMarch,

respetf to dieting Non-commis fioned Officers and Soldiers oil their Match.

Persons paying Money to Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers on the March, in lieu of furtiiftiing Diet and Small Beer, liable to be fined. When halted on a March, Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers shall be entitled to Diet and

Halting be only* for a Day after Arrival, and that be.nMarkeiDay, their Diet and Small Beer shall not be difeonn-nued.

Regulation* refj>e£ting Recruiting Parties and Recruits om their March.

Mi

Rate of Subsistence, under 39 and4oG. 3.C. 39. shall be payable

until Commencement of this Act.

84 C. 35, 36. 41° GEORGII III. (i .) A.D. 1801.

Continuance of Act till March5, 1801.

Act may be altered, &c. this Sdficm.

XL. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place from the Day of the passing thereof, and be in force until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand tight hundred and two; and that this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to prohibit for a limited Time, so as such Prohibition shall not endure beyond the Expiration of six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, and of all Provisions whatsoever; and to permit for such limited Time the Importation into Ireland of Com and Fiffi, and all Provisions whatsoever, without Payment of Duty; apd for indemnifying such Persons as have acted for the Service of the Publick, in advising or carrying into Execution certain Proclamations of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland.

[21st May 1801.]

Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, &c. may prohibit the Exportation of Irish or Foreign Wheat, &c. and permit the Importation of Foreign Com, Fish, or other Provisions, for a limited Time.

Persons exporting or importing such Corn or other A1 tides, contrary hereto, shall forfeit iool. besides the Forfeiture of the Com, &c. with the Vessel employed.

Entry of Corn, iec. imported shall be duly

made on Penalty of Forfeiture.

WHEREAS it is expedient that Power should be given in Manner herein mentioned, to prohibit the

Exportation of any Sort of Corn or Grain, or any Potatoes from Ireland\ and of all Provisions whatsoever, and to permit the Importation into Ireland of any Sort of Corn or Grain or Potatoes, and of any Kind of Fish, and all Provisions whatsoever, whenever Circumstances should so require; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, with the Advice of his Majesty's Privy Council of Ireland, to .prohibit generally, for a limited Time, the Exportation from Ireland (but so as such Prohibition shall not endure beyond the Expiration of six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament), of any Irish or Foreign Wheat, Rye, Barley, Beer, or Big, Pease, Beans, Oats, or any Meal or Flour, or Bread, Biscuit, or Malt made thereof, or any Indian Corn or Maize, or Meal or Flour made thereof, or any Potatoes or any Kind of Provisions whatsoever; and to permit generally the Importation into Ireland, for such limited Time as aforesaid, of any Foreign Corn or other Articles as aforesaid, or any Kind of Fish, or any Kind of Provisions whatsoever, in any British or Irish Ship or Vessel, or in any other Ship or Vessel belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whatever, without Payment of any Duty whatever \ and in like Manner to recal such Prohibition or Permission, either in Part or in the Whole, if Circumstances shall appear so to require; any Thing in any Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall export from Ireland, or shall load or lay on board any Ship or other Vessel, with Intent so to export, or if any Person shall import into Ireland, any Corn or other Articles as aforesaid, contrary to such Prohibition, or without the Permission of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice of his Majesty's Privy Council of Ireland, every Person so exporting or loading, or laying on board with Intent to export, and every Person so importing, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and all such Articles as aforesaid respectively, and the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be so exported or loaded, or laid on board with Intent to export, or in, which the same shall be so imported, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Revenue of Customs or Excise in Ireland.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That a due Entry be made with the proper Officers of the Port into which any such Com or other Articles, or Fish, shall be imported; and in Default thereof, the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of his Majest^ Customs or Excise.

Corn, &c. may be carried Coast-wife, according lo the Regulations appointed by the Lord Lieutenant, &c.

Proclamations by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, dated Oct. 28, iSco, and March 17, 1801, prohibiting the Exportation of Rice and Potatoes; and Proclamations dated Jan. 20, Feb. 17, and

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize the preventing of any Person from loading or laying on board in any Ship or Vessel, in order to be carried Coastwise, or from carrying Coastwise from any Part of Ireland to any other Part thereof, any Corn or other Articles as aforesaid, so that the same be so carried according to such Regulations and Restrictions, and -subject to such Securities and Conditions, as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the Time being, with the Advice of his Majesty's Privy Council of Ireland, shall direct and appoint.

Penalties and Forfeitures shall be levied and applied in the Manner directed by Irish Act 14 and 15 £. 2. 44 c. 8. or the Irish Excise Laws. $ 5."

VI. 4 And whereas the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, by a Proclamation on the twenty-eighth Day of October one thousand eight hundred, did, amongst other Things, prohibit the Exportation 6f any Rice or Potatoes to Foreign Parts from any Port in Ireland, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, or further Order to the contrary; and by a further Proclamation on the seventeenth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, did order and direct, that all and every the Prohibitions, Orders, and Directions contained in the said Proclamation should continue to be and have Effect until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one, or farther Order to the contrary: And whereas the said Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland by two other Proclamations on the twentieth Day of* 4 January and seventeenth Day of February one thousand eight hundred and one respectively, did charge and corrifmand all Customers, Collectors, or other Officers of or belonging to the Customs and Revenues, to admit to free Entry, discharged from all Manner of Duty whatever, into all and every the Ports of Ireland, all Rice, Indian

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K) C. 36, 37. 85:

Corn, and all Kind of Foreign Flour, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and March 17, iSoi, 4 one, or further Order to the contrary; and by a further Proclamation on the seventefcnth Day of March one jn

1 4 thousand eight hundred and one, did order and direct, that all and every the Orders and Directions contained in dian^orn^&cT 4 the said two lait-recited Proclamations should continue to be in Force and have Effect, until the twenty-fourth Duty free, reDay of June one thousand eight hundred and one, or further Order to the contrary; which Proclamations as to cited;

the Matters aforesaid, were for the Service of the Publick, and should receive the Sanction and Confirmation of Law, and all Persons advising and acting in Obedience to the same should be indemnified J be it therefore enacted, That all personal Actions and Suits, and all Indictments, Informations, and all Prosecutions and<Pro- and Persons ad-ceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons yifingandcany-whomsoever, for or by Reason of any Act, Matter, or Thing advised, commanded, appointed, or done in Rela- in"*

tion to the Premises, or of any Contract or Agreement not performed by Means of or in Obedience to the said demnified! Proclamations or any of them, be and are, and Audi be discharged and made void by virtue of this Act; and that every Person in anywise concerned in advising or issuing the said Proclamations, or any of them, or in anywise acting therein, or in pursuance thereof, shall be, and is hereby acquitted, discharged, and indemnified, of and from the same; and that if any Action or Suit shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons sued Person# for any such Act, Matter, or Thing so advised, commanded, appointed, or done, or such Contract or may plead the Agreement not performed, he, she, or they may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special General Issue. Matter in Evidence, and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any Action or Suit prosecuted or commenced after the Date of the Proclamations respectively commanding or appointing the same to be done, shall become iion-foited, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Discontinuance, or if a Verdict pass against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her, or their Double Costs, for which he, she, or they shall have the same Remedy, as in Cases where Costs by Law are given to Defendants.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for making Provision for the Entry and Return Voyages of certain Ships which may import*

Rice or other Grain from the East Indies, and to authorize the Importation of Rice <fr other Grain into Ireland, in Ships coming directly from the East Indies.

[21st May 1801.]

WHEREAS it is just and expedient that Provision should be made for the lawful Importation of Goods loaded on board certain Ships which may arrive from the East Indies, with Cargoes of Rice or other'

Grain, and for the Return Voyage of such Ships to the East Indies, although they may not be entitled to the Privileges of British Ships, and also that Provision should be made that Ships coming from the East Indies,

laden with Rice or other Grain, may unload and d'fpose of such Rice and other Grain in Ireland in Manner herein-mentioned be it therefoi*e enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com nous, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and m*/ be lawful to and for any Ship or Vessel, or Ships or Vessels, wherever built, and belonging in Part or in Whole to his Majesty's Subjects, or belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, however the same may be navigated, which shall have cleared out from any Port in the East Indies, on or before the first Day of September one thousand eight hundred and one, laden with Rice or other Grain, with the Licence of the East India Company, to import and enter all such Rice or Grain, free from all Duties whatsoever, into the Port of London; and a»so for all such Ships as aforesaid, laden with not less than three-fourths of their measured Burthen of good merchantable Rice, or other Grain, and other Grain, may which (the Dangers of the Seas and Enemies excepted) shall import all such Rice or other Grain so loaden into enter th6 same that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, or which, under the Provision herein contained, shall im-port all such Rice or other Grain so loaden, into that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland, to import nee -°and if into the Port of London any other Goods or Merchandizes which shall be loaden 011 board any such Ships or three-fourths of Vessels to complete their respective Ladings, and which may lawfully be imported into Great Britain, subject to the like Duties, and no other, as if they were imported in British-built Ships navigated according to Law; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Ships as aforesaid, at any Time before the first Day of jfanuary one thousand eight hundred and three, to export from Great Britain to any Place in the East Indus, for one Voyage only, any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes which may lawfully be exported from Great Britain to the East Indies, in like Manner as if such Ships respectively had been duly entitled to all the Privileges of British Ships navigated according to Law; any Thing in an Act passed in the twelfth Year of his Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for encouraging and enereafing of Shipping and Navigation, or any other Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Snips. Such Ships may, befotc Jan. 1, 1803, export Goods in the East Indies for one Voyage, in the same Manner as British Ships, notwithstanding ft. 12 C. 2. c. is.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize any Ship or Vessel to import or export ar y Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever, or to do any other Act whatsoever, or in any other Manner save and except as herein after is mentioned and provided), than any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, may be lawfully imported or exported by, or than such Act may be done by Ships entitled to the: Privilege of British Ships navigated according to Law, under the Licence or Authority of the East India Company.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any' British Ships or Vessels, or any Ship# or Vessel# wherever built, belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, however the same may be navigated, which shall have cleared out from any Port or Place in the East Indies on r before the first Day of September one thousand eight hundred and one, laden with Rice or other Grain at aforesaid, and which shall have the Licence of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the

Eafi

Ail Ships wherever buift, &c. dealing out from the East Indies by Sept. 1, 1801, Jaden with Rice or

ti'eir Cargo con-fist of such Articles, the other Part of the Lading, if not prohibited, may be imported into London, subject to the like Duties as if imported in British

Act shall not authorize Ships to import ok export other Goods, or in any other Manner than licensed British Ships. Conditions on which British or Foreign Ships, Sec. clearing out from the East Indies by Sept.

C. 37>38.

4ib GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

j, 1801, may import Rice and other Grain into Ireland Dutyfree,

East Indies, or the Licence of the Governor and Council of Saint Helena, or any other of the said United Company^ Governments for that Purpose, to proceed directly to any Port in that Part of his Majesty's said United Kingdom called Ireland and there to unload, fell, and dispose of all such Rice and other Grain which shall be loaded on board such Ships or Vessels respectively, free and discharged from all Duties whatsoever, so as such Ships or Vessels respectively shall proceed on as soon as Wind and Weather shall permit, with all convenient Speed, to the Port of London, where it shall be lawful for all such Ships or Vessels to come to an Entry, land* fell, and dispose of all such Rice or other Grain as shall not have been disposed of in Ireland, free from Duty* and all such other Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, as may have been loaden on Board any such Ships or Vessels, and which may lawfully be imported into this Kingdom, subject in all Cases to the like Duties, and no other, as if they were imported in British-built Ships, and in like Manner as they might have done if Bulk had not been broken, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall in anyways extend to authorize any Person or Boat to go to or on Board any such Ship contrary to the Provisions of an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for continuing and amending several Laws relating to his Majesty's Revenue, and for the more effectually preventing Frauds therein; nor shall any Thing herein contained in any Manner be construed to authorize the Importation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, without the Licence or Authority of the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

JLicence of the East India Company.

Such Ships not

IV. And be it further enacted, That such Ships as herein-before are mentioned shall not be liable to For-liable to For- feiture, nor shall any Persons whatever be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture on account of any Importation or

limure. See. Exportation of Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, or of any Act or Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act.

A A ftiatt not authorize Person* to go on board such Shipa, contrary to Irish Ad, 25 G. 3. c. 34.; nor authorize the Importation of Goods without

39#4oG. 3. c. 106.

So much of the Aril Schedule of the recited Act, as relates to the Forms of Conviction, repealed, and instead thereof the Forms hereto annexed shall be used.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act: to amend so much of an Act passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, 1 An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen / and to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof; as relates to the Forms of Convictions therein referred to [21st Alay 1801.]

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen as to certain Forms of Conviction prescribed in a Schedule to an Act,

passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to

repeal an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled\ 1 An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations- of Work-€ mens and to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof: And whereas it is expedient that those Doubts should be 1 removed, 1 for Remedy whereof, be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said Schedule to the said Act annexed, as contains the Form intituled, Form of Conviction and Commitment, in the said Schedule; and also as contains the Form intituled, Form of Conviction in a pecuniary Penalty, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that instead and in lieu thereof, the Schedule to this Act annexed, and the Forms therein contained, shall be severally used, applied, and construed in like Manner as if the said Forms were specially enacted in the said recited Act, and that the said Schedule to this Act annexed, and the Forms therein contained, shall be deemed and taken to be a Part of the Schedule to the said recited Act; and that all the Provisions of the said A^, and the References therein contained to the said Schedule to the said recited Act, and the two several Forms therein contained and hereby repealed, shall be applied, construed, deemed, and taken to refer to the Schedule to this Act annexed, and to the Forms therein contained, and be extended to and construed in like Manner as if the same had been enacted in the said Act.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

FORM of Conviction and Commitment.

BE it remembered, That on the Day of _ in the Year of his Majesty's Reign, and in the Year of our Lord

A.B. is convicted before us, [naming the Justicesf] two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, [or Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place,] of of having [fating the Offence,] contrary

to the Statute made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, 'An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen, and to jubjtttute other Provisions in lieu thereof; and we the said Justices do hereby order and adjudge the said A* B. for the said Offence, to be committed to and confined in the Common Gaol for the said County, [or Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place,] for the Space of [or to be committed to

the House of Correction at within the said County, [or Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town,

or Place,] there to'be kept to hard Labour for the Space of Given under our Hands, the Day and Year above written.

FORM of Conviction in a pecuniary Penalty.

TIE it remembered, That on [pursuing the same Form, as far as the Title of the said recited Act]; and we the said Justices do hereby adjudge and determine the said A.B. for the said Offence to forfeit and lose tho Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be distributed as the said Act directt.

Given under [as before]

C A 1

A.D. 180r. 41° GEORGII III. (17.

C. 39.

87

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for the more effectually preventing the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Post Bills.

[21st May 1801.]

WHEREAS the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Post Bills, hath of late

very much increasea in this Kingdom; and, as well for the Prevention thereof, as also to facilitate the Detection of the same, the Governor and Company of the Bank of England have procured to be made,

' for the Purpose of being used in the future Issue of Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, ?nd Bank Post Bills,

4 a new Paper of a different Manufacture from that formerly used either by the said Governor and Company, or any other Person or Persons in this Kingdom, in the Issue of Promissory Notes or Bills of Exchange$ in which new Paper, instead of the Bar Lines being straight and parallel to each other, as in the Paper hereto-

fore used, the same are curved or waiving, and the laying Wire Lines are also formed in a waived or curved

Shape, and the numerical Amount or Sum of each Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, and Bank Post Bill,

expressed in a Word or Words, in Roman Letters, is made to appear visible in the Substance of the Paper:

And whereas it is expedient, for the better Prevention of the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange,

and Bank Post Bills, that the said Governor and Company should have the exclusive Privilege and Authority of using, in the Issue of their Notes and Bills, the Paper herein-before described be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one, if any Person or Persons (other than the Officers, Workmen, Servants, or Agents for the Time being, of the said Governor and Company, to be authorized and appointed for that Purpose by the said Governor and Company, and for the Use of the said Governor and Company only) shall make or use, or cause or procure to be made or used, or knowingly aid or assist in the making or using, or (without being authorized or appointed as aforesaid) shall knowingly have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession (without lawful Excuse, the Proof whereof shall lie upon the Person accused) any Frame, Mould, or Instrument, for the making of Paper with curved or waiving Bar Lines, or with the laying Wire Lines thereof in a waiving or curved Shape, or with any Number, Sum, or Amount, expressed in a Word or Words, in Roman Letters, visible in the Substance of such Paper; or shall manufacture, make, use, vend, expose to Sale, publish or dispose of, or cause or procure to be manufactured, made, used, or vended, txposed to Sale, published, or disposed of, or aid or assist in the manufacturing, making, using, vending, ex-poling to Sale, publishing or disposing of, or (without being authorized or appointed as aforesaid, ) shall knowingly have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any Paper whatsoever with curved or waiving Bar Lines, or with the laying Wire Lines thereof in a waiving or curved Shape, or having any Number, Sum, or Amount, expressed in a Word or Words, in Roman Letters, appearing visible in the Substance of such Paper; or if any Person or Persons (except as before excepted) after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one, mall, by any Art, Mystery, or Contrivance, cause or procure the numerical Sum or Amount of any Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, or Bank Post Bill, Blank Bank Note, Blank Bank Bill of Exchange, or Blank Bank Post Bill, in a Word or Words to appear visible in the Substance of the Paper whereon the lame shall be written or printed; or shall knowingly aid or assist in causing the numerical Sum or Amount of any Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, or Bank roft Bill, Blank Bank Note, Blank Bank Bill of Exchange, or Blank Bank Post Bill, in a Word or Words in Roman Letters, to appear visible in the Substance of the Paper whereon the same shall be written or printed, every Person or Persons so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being convicted thereof according to Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for the Term of Fourteen Years.

adjudged a Felon, and transported for fourteen Years.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend to Act notre-restrain or render illegal the Negociation, Circulation, or Reissuing of any Bill or Bills of Exchange, Promissory Note or Promissory Notes, which have already lawfully been issued, negociated, or circulated, or which shall or may be now lawfully reissued, negociated, or circulated, before the first Day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, notwithstanding the same shall be written or printed upon Paper, which by this Act is prohibited from being manufactured, made, used, vended, exposed to Sale, published, or disposed of, except by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England*\ any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

After June 24,

1 So 1, no Person, unless authorized by the Bank of England, shall make or use, or have in his Cul-tody any Frame or Instrument for making Paper of the Kind herein described with curved Bar Lines and Sums in Words appearing in the Substance of the Paper, or make, use, or publTTh, &c. such Paper, or shall cause the Amount of any Bank Note, &c. to appear in the Substance of the Paper whereon the same shall be written or printed, Si c.; or shall assist in so doing; on Pain of being

strain the Nego-ciation, &c. of Bills of Exchange, See. already lawfully iftiicdor reissued before Nov. I,

1 So 1, although written oil such Paper.

Nor to restrain any Person from issuing Bills, &c. with the A mount expressed in Guineas or Pounds Sterling

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to restrain any Person or Persons from issuing or negociating any Bill or Bills of Exchange, Promis-fery Note or Promissory Notes, having the Sum or Amount thereof expressed in Guineas, or in a Numerical Figure or Figures denominating the Sum or Amount thereof in Pounds Sterling, appearing visible in the Substance of the Taper upon which the same shall be written or printed, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

in Figures appearing in ihc Paper.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall restrain or prevent Norto restrain any Person or Persons from making, using, vending, exposing to Sale, publishing, or disposing of any Paper, having waiving or curved Lines, or any other Devices in the Nature of Water Marks, visible in the Substance of the Paper, not being Bar Lines, or laying Wire Lines, provided the same are not contrived in such Manner as to form the Ground Work or Texture of the Paper, or to imitate or resemble the waiving or curved laying Wire Lines, or Bar Lines of the hud new Paper of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or to

any Person from makingor using, Stc. Paper with Devices irr the Nature of Water Mnrks, foastIiey do no: inferable

the Water Marks &c. used by ihe Bank.

Parsonj knowingly receiving or having in their PolH ifion any forged Bank Note, 6c c. or Blank Bank Noie, 6ce. shall, on Conviction, be adjudged Felons, and be transported for 14 Yeat s. Persons engraving fee. any Bank Note, See. or Blank Bank Note, See. purporting to be of the Bank of England, or using any Plate lo engraved, or any Device for makingor printing any such Bank Note, &c. without the Authority of the Bank; or knowingly having in their Custody such Plate or Device, or uttering such Bank Notes, jfcc. shall on Conviction be adjudged Felons, and be transported for seven Years.

38 Geo. 3. c. 41.

Rectors, &c. not assessed to the Duty on Income, who shall not keep more than one Horse for Riding, shall be exempted from the Duty granted by the recited Act. Persons occnfi-onally performing Duty not exempted, unless regular officiating Minifl eri 0* tire i'lac#.

0.39, 40* 41° GEORGII III. ( , ) A.D. 1801.

to imitate or resemble the Water Marks used by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in the Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Poll Bills, issued by the said Governor and Company, any Thing herein contained to t he contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons dial], from and after the paffirg of this Act, nnivhafc or receive from any o^ier Person or Persons, any forged or counterfeited Bank KTote, Bank Bill of Exchange, Bank Poll Bill or Blank Bank Note, Blank Bank Bill of Exchange or Blank Bank Poll Bill, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited} or shall knowingly or wittingly have in his, her, or their Possession or Custody, or in his, her, or their Dwelling-house, Out-house, Lodgings, or Apartments, any forged or counterfeited Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, Bank Pod Bill, or Blank Bank Note, Bla jk Bank Bill of Exchange, or Blank Bank Post Bill, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited {without lawful Excuse, the Proof whereof shall lie upon the Person accused), every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted according to Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for the Term of fourteen Years.

VI. And whereas the Laws now in Force do not inflid a sufficient Punishment upon Offenders concerned

in Engraving Plates and printing B^nk Forms for Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Poll

Bills, for the Purpose of being made use of in perpetrating the Crime of Forgery For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, from and after the passing of this Act, shall engrave, cut, etch, ferape, or by any other Means or Device make, or shall cause or procure to be engraved, cut, etched, feraped, or by any other Means or Device made, or shall knowingly aid or assist in the engraving, cutting, etching, feraping, or by any other Means or Device making, in or upon any Plate of Copper, Brals, Steel, Pewter, or of any other Metal or Mixture of Metals, or upon any Wood, or any other Materials, or any Plate whatsoever, any Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, Bank Post Bill, or Blank Bank Note, Blank Bank Bill of Exchange, or Blank Bank Post Bill, or Part of a Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, or Bank Post Bill, purporting to be the Note or Bill of Exchange or Bank Post Bill, or Blank Bank Note or Blank Bank Bill of Exchange, or Blank Bank Post Bill, or Part of the Note or Bill of Exchange or Bank Post Bill, of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, without an Authority in Writing for that Purpose from the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or shall use any such Plate so engraved, cut, etched, leraped, or by any other Means or Device make, or shall use any other Instrument or Device for the making or printing, any such Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, or Bank Post Bill, or Blank Bank Note or Blank Bank Bill of Exchange, or Blank Bank Post Bill, or Part of a Bank Note or Bank Bill of Exchange, or Bank Post Bill, without such Authority in Writing as aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons shall, after the passing of this Act, without such Authority as aforesaid, knowingly have in his, her, or their Custody any such Plate, Instrument, or Device, or shall without such Authority as aforesaid, knowingly and wilfully utter, publish, dispose of, or put away, any such Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, Bank Poll Bill, Blank Bank Note, Blank Bank Bill of Exchange, or Blank Bank Post Bill, or Part of such Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange or Bank Post Bill, every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being con-vided thereof according to Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for the Term of fevea Years.

CAP. XL.

An Act to permit Persons in Holy Orders to keep one Horse only for the Purpose of Riding, without being subject to the Duty granted by an Act of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, under certain Limitations.

[21st May 1801.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof: And whereas it is expedient that certain Persons in Holy Orders should be permitted to keep one Horse only for the Purpose of Riding without being subject to the Duty granted by the said Act be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Rector, Vicar, or Curate, actually doing Duty in his Church or Chapel, who shall not be assessed to any Duties on Income, granted by any Act or Acts relating to the Duties on Income, by reason of his not being possessed of any Income, chargeable to the said Duties, according to the Provisions of the Acts relating to the said Duties, and who shall not keep more than one Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for the Purpose of Riding, chargeable with Duty, according to the Provisions of the said tirft recited Act, shall be and is hereby exempted from the Duty granted by the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his, present Majesty in respect of such one Horse, Mare, or Gilding.

II. Provided always and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Person who shall occasionally perform the Duty appertaining to any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, without such Person shall he the regular officiating Minister of the Parish or Place in which such Duty shall be performed, or shall have the Cure of Souls therein, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary note-withstanding. 6

A.D. 1801.

41° GEORGII III. C. 41, 42, 4$.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for allowing, until the twentieth Day of August one thousand eight hundred and one, the Importation into Ireland of British and Foreign Hops at a like Duty as is payable in Great Britain for the fame.*[21st May 1801.]

WHEREAS Foreign Hops are importable into Great Britain at a like Duty as is payable in Great Britain on British Hops, and it is. expedient that all such Hops should be imported into Ireland, subject to the same Duty as is payable for the same in Great Britain $' be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, until ana upon the twentieth Day of August one thousand eight hundred and one, no greater Duty shall be payable on the Importation into Ireland of any Hops of the Growth or Produce of Great Britain, or of any Foreign Hops, than after the Rate of one Penny Farthing, according to the Value of Money in Ireland, for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois thereof; and if any Hops imported into Ireland since the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, have been charged with any higher Duty, the Excess of such Duty shall allowed or repaid to the Importers respectively of such Hops 5 any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

9

Until Aug. 10, 1801, no greater Duty than i*d. per lb. shall be paid lor Hritiih or Foreign Hops, imported into Ireland, &c. [continued atto

British Hops till l$tk March 1802, peji c. 93.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to exempt Elephant Oil sold by Auction in Great Britain from the Duty imposed on such Sales.

[2111 May 1801.]

WHEREAS by an Act pafial in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for reV\ pealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, an Excise Duty was charged for ai.d upon all Sales, by Way of Auction in Great Britain, of any Goods or Chattels, according to the respective Rates therein expressed: And whereas by another Act passed in the thirtysecond Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, /In Ad to exempt Whale Oil, and other Articles therein mentioned, and sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales, it was, among other Things, enaeltd. That all Whale Oil, Whale Bone, Ambergris, and Head Matter, and all Skins of Seals, and other

Animals living in the Sea, Should be free of the said Duty on the first Sale thereof by Auction in Great Britain, by or for the Account of the Original Impv>rter to whom the same were conttgned, and by whom they were entcicd at the Cullom House at the Port of Importation, so as fudi Sale should be made within twelve

Months after such Goods Should be imported, and by some Person duly licensed to exerqife the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer: And whereas it is expedient that further Exemption from the said Duty Should be

made in favour of Oil made or produced from certain Amphibious Animals called Sea Cows, or Sea Elephants, 4 and which was commonly called or known by the Name of Elephant Oil, which is not now exempted from the same be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament asserobled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Oil made or produced from Amphibious Animals called Sea Cows or Sea Elphants, and which is commonly called or known by the name of Elephant Oil, shall be free of the said Duty on the first Sale thereof by Auction in Great Britain, by or for the Account of the Original Importer, to whom the same shall be consigned, and by whom the same shall be entered tit the Custom House at the Port of Importation, so as such Sale be made within twelve Months after ftieh Oil shall be imported, and by some'Person duly licensed to exercise the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer.

will tin twelve Mouths

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in England, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one.

[2tfl May 1801.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision Should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing for the Militia in England, for one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March 011c thousand eight hundred and one; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every County, Riding, or Place in knfaruL where the Militia is or shall be raised, the Receiver or Reeeivers-General of the Land Tax for such County, Riding, or Flacc respectively, shall issue and pay the whole Sums required, in the Manner, and for the several Uses herein after mentioned; (that is to say, ) for the Pay of the said Militia, for four Calendar Months in Advance, at the Rate of six Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed; and at the Rate of one Shilling for each bhrjeant, with the Addition of two Shillings and Sixpence a Week for each Serjeant-major, where a Serjeant-r^ajor is appointed; and at the Rate of Sixpence a Day for each Drummer, with the Addition of Sixpence a Day for each Drum-major, where a Drum-major is appointed; and at the Rate of Eightpence a Day for each Corporal; and also at the Rate of Fourpence a Month for each Pritate Man and Drummer, for dtfraving the contingent Expences of each Regiment, Battalion, and Independent Company of Militia, one Penny whereof shall be applied for defraying the Hospital Expences of each Regiment, Battalion or Independent Company, during the Time of the Men's being from Home upon Account of their annual Exercise; and also for Half a Year*8 Salary for the Cle k of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia belonging to such Cotiniv,

41 Geo. III. (U- K.) N Riding

27 Geo. 3. c»p. >3- [§ 35.6. and Schedule F«]

32 G. 3.-c. 41.

Elephant Oft

exempted front Auction Duty on the first Sale, h? tf.e original In»porter, if m.^rle l»v a Jicrn-ft d Auctionc: ir after Importation.

Where ihe Militia is or lh.m be raised, the 1<» reiver-Gene-valot the County shall iifui* tour Months* Fay in Aihmuc arror<iin£ to i!ie Lirablishment of Fay here set down, u ;h Half a Year's SJury t.» the K«-; imenul and Rnl iliu* Clerk*

99

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (17.

C. 43.

Riding, or Place, at the Rate of fifty Pounds a Year; and also for the respective Allowances to the Clerk of the General Meetings, and the Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings, at the Rates following; (that is to say, ) to the Clerk of the General Meeting, at the Rate of five Pounds and five Shillings for each Meeting; and to the several Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings-at the Rate of one Pound and one Shilling for each Meeting; and also for the Cloathing of the Militia for such County, Riding, or Place, after the Rate of three Pounds and ten Shillings for each Sextant, and two Pounds for each Drummer, with tl>e Addition of one Pound for each Serjeant-major, and each Drum-major, and at the Rate of two Pounds for each Corporal, where such Serjeants, Drummers, Serjeant-majors, Drum-majors, and Corporals, have not been cloathed within two Years; and, with respect to the private Militia Men, at the Rate of one Pound and twelve Shillings for each private Militia Man who shall have been chosen by Ballot to be trained and exercised.

II. And be it enacted, That all such Sums of Money granted for the Pay of the Militia as aforesaid, except such as shall be due to the several Clerks of the Meetings aforesaid, and except such a6 shall be due on Account of Cloathing, shall, where the Militia has never been embodied, be paid by the said Receiver or Receivers-Generak of the Land Tax into the Hands of the Clerk or Clerks of the Regiments or Battalions of Militia belonging to such County, Riding, or Place, upon his or their producing his or their Warrant or Warrants of Appointment to such Office, under the Hand and Seal of his Majesty's Lieutenant forfbeh respective County, Riding, or Place; and where the Militia has been embodied, into the Hands of the Clerk or Clerks of the Regiments or Battalions, upon his or their producing his or their Warrant or Warrants of Appointment to such Office, under the Hand and Seal of the Colonel, or where there is no Colonel, of the Commanding Officer of each Regiment or Battalion respectively, notwithstanding such Militia shall have been disembodied; and where the Militia shall be formed into an Independent Company or Independent Companies, such Sums as aforesaid shall be paid by the said Receiver or Receivers-General of the Land Tax, into the Hands of the ref-pedlive Captain of each Independent Company of Militia, or to such Person as such respective Captain shall authorize to receive the same, according to the Number of Persons hereby entitled to receive Pay, of which such Regiment or Regiments, Battalion or Battalions, Independent Company or Independent Companies, shall have been appointed to consist; according to the establishment laid down in an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for amending and reducing into one Act of Parha* ment, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England; ) and such Receiver or Iler ceivers-General of the Land Tax shall also, within fourteen Days after the Expiration of the third Calendar Month from the Time of the said first Payment, make a second Payment for four Calendar Months in Advance j and shall also, within fourteen Days after the Expiration of the three Calendar Months from the Time of the said second Payment, make a third Payment for four Calendar Months in Advance, for the Pay and continr gent Expence3 of the Militia, and for the Allowances to the Regimental or Battalion Clerk or Clerks aforesaid* in the Proportions herein-before mentioned; and the Receipts of such Clerk or Clerks, and of such Captain of ap Independent Company, or Captains of Independent Companies, or of such Person or Persons as such Captaip or Captains shall so authorize to receive such Money as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Re? ceiver or Receivers-General of the Land Tax, for the several Sums of Money so by him or them paid*

and the Allowances 10 the Clerks of the Gr neral and Subdivision Meetings, and Allowances for Cloathing of Serjeants,

Drummers and Privates.

The Money shall he paid by the Receiver General to the Clerk of the Regiment Or Battalion (except the Allowances to the Clciks of the Meetings, ) upon producing the Warrant of his Appointment

and for Independent Companies to the respective Captains Or to their Order; according to the Eitabltshment laid down in the Militia A<fl, 26 Geo. 3. c. 107.

A second Payment shall also be made wilhin three Months after the First j and a Third

within three Months after the second. Receipts of the Persons to whom the Money shall be G> paid shall discharge the Receivers General. The Clerks shall pay in Advance ne Month's Pay to the Adjutant, and two Months' Pay to each Captain for the Serjeants,

&c. and for the Serjeant-major and Drum-major two Months'

Pay to the Com-jhanding Officer.

Captains shall account for the same Yearly to

&e Ckrk or Receiver General, if an Independent Company;

III. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall forthwith, after the Receipt of such Sums of Money as aforesaid, pay or cause to be paid, one Calendar Month's Pay in Advance to the Adjutant of such Regiment or Battalion respectively; and to the Captain or Officer commanding each Company belonging to such Regiment or Battalion, two Months' Pay in advance for the Serjeants, Drummers* and Corporals; and also to the Officer commanding the Company to which the Serjeant-major and Drum-major shall belong, two Months* Pay in advance for such Serjeant and Drum-major; and so from Time to Time, as long as any Money on that Account shall remain in his Hands: Which Pay every such Captain or Officer commanding is hereby required to distribute to each Person belonging to his Company, by this Act entitled to receive the same, as it shall become due; and the Captain of jeach Independent Company is hereby required to distribute to each Person belonging to his Company entitled thereto, such Money as he shall receive for Pay of his Company by virtue of this Act; and such Captain or Officer commanding shall, once in every Year*

five in to the Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion to which such Company shall belong, or if Captain of an ndependent Company to the Receiver General, an Account of the several Payments he shall have made ip pursuance of this Act, according to the following Form:

County of Dr.

To Calli received of Mr.

Regimental or Battalion Clerk, or 1 Receiver General [as (he Case JkaU I fcl for two Months' Pay in Advance, i

- j

Per Contra,

Cr.

Paid Serjeant for Days' Pay, from the?

of to the of following 3

Ditto as Serjeanl-major (if One in the Company) J

Paid Serjeant for Days* Pay, from the?

of to the of following - — 3

Paid Drummer Days, at Sixpence, from the of to the Ditto as Drum-major

pany) -

Paid Drummer to the of Paid Corporal to the of

of

(if One

following > in the Corn-

Days, from the following Days, from the following

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III.

C-43-

9i

And shall pay back to the said Clerk, or to the Receiver-general (as the Case shall bc, J the Surplus (if any) of and pay back the the Money by him from Time to Time received, and then remaining in his Hands. Surolus Monies

IV. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That in case the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of Militia, shall certify in Writing, to the Clerk of the same, that he hath discharged any Serjeant or Drummer as unfit for the Service; that in such Case, no Pay be issued for the Person so discharged, until another be duly appointed by him; and that no Payment be made to any Serjeant or Drummer who hath been so discharged or who has not previously been approved of by the Commanding Officer in case of Vacancy by Death br otherwise.

nor any Payment made to such at are discharged by the Commanding Officer.

V. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia, out of the Money hereby Regimental directed to be issued and paid to him for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment or Battalion, Clerk dull yearly and every Year pay to the Colonel or Officer commanding such Regiment or Battalion, one Penny

a Month for each prime Man and Drummer, for defraying the Hospital Expences of each respective Company out of contiagent of such Regiment or Battalion, during the Time of the Men's being absent from Home upon Account of their " annual Exercise; and shall, from Time to Time, issue out and pay such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Repair of Arms, and the Carriage and Removal thereof, upon an Order in Writing, signed by the Colonel or Officer commanding such Regiment or Battalion; and after Payment of such Sums as shall be drawn on him br such Colonel or Commanding Officer as aforesaid, he shall yearly and ever)' Year make up an Account of all Inch Money, and the Expenditure thereof, and of the Balance remaining in his Hands, which foid Balance shall form a Stock Purse for the Use of the Regiment, and transmit the same to the Colonel or Commanding Officer of such Regiment, or Battalion, to be by him examined, allowed, and signed; and the Account so allowed and signed shall be, and is hereby directed to be, the proper Voucher and Acquittal of such Clerk for the Application and Disposal of such Money.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Money hereby directed to be issued for the contingent Expences of each Independent Company of Militia shall be in like Manner applied to the particular Use of such respective Independent Company by the Captain thereof; and shall, yearly and every Year, be in like Manner accounted for to the Receiver-general of the Land Tax of the County or Place to which such Independent Company shall" beloog; whole Allowance of such Account shall in like Manner be the proper Voucher for the Expenditure and Dfposition thereof.

Surplus Monies in his Hand*.

On Discharge of Serjeant* or Drummers a* unfit for Service; no Pay shall be issued till others are appointed;

Money, fd. a Month for etch private Man and Drummer, for defraying Hof-pit.il Fxpowv< 5 and* Money for repairing Arms* "fee.

and shallaccount annually to the Commanding Officer.

Money allowed for contingent Expences of In-dependentCom-panies shall be applied and accounted for by the Captains. Clerk may re-tain Money in Ms Hands for his own Salary.

Lieutenant, or Three Deputy Lieutenants,

the Number of Men, and the Number of Days such Men are to be absent from florae on Account of such Ex- Hwll certify to ercife, not exceeding in the Whole twenty-eight Days; and such Receiver-general is hereby required, within ^f^heDa s fourteen Days after the Receipt of such Certificate, to issue and pay to the Clerks of the several Regiments or of Exercise, ice. Battalions, at the Rate of seven Shillings and Sixpence per Day for the Captain of each Company, and at the who shall pay to Rate of three Shillings and Sixpence per Day for each Lieutenant, and of three Shillings per Day for each the Regimental Ensign, and also at the Rate of ore Shilling per Day for each private Militia Man who shall nave been chosen plctks, ' anhe by Ballot to be trained and exercised, for the Number of Days such Officers and Men shall be absent from Home the

on Account of such Exercise; and also at the Rate of one Shilling per Day for each private Militia Man who oJfi< ers and shall attend at the Place of annual Exercise, but who shall not have been so chosen by Ballot to be trained and Men w at exercised, for any Number of Days not exceeding five, during which such Men shall he absent firotn Home on annual Exercise. Account of their Attendance at such Place of animal Exercise; and in such Counties where there shall be Independent Companies only, the Receiver-general of each such respective County shall issue and pay to the Captain* of the Independent Companies, at the Rate of seven Shillings and Sixpence per Day for each Captain, thrcc Shillings and Sixpence per Day for each Lieutenant, and three Shillings per Day for each Ensign; and also at the Rate of one Shilling per Day for each private Militia Man who shall have been chosen by Ballot to be trained and exercised, for the Number of Day* such Officers and Men shall be absenL from Home on Account of frch Exercise, not exceeding in the Whole twenty-eight Days, and also at the Rate of one Shilling per Day for each private Militia Man who shall attend the Place of annual Exercise, but who shall not have been so chosen by Ballot to be trained and exercised, for any Number of Days not exceeding five, during which such Men shall be absent from Home on Account of their Attendance at such Place of annual Exercise; and the said Regimental of Battalion Clerks are hereby required forthwith to pay to each Captain of the said

Regiment* or Battalion* the Proportion of Pay belonging to each Captain, and like wife the Pay belonging to thar respectvc Companies.

I-C. And be it further enacted, That the Captain of each Company shall make up an Account of all Monies t

neuved and j-aid by him on Account of fu^h Exercise, according to the following Form: C^mpanic? th»U

N 2 County Ac-

VII. And be it enacted, That the said Regimental or Battalion Clerk may and shall retain to hit own Use, out of the Money so by him received, such further Sums as shall complete the Allowance herein-before made for his Salary.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty's Lieutenant, or any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, of any County, Riding, or Place, shall have fixed the Days of Exercise for the Militia, he or they bail, as soon as may be, certify the lame to the Receiver General of such County, Riding, or Place, specifying

of such Ex-

C.

C-43-

41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

counts1 of the Money they receive, Ac, Qn Account of such Exercise, &c.

County of Dr.

To Cash. received of the Regimental or Battalion Clerk, or Receiver General,

[as the Case Jlall be-] for Days Pay of Men

Per Contra9 4 Cr.

By my Pay as Captain Paid Lieutenant Paid Ensign

Paid Militia Men Days

Paid Militia Men

their Attendance at the Place of Exercise,

Days, for*) rcife. J

Which Account shall be signed by the said Captain, and Countersigned by the Commanding Officer; and such Captain shall, within ten Days after the Time such Exercise is finished, deliver such Account, and pay the Balance, if there be any due, to the Regimental or Battalion Clerk, or, if Captain of an Independent Companyt to the Receiver-general; and such Accounts shall be allowed as sufficient Vouchers in the passing of the Accounts of such Receiver-general, by the proper Auditor of liis Majesty's Court of Exchequer.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of Militia, is or shall be embodied, or called out into actual Service, and thereby the Officers and private Militia-

t^ufintoaaual men are or be to the same ^aY^the Officers and private Men in his Majesty's other Regiments

Serine, and re* Foot receive, all Pay from the Receiver or Receivers — general of the Land Tax for the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of Militia shall belong, whether to the Adjutants, Serjeants, private Militia Men, or others, and all Money allowed as aforesaid for the contingent Expences of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of Militia, and also the Allowance to the Clerk of such Regiment or Battalion, shall, during such Time ofadlual Service, and until such Regiment, Bat-talion, or Independent Company, shall be disembodied and return Home, cease and not'be paid.

XI. And be it enacted, That the said Receiver or Receivers-general of the Land Tax shall pay to the Clerk of the General Meetings his Allowance at the Rate of five Pounds and litre Shillings for each Meeting, upon his producing an Order or Orders for that Purpose from his Majesty's Lieutenant, or from three Deputy Lieutenants, assembled at fom« General Meeting or Meetings; and shall also pay to each and every of thd Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings their several Allowances, at the Rate of one round and one. Shilling for each Meeting, upon his or their producing an Order or Orders from one or more Deputy Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, assembled in the several Subdivision Meetings 5 which said Order or Orders, certifying the Day or Days «f Meeting, at what Place or Places, and for what Purpose or Purposes, the said General and Subdivision Meeting or Meetings have been assembled and held, together with the Clerk's Receipt or Receipts for the Sums so claimed, shall be to the said Receiver or Receivers-general of the Land Tax a fufneient Discharge for the Payment of such Allowances, and be allowed in his or their Account.

*lunanti, certifying the Time and Purpose of Meeting?.

Troops are* em-

<£ive P«iy as other Forcfev ail Pay and Allowance from the Receiver general £h*h cease. Reeeivers-general shall pay the Allowances to Clerks of the General Meet- 4 ings, and 10 the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, upon producing Orders from the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieu-

Regimental and Battalion Clerks shall give Security for paying and accounting for the Monies received by them.

Bonds shall be lodged with the Receivers, and

£ut in Suit on on performance of Conditions;

Receivers shall be entiittd io Colts, and per Cent, of the Money recovered

and the Residue shall be accounted for to the Auditor.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall give Security to the Receiver or Receivers-general of the Land Tax of the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong, by a Bond to his Majesty, in the Penalty of one Half of the Sum required for the whole Year's Charge of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia to which such Clerk shall belong* for duly answering and paying such Sums as he shall from Time to Time have received, and for duly accounting for the fame, and for Performance of the Trust hereby in him reposed; which said Bond shall be lodged in the Hands of the Receiver or Receivers-general of the Land Tax for the respective County, Riding, or Place, who, in case the said Regimental or Battalion Clerk shall not duly perform the Conditions comprised in the said Bond, shall and is hereby required forthwith to put the said Bond in Suit, in the Name of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; the full Costs and Charges of which Suit, in case Judgment shall be given against such Regimental or Battalion Clerk, shall be paid by him to the said Receiver or Receivers-general of the Land Tax, who shall likewise be entitled to, and receive, to his or their own Use, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum, out of all such Monies as shall be by him or them recovered thereon ? and shall account for the Residue thereof with the proper Auditor of his Majesty's Revenue; the said Receiver or Receivers-general of the Land Tax charging himself or themselves therewith, upon the next Account of the Land Tax to be by him or them passed.

The Regimental and Battalion Clerks and Captains of Inde-pendent Compa-nies, shall deliver in Accounts of their Receipts.and Disburse-ments.

Penalties, tec. shall be recover-td, in the Courts at Wefimiufiti

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of every Regiment or Battalion of Militia, and the Captain of every Independent Company of Militia, in every County, Riding, or Place, in England, shall, between the twenty-fifth Day of March and the twenty-fourth Day of Jane one thousand eight hundred and one, deliver to the Receiver or Receivers-general of the Land Tax of the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company shall belong, a fair Account in Writing, of all Monies by him received and disbursed for the Service of the preceding Year, in pursuance of this Act, with proper Vouchers'for the fame; and shall pay back to the said Receiver, or Receivers-general of the Lams Tax, any Surplus of such. Monies which shall then be in his Hands; which said Account, signed by such Regimental or Battalion Clerks or by such Captain of an Independent Company respectively, shall be transmitted by the said Receiver or Re — ceivers-general of the Land Tax, into the Office of the proper Auditor of his Majesty's Revenue.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Penalties, all Costs and Charges of Suit, and all Sum& of Money for which any Person or Persons is or are by this Act made answerable, may and shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information*, wherein no Eflbin, Wager of Law, or Protection, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

A.D. 1801. 4i» GEORGII III. (U.K.)

C. 43, 44*

9*

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon Account of any Warrant or Sum of Money which shall be issued in relation to or in pursuance of this Act.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Person being on Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance as having served in any or either of the two troops of Horse Guards, or Regiment of Horse reduced, and fenring in the Militia, shall and may, and he is hereby empowered to receive and take the Subsist-c»ce-money by this Act directed to be paid to Captains, Lieutenants, or Ensigns; and the receiving and taking such Subsistence-money by any such Captain, Lieutenant, or Ensign, shall not be deemed a receiving or taking Pay, so as in any Manner to prevent such Person on Half Pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Half Pay, or such Allowance; and such Person shall take the following Oath before some Justice of the reace, who is hereby empowered to administer the same.

No Fee payable for any Warrant or Sum issued.

Persons on Half Pay, or entitled to an Allowance as having served in the reduced Horse Guards, &c. may, though serving in the Militia, receive the same on taking the following Oath.

I A.B. do swear, That I had not, between the

Civil or Milirary. under his Malcflv. besidea n

any Place or Employment of Profit, The Oath. Civil or Military, under his Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half Pay as a reduced in

late Regiment of (or Allowance as in late Troop of

Horse Guards, or Regiment of Horse reduced), save and except my Subsistence as a Captain,

Lieutenant, or Ensign, [ox the Case may befor serving in the Militia of the County of )y

And the taking the said Oath shall be fufRcient to entitle such Person to receive his Half Pay, or the said Allowance, without taking any other Oath; any Law, Usage, or Custom, ' to the contrary- thereof notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Receiver-general of the Land Tax, as soon as he shall receive a Warraint under the Hand of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of their respective Regiments or Battalions, certifying the Receipt of the Cloathing, which Certificate shall specify the Number of Serjeants, Corporals* Drummers, and private Men, for whom the same shall have been supplied, and an Order from the said Colonel or Commanding Officer for Money due on Account thereof, p r able to the Person or Persons who furnished the said Cloathing, shall pay the Sum mentioned in such Order to the Person entitled to receive the same, provided the said Cloathing shall not exceed the Allowance herein-before directed; and such Warrant and Order, together with the Receipt of the Person receiving the said Money, shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Re-oeiver-generaL

XVIII. 4 And whereas Persons appointed to act as Adjutants in the Militia may, by Age or Infirmity, be rendered incapable of doing the Duty thereof, and it is expedient that some Provision should be made for them in Confederation of their former Services, ' be it enacted, That if any Adjutant of Militia, who shall have (erred faithfully, either in his Majesty's regular Forces or in the Militia, for the full Term of thirty Years in the Whole, fifteen of which he shall have served as an Adjutant of Militia, shall, by Age or Infirmity, be rendered unfit for further Service, he shall, on producing to the Receiver-general of the Land Tax, for the County,

Riding, or Place, to which such Militia shall belong, a Certificate of tuch Service of thirty Years, as aforesaid, from the Commanding Officer of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, be entitled to receive, su»d the Receiver-general of the Land Tax shall be, and he is hereby authorized and required to pay to such Person producing such Certificate as aforesaid, an Allowance at the Rate of six Shillings per Day: Provided always, That no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance, as aforesaid, who shall have served for a less Tenn than fifteen Years in the Militia, or who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military,

nder his Majesty.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, shall cease and determine during the Continuance of this Act, the Sum of three Shillings per Diem shall be paid to such Person as has actually served as Adjutant to such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, from the Time such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, shall cease, to the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two.

CAP. XLIV.

Receiver-ger* ral, upon receive ing a Warrant from the Commaading Officer, certifying the Receipt of the Cloathing, and an Order for Payment, shall pay the same accordingly. Adjutants, after 30 Years Service, 1 5 thereof being in the Militia, shall be entitled to a certain Allowance.

If any Regiment Stc. shallccafe, 3«. per Diem shall be paid to the Adjutant from such Tim* March 25. iboz#

An Act for reviving, continuing until the twentieth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and two,

and amending an Act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present [39and4oG-3. Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, gratrted by an Act passed in c. 4*-] the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be ware- s

housed; for reviving so much of an Act made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, - Q

as relates to the ascertaining toe Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on 32 3C the Exportation thereof; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, until the tenth Day of May one thousatid eight hundred and one.

[20th June 1801.-j

WHEREAS an Act passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-^and 40 C. 3. tituled. An Act to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, granted by an Act pafffed in the thirty- c. 4S.

ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; for reviving so much of an Act made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the 1 Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, until the tenth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and one: And whereas

the

94

C-44- 4i" GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

Reeved from May 1 o, iSoi, and continued.

From May io,

1 So 1, to May 10, 1802, the present Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation from Great Britain, of certain Sort of Sugar, shall be discontinued, and in lieu thereof, those in the annexed Schedule shall the said recited Act hath expired: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be revived and continued for a limited time be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth Day of hiaj one thousand eight hundred ai d one, the said recited Act, and all the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Directions, and Regulations therein contained, shall be, and the same are hereby revived, and shall be and remain in full Force during the Continuance of this Act (except as to any such Provisions, Regulations, Clauses, Matters, and Things, as are by this Act altered, amended, or repealed), in as full and ample a Maimer, to all Intents and Purposes, a3 if the same were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and one, and until the tenth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and two, the several Drawbacks and Bounties heretofore allowed and paid, under and in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament, on the Exportation from Great Britain, of any Sugar of the British Plantations, in the same State in which it was imported, or of any refined Sugar called Bastards, or any ground or powder Sugar, or refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pieces, or Sugar called Candy, or any other refined Sugar in the Loaf, complete and whole, or Lumps duly refined, shall be, and the same are hereby discontinued/ and that, instead and in lieu thereof, the several Drawbacks ami Bounties in the Schedule to this Act annexed, shall be paid and allowed in like Manner in every Respect, and subject to, and under and according to the like Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Drawbacks or Bounties were paid or allowed before the passing of an Act of the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Sugar imported and exported, and for reducing the Drawbacks now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar.

ne cxaseuc, it Qf or on the ninth Day of November one thousand eight hundred and one respectively, or any or either

ihc Average1* the it shall appear by Notice In the London Gazette, in Manner directed in the said Act, made in

Price* of Brown the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his p: - jnt Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Allowance of the or Mufeovado Draauback, and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Sugar, did not, Coffee into tl?e Bahama and Bermuda Islands in foreign Ships, that the Average Prices of Brown or Mufeovado

on passing tint Sugar, taken in Manner directed by the said Act, for the six Weeks preceding, shall not have exceeded seventy

io, oi°X?iv. Oj* Shillings for an hundred Weight, exclusive of the Duties of Customs paid or payable thereon, on the Importation

iSoi, exceed* into Great Britain, then, and in every such Case, the Drawback and Bounty in the Schedule to this Act an-

70*. per Cwt. nexed mentioned as corresponding to or wdth the Price of w'hich such Notice in the London Gazette shall have

exclusive of been given as aforesaid, shall be paid and allowed, until Notice of any other Average Price shall be given in the

bark and Bouu* London Gazette on the Saturday immediately preceding any other of such subsequent Days; and such Drawback i) in the an- and Bounty shall be paid and allowed in like Manner in every respect, and subject to, and under, and according

nexed Schcdu'e to the like Rules and Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Drawbacks and Bounties were

cone finding paid or allowed before the passing of the said Act of the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty, by any Act or in tlieGazette* Parliament, (except as any such Rules or Regulations are altered by this Act); and the Whole of the

shall be puidun- ^utY granted by an Act passed in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for til another Price granting to his Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Timber, Sugar, Raisins, and Pepper, imported into, and on J, ead shall be noticed exhorted from Great Britain, upon Sugar imported into Great Britain, by the United Company of Merchants of on the Saturday England trading to the East Indies, and warchotifed according to Law', and sold at the Sales of the said Com-otherof'such^ Pany> after the passing of this Act, shall, upon the Delivery thereof, out of the Warehouses for Exportation*

subsequent during the Time of any Drawbacks or Bounties being paid or allowxd uxder this Act, in respect of British Plan-

Days, and the tation Sugar, be wholly drawn back, under such Rides, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures at Duty granted by any former Drawbacks are paid or allowed, any Thing in the said Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the e^Tot/su'ar^ his Pre^ent Majesty, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

imported by the Hail India Company, and sold at their Sales after passing this Act, shall on Exportation be drawn back, while Drawbacks are allowed oq British Plantation Sugars.

On Exportation

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That on the Exportation from this Kingdom of any refined ot refined Sugar Sugar in any other than a British Ship or Vessel, owmed, navigated, and registered, according to Law, there ^British Ship ix he P*.and allowed one Shilling less Bounty for each and every hundred Weight of such Sugar so exported*

Jess Bounty per than if the same had been exported in a British Ship or Vessel so owned, navigated, and registered; any Law* Cwt. (halfbe Custom or Usage, to the contrary' notwithstanding. paid.

Drawback shall V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Drawback and Bounty payable on the Exportation of

be allowed on Sugar, by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall be paid and allowed on all Sugar which shall have been.

Sugar shipped, or mail be shipped or laden on board any Ship or Ships, or water-born with Intent to be shipped or laden on

udorTafter^Ma hoard any Ship or Ships in Great Britain for Exportation, after the tenth Day of May one thousand eight

ioTsoi.^hundred and one.

Until May io,

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and until the tenth Day of May t$o % Bond* for one thousand eight hundred and two, all Bonds to his Majesty from the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Dutic* on Bri- Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of any British Plantation Sugar, for the Payment of the Duties chargeable

tnh Plantation Upon any such Sugar imported into any Port in Great Britain, at any Time after the tenth Day of May one

into^nrSTirri- thousand eight hundred and one, and warehoused, shall be made payable, together with Interest, at and after the

tain after May Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the Amount of such Duties, within three Months from the

io, 1*01, shall Date thereof j and if the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of such

Sugar

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. C. 44.

Saw shall omit, neglect, or refafe to pay and satisfy all the Duties due and payable in respect of such Sugar, within three Months from the Date of any Bond given tinder this Act for the Payment of the Duties, upon such Sugar as t .refeid, unless further Time shall be given by the said Commissioners of Customs, purl'uant to the Provisions of this Act, it fha.II be lawful for the Coin: m: Iiu; iers of the Cuiloms in England and Scotland; efpedliyely, at the Expiration of such Periods as aforesaid, to cauk such Sugar to be publickly sold to the belt Bidder, at such Places as the said Commissioners of the Cuiloms in England and Scotland reflectively shall think proper, and cut of the Proceeds of such Sale, to satisfy such Dutic3, together with the Interest due thereon, and all such Exptraces as shall have arisen relating to any such Sugar; and the Overplus (if any be) shall be paid to the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Configr.ee or Consignees of such Sugar, or such other Person or Persons as shall be authorized to receive the same.

VI f. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Custonu in England and Scotland respectively, and they are hereby authorized, upon Application made for that Purpose, and on Proof to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that the Sugars in respect whereof the Application is made remain unfold, to give three Months further Time for the Payment of the Duties payable on any such Sugars, or upon any Part of such Sugars, in case the Person making Application shall be delirous of paying the Duties in part of such Sugars, and in any such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to take any' new Bond or Bonds, and to permit the Sugars, in respect whereof any such Bond shall be given, to ranain in any' Warehouse under the Provisions of this Act for such further Period of three Months; and if at the Expiration of any such further Period of three Months the Duties on such Sugars, together with the Interest thereon, at the Rate aforesaid on such Duties shall not be paid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to fdl such Sugar for Payment of the Duties and Interest due thereon, and Coils and Charges aforesaid, in like Manner as is herein-bef'ore directed.

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to dedud and retain out of the Principal and Interest that may become due on any Bond, to be takeu in pursuance of the said herein-before recited Act, passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, or of this A£, the Fees and Stamp Duties that shall have been paid on such Bond.

IX. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be confined to extend to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, or to any Sugar or Coffee exported from Great Britain to Ireland1

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall, as to all the Matters and Things herein contained relating to the pay ing and allowing any Drawback or Bounty under this Act, have Continuance until the tenth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and two*, for the Ports of London, and until the twentieth Day of May one thousiuid eight hundred and tw*o, for other Parts of Great Britain.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

TABLE of Drawbacks and Bounties to be allowed and paid under the Provisions of this A

95

be made pr.yalde

in three Months, and it the Dimes are 1; > pnid within that Period, th j 5u&art m^y be loU.

The Commis-

fionets of the Customs, if Su-gats remain unfold, may ienew such Bonds for three Months.

Fees and Stamp Duties may be dvduct*. td from A mount of Bom!*.

A6i not to extend to Ireland* [See c. 74-3 Continuance of Act. 10 — 10 May 1 So 2.

IVice* of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, at which Drawbacks and Bounties are payable. Drawback to be allowed on Sugar of the British Plantations in the same State in which it was importid, and Bounty on refined Sugar called Bastards, or ground or powdered Sugar, or refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pieces. Bounty on other refined Sugar in Loaf, complete and Whole, or Lump duly refined.

If Average Wee of BroWn or Muscovado Sugar, published in /. s.

the Gmrttry shall not exceed fifty-eight Shillings per Cwt, If it shall exceed fifty-eight Shillings, and not exceed sixty 20 34

Shilling* - If it shall exceed sixty Shillings, and not exceed sixty-two 18 V 3l

Shillings - l6 27

If it shall exceed sixty-two Shillings, and not exceed sixty-four

Shillings - - - If it shall exceed sixty-four Shillings, and not exceed sixty-six H 24

Shillings - 12 20

If it shall exceed sixty-six Shillings, and not exceed sixty-eight

Shillings - 107

If it shall exceed sixty-eight Shillings, and not exceed seventy 8

Shillings - - ..3

If it (haD exceed seventy Shillings - r Nothing. Nothing.

All the above Prices are to be taken exclusive of the Duties of Customt paid or payable on the Importation of Sugar.

And whereas Returns taken previous to the passing of this Act may include the Duties, all such Duties shall W deduced; the said Returns shall, in respect to the Schedule aforesaid, be ftfbjeft to a Deduction of twenty ShiHiugs par hundred Weight, the Duty now paid.

k

A.D. 1801.

The following of the Parliament of Ireland continued till Sept. 29, jS02.vii.37 G. 3. c. 42. [continued bt/f'ihj'.-qurnl Acts — the Ir.jl 40 G. 3. c. 77*-] for regulating the Tobacco' Trade, &c.

37 G. 3. c. 33.

\Jnfl amended ant coat mud ^/4oG.3. c. 5; .] for securing the R*.\enuc on Malu

8 G. 3. c. 24.

I amended and continued by 39G. 3. C. 24. and tii/r continued by 40 G. 3. c. 87.] to fecarc the Duties on Audi ions, &c.

38 G. 3. c. 52.

[ a ate ruled by

39 G. 3. c. and tail continued by 40 G. 3. C. 56.] to regulate the Trade «f rectifying Spirits, &c.

36 G. 3. c. 51. [ami inued by

C. 45. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.)

CAP. 2£LV.

An Act to continue until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand «ight hundred and two, several Laws passed in the Parliament of Ireland\ relating to the regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and securing the Duties payable on Tobacco; to the collecting and securing the Duties upon Malt; to the securing the Duties on Auctions and Glass Bottles, and on Paper printed, painted, or stained to serve for Hangings; to the regulating the Trade of rectifying Spirits and preventing Frauds by Rectifiers; to the further Improvement of the Fisheries on the Coasts of Ireland; to the bettef Collection of the Duties on tanned Hides and Skins, and on Vellum, and Parchment; to the better regulating the granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance of ex-cifeable Goods; to the regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certaii} Manufactures; to the better securing the Duties on Licences to Persons engaged in certain Trades; to the better regulating the Collection of his Majesty's Revenue, and preventing Frauds therein; and to revive and continue until the said twenty-ninth Day of September, an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign for granting Annuities in Manner therein provided.

[20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that several temporary Acts made in Ireland for the better Collection of his Majesty's Revenues in that Part of the United Kingdom and for preventing Frauds therein, should be further continued be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act passed in Ireland in the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, /in A3 for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for securing the Duties payable upon the Importation and Manufacture of Tobacco, which was to continue in force until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was, by an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to jthe End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act passed in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was amended and further continued until tho twenty-fourth Day of Jqne one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and two.

II. And be it enacted, That an Act passed in Ireland in the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for collecting and securing his Majesty's Revenue upon Malty which was to continue in Force until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and" by an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was, by an Act passed in the fortieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, amended and continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and two.

III. And be it enacted, That an Act passed in Ireland in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to secure the Collection of the Duties on AuClionsy and on Glass Bottles made in this Kingdom, and on Paper printed\ painted, or Jlained in this Kingdom, to serve for Hangings or other Uses, and to prevent Frauds therein, which was to continue in force until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, ' and from^Jience to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another A Cl passed in Ireland in th^thirty-ninth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, was continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred; and which Acts were by another Act passed in the fortieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and two.

IV. And be it enacted, That an Act passed in Ireland in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trade of rtdifying Spirits, and to prevent Frauds on his Majesty's Revenue by Redifiers of Spirits, which was to continue in force until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act passed in Ireland in the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, was continued in Force until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred, and from thence to the End of the them next Session of Parliament; and which by an Act jpafTed in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, - was continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twrenty-nintji Day of September one thousand eight hundred and two.

V. And be it further enacted, That an Act, passed in Ireland in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the continuing and amending the several Acts for the further Improvement ant/

£ flxtcnfori

A.D. 1801.

r

C. 45.46-

41° GEORGII III.

Exienfum of the Fisheries of the Coasts of this Kingdom; and which by another Act passed in Ireland in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, wa9 continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and two.

VI. And be it enacted, That an Act passed in Ireland in the fortieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the letter Collection of all Duties on Hides and Skins tanned add dressed in Oil, and on Vdjum and Parchment, made in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds on his Majesty's Revenue therein, which was to continue until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and two.

VII. And be it enacted, that an Act passed in Ireland in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and Protection of certain exeifealle Goods therein mentioned, and to prevent Frauds by Dealers in or Retailers of fuel) Goods, which was to continue in force until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thmee to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and two.

VIII. And be it enacted, That an Act passed in Ireland in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures of this Kingdom, which was to continue until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one, shall be, and the same is hereby continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and two.

IX. And be it enacted, That an Act passed in Ireland in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of ami securing the Duties payable on Licences ta Persons engaged in the fevered Trades therein mentioned, end to Hawkers and Pedlars, and the Duties on Playing Cards, and for securing the Expences of distraining for the King's Rents, and for other Purposes, which was to continue in force until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and two.

X. And be it enacted, That an Act passed in Ireland in the fortieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, sfri AH for better regulating the Collection of his Majesty's Revenue, and for preventing of Frauds therein, and for repealing an Act made in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 1 An Act for continuing assd amending several Laws relating to his Majesty's Revenues, and for the more effectually preventing the Frauds therein, and the several AHs and Statutes which are mentioned, to be continued by the said AHwhich Act is to continue in force until the twenty-foilrth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, mall be, and the same is hereby continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and two*

XI. And be it enacted, That an Act passed in Ireland in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting Annuities, in Manner therein provided, to such Persons as shall voluntarily fmbferibe towards raising a Sum not exceeding the Sum of two hundred and sixty-five thousand Pounds; ' which, by several subsequent Acts, was continued in force until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, shall, from and immediately after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, be revived, and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue m full Force and Effect, from and immediately after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, until the twenty-ninth. Day of September one thousand eight hundred and two.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act to render valid all Acts done in Execution of three several Orders of his Majesty in Council relating to Bills of Exchange drawn by Persons in Russia, and to Freight of Raffia, Swedish and Danish Ships.

[20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS his Majesty, by Order in Council, bearing Date the sixteenth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, was pleased to order that.no Bills drawn since the tenth Day of December one thousand eight hundred and one, by or on Behalf of any Persons being Subjects of, or redding within the Dominions of the Emperor of Russia, should be accepted or paid, without Licence from one of his Majesty* Principal Secretaries of State, first had in that Behalf, until further Signification of his Majesty's Pleasurt, or until Provision should be made in resptft thereof by Act of Parliament: And whereas his Mauefly was pleased by another Order in Council, bearing Date the twenty-eighth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, to order that no Person redding within his Majesty's Dominions should presume to pay any Money or Bills due or payable to or on Behalf of any Person or Persons being Subjects or residing within the Dominions of the Emperor of Russia, or of the Kings of Denmark or Sweden, or any of them, for the Freight of Merchandize imported in any Ruffian, Swedish, or Danfh Ship, which should be detained under Embargo, or which should thereafter be brought into any of the Ports of his Majesty's Dominions, until his Majesty's Pleasure should be further known, or until other Provision shall be made by Law: And whereas his Majesty was, by another Order in Council, bearing Date the seventeenth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, pleased to order that the Marshal of the High Court of Admiralty, or his Deputy, should and might receive all Monies due for the Freight of Goods brought by any llufjlan, Swedish, or Danish Ship detained as aforesaid, and also further to order that no Goods should thenceforth be delivered out of any Raffia?, Swedish or Danish Ship detained as aforesaid, until the Freight should be paid to the said Marllial, or his Deputy; and that all Monies received for Freight as, af4Mrefa'dr4»y^ Marshal, or his Deputy,

41 Geo. III. (U.K.)

Oi

should

97

40G. 3. c. 11.

for the Extension of the Fisheries ofthcCoaft3, &c.

40 G. 3. c. 9. for the Collection of the Duties on Hides, Sec.

40 G. 3. c. 6*. for granting Permits for Conveyance of Ex-cil'eable Commodities, Sec.

40 G.}. c. 20. for regulating the Payment of Bounties.

40 G. 3. c. 63. for securing tfcft Duties on Licences, See.

40G.3. c. 43.for regulating the Collection of the Revenue \ and

13 & 14 G. 3. c. 7. [/«/? continued by 40 G* 3. c. 3. §9.] explaining an Act for granting Annuities to certain Subscribori*

Order in Coon«*-cilof Jan. 16*

Jan. 2?#

and Ma.<.h 17, ict, telatingLu oiExi'Uangc dr»\4a in Rufua,

Hid to Freight

o! Ruffian,

«iiih. and Drmib

[General Issue.]

Anions against any Perfuin for Obedience to 4orb Orders made void, and Defendants may plead the

GoubJeCofts.

Defendant? triay apply to the Court to flay Proceedings who shall make Order accordingly, and award pouble Costs#

C. 46, 47. 41° GEORGII III. A.D. 1801.

should forthwith be paid by him into the Bank of England, in his own Name, and in that of the Deputy Marshal, there to remain until his Majesty's Pleasure should be further known, or until other Provision be made by Law in respect thereto: And whereas Actions have been and may be brought against Persons acting

in Obedience to the said Orders, in withholding the Payment of Bills and Monies, and other Demands, and

in respect of Monies paid to the said Marshal and Deputy Marshal: And whereas it is expedient for the

Publick Service that Acts done and to be done in Obedience to such Orders, should be fcndtioned by the Authority of Parliament, and the Persons obeying the same should be protected and indemnified be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Coiifcut of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Personal Actions, or Suits, or Informations, and all Prosecutions and Proceedings whatsoever which have been or shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons for or by Reason of any Act, Matter, or Thing done or forborne to be done in relation to any of such Bills as are therein described, or any Freight not being paid, or of any Contract or Agreement not performed by Reason or Means of or in Obedience to such Orders, be, are, and shall be discharged and made void by virtue of this Act; and that if any Action or Suit shall be prosecuted or commenced agaurst any Person or Persons for or by Reason of any such Act, Matter, or Thing so advised, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, or any such Bill or Freight not paid, or such Contract or Agreement not performed, he, she, or they may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any Action or Suit so to be prosecuted or commeaccd lifter the first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, in that Part of Great Britain calked England, and in Ireland, shall become Nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Dif-continuance, or if a Verdict pass against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendantsihall recover his, her, or their double Costs, for which he, she, or they shall have the like Remedy as in Cases where Costs by Law are given to the Defendant; and if any such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted after the said first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Court* before whom such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted, shall allow to the Defender the Benefit of Discharge and Indemnity hereby provided, and shall further allow to him his double Costs of Suit in all such Cases as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit hath been already commenced against any Person. or Persons for any such Act, Matter, or Thing so done or forborne to be done, on Account of amv such Bill or Freight not paid, or Contract or Agreement not performed, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendants or Defenders in such Actions or Suits respectively, in whatever Courts in Great Britain or Ireland such Actiona or Suits shall have been commenced, to apply to such Court or Courts respectively, to stay all Proceedings* (therein respectively by Motion in a summary Way; and such Court or Courts are hereby required to make Order for that Purpose accordingly; and the Court or Courts making such Order shall award and allow to the Defendant or Defendants respectively double Coils of Suit, for which they shall respectively have the like Remedy as in Cases where the Costs are by Law given to the Defendants or Defenders-

Irish Act, 40 G. 3. c. 67. for jvgulaung the Trade of aDif-tiilor, ScCi re*-<fftd.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to amend and continue until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight luxndred and two, an Act passed in Ireland in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Trade of a Di/liller, and for securing the Duties payable on Homemade Spirits.

[20th June i&oi.J

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Trade of a Di/liller, and for securing the Duties payable on Home-made Spirits, which was to continue in force until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas by the said Act it is enacted, that from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one, no Licence should be granted for the keeping of any Still for diitilling Spirits or Strong Waters

which should not be capable of containing five hundred Gallons; and that, until thj: said twenty-fourth Day of

June, it should be lawful for the Chief Commissioners of his Majesty's Excise in Ireland, or any of them, to

grant Licences for any Stills of a Content not less than two hundred Gallons each: And whereas it may be necessary to allow in Ireland the Use of Stills of a Content not less than two hundred Gallons each, in fuel*

Cases as his Majesty's Chief Commissioners of Excise in Ireland may think expedient;and it is necessary to

continue and amend the said Adi be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with.ihe Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aifem-bled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one, it shall and may be lawful for not less than three of his Majesty's Commissioners of Ex- cife in Ireland to grant any Licence for any Still or Stills of a Content not less than two hundred Gallons each*, to such Person or Persons, and in such Place or Places in Ireland, being Places where Stills may, by the said recited Act, be licensed* as such Commissioners shall think proper, any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

100 Gallons.

t'Keciied Act, arid

IL. And be it enacted, That the said recited Act, so far as the same is not altered by this Act, together*

this Act shall be with this Act, shall continue in Force until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred Enforce till Sept.^6

Prom June 24,

1 So I, three Commissioners of Excise in Iie-land may grant Licences for Stills of a Content not less than

*9, 1802.

A.D. 180r

41° GEORGII IIt. (U.K.)

C 49*

99

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to continue until the twenty*ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and two, and amend the several Laws in Ireland to regulate the iffiiing of Licence* for the Sale of Wine, Ale, Beer, Cider, and Spirituous Liquors by Retail, and for preventing the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors.

[20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing and amending the several laws for regulating the issuing of 1 Licences for the Sale of Wine, Ale, Beer, Cider, and Spirituous Liquors by Retail, and for preventing the itnmo-

derate Use of Spirituous Liquors, which Wao to Continue in force until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and-one, and no longer: And whereas it is expedient to continue and amend the said Act therefore be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, and all the Provisions therein contained, and in the Acts thereby continued, shall be, and are hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and two, except as herein after is otherwise jjrovided.

II. And be it enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of three Weeks from the passing of tills Act, no Person in Ireland shall fell any Spirituous Liquors by Retail on a Sundayr and if any Spirituous Liquors shall he fold on a Sunday, every Person so felling the lame, or on whose Behalf such Spirituous Liquors Audi be so fold, shall forfeit and pay for every Offence the Sum of five Pounds, to he recovered on Conviction before any Justice of the Peace, and to be levied in the same Manner as any Penalty may, by any of the said Acts, be levied by any Justice of the Peace, and such Penalty when levied shall be paid one Moiety to the Use of the Prosecutor, and the other Moiety to the Churchwardens of the Parish in which the Offence shall have been committed, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish.

III. 4 And whereas by an Act made in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty it is

amongst other Things enacted, that, before any Licence for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors by Retail, should be granted to any Person, such Person shall enter into Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the respective Sums therein mentioned, conditioned amongst other Things, that such Person should not fell Spi*

rituous Liquors on a Sunday, before a certain Time therein limited, and which Time hath been further restrained

by the said Act jxifled in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, ' be it enacted, That it shall be a Part of the Condition of every such Bond as aforesaid, that the Person to be licensed shall not fell any Spirituous Liquors by Retail on a Sunday, at whatever Part of the Day the same maV be done, and that all Words by the said Acts, or any of them, directed to be inserted in the Condition of such Bonds, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall no longer be inserted therein, any Thing in the said Acts, or any of them, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP. XLIX.

Irish Act, 40 Geo. 3. cap. 54* for continuing the Laws for regulating the if-luing of Licen ces, Sec. continued till Sept.9, 1802, except as herein provided.

After three Weeks from the parting of tills, Act, no Person in Ireland shall sell Spirituous Liquors by Retail on a Sunday, on Penalty df 5l.

The Bond given under Irish Act 37 Geo. 3. cap. 45. §10, before any Licence be granted shall contain the Condition that the Person licensed shall not fell any Spirits at any Time of the Day on a Sifts*, day.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves soir Offices or Employments in Ireland according to LaW.

[20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS several Persons, well affected to his Majesty's Government and to the United Church of

England and Ireland, have, through Ignorance of tli* Law neglected, or been, by Sickness or other unavoidable Causes, prevented from taking and subscribing the Declaration, and from receiving the Sacra-

ment of the Lord's Supper, and delivering a Certificate thereof, according to the Directions of an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the second Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to prevent the further Growth of Popery; 9 therefore, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Persons, who have incurred any Penalty or Incapacity, in the said recited Act mentioned, by neglecting to qualify themselves according to the said Act, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Penalties, and Forfeitures incurred by Reason of such Omission or Neglect as aforesaid, and that no Act done by any of them; not yet avoided, shall be questioned or avoided by Reason of such Omission or Neglect; but that all such Acts strall be and are hereby declared to be as good and effectual as if such Persons respectively had taken and subscribed the said Oaths, and received the said Sacrament, and delivered the Certificate thereof, and made, repeated, and subscribed the said Declaration at such Time, Place, and Manner as in the said Act is mentioned, any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, That such Person or Persons do and shall take and fabferibe the said Oaths, and ihake, repeat, and subscribe the said Declaration in such Manner and Form, and in such Place or Places respectively, as are directed and apj mated by the said recited Act, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two.

II. Provided always, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained. shall not extend to restore or entitle any Person or Persons to any Office or Employment already actually avoided by Judgment in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, or already filled up by any other Person or Persons; but that such Office vr Employment shall be and remain in thp Person or Persons who is or are now entitled by Law to the feme, as if this Act bad not been made*

02

Irirti Act,

2 Anne, c. 6. Persons neglect* ing to qualify > thenifehes according to the recited Act, shall he indemnified; provided they take the Oaths* and sub-feribo the Declaration thereby appointed, on or before March 25, 1802.

But this Act shall not restore any Person to any OJRce already avoided t by Judgment, or filled up by any other Per-, fou.

CAP. L.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money for defraying the Charge of the Work-house and Foundling Hospital in Dublin, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one; and for amending an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Management, Support, and' Maintenance of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin; and for amending and further continuing an Acly passed in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, ' Act Act for the better Management of the JVorh-house and Foundling Hospital in Dublin/ [20th June 1801.]

*Most Graciou3 Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Brt- tain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, having granted to your Majesty a certain Sum of Money for

defraying the Charge of the Foundling Jrfoipital in Dublin, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one*

do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted/ and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

There (Kali be present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of any Monies granted for the iflucrl from the Supply of the present Year for the Service of Ireland, there shall and may be issued and paid, at the Receipt Insti Exchequer Of^Exchequer in Ireland, to the Governors of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin, any Sum ©ftfie Work-01* or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of thirteen thousand eight hundred and forty-six Pounds three house and Shillings and one Penny Sterling, being fifteen thousand Pounds Irish Currency, for defraying the Charge of Foundling Hof- the said Workhouse and Foundling Hospital, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one. pital in Dublin 13, 846l. 3*. id. Sterling, (being 15, 000l. irish Currency, ) for the Year 1801.

Irijfi Atf, 40 G. 3. C. 33.

§ 3-

Five Governors of the Work-house and Foundling Hof-Vital may, at a Meeting, elodt three others;

and in Case of their Death, Resignation,

&c. others shall in like Manner be appointed in their Stead. Such Govern* non shall be approved of and removable by the Lord Lieutenant.

The Governors may direct 400l.

Currency, to be paid as a Reward to their ©dicers.

II. And whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Management, Support, and Maintenance of the Founding Hospital in Dublin; and for amending and further continuing an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Mrjeflfs Reign, intituled, 1 An Act for the better Management of the Workhoitfc and Foundling Hospital in Dublin/ nine several Persons therein named, together with the Chancellor of his Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland for the Tim© being, were constituted Governors of the said Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin, with such Powers and subject to such Removal as therein specified: And whereas it is expedient that the Number of Governors of the said Workhouse and Foundling Hospital should be increased; wherefore be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governors of the said Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in the said Act named, or any five or more of them, at a Meeting or Meetings to be held for that Purpose, to eieft three other fit and proper Persons to be Governors of the said Workhouse and Hospital; and every such Person shall be so elected, shall be a Governor of the said Workhouse and Hospital, and a Member of the Corporation, and shall from thenceforth have the same Power and Authority in all Matters relating to the said Workhouse and Hospital as any Governor in the said Act named.

III. And, in order to keep up a Number of Governors of the said Workhouse.and Hospital, be it enacted, That, from Time to Time, upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any of the said three Persons who shall be so elected, the other surviving or remaining Governors (five at least being present) shall, at a Meeting Or Meetings to be held for that Purpose, eieft some fit and proper Persons to be a Governor or Governors in the Place and Stead of the Governor or Governors dying, or resigning, or becoming vacant; and every Person who shall be successively elected shall thenceforth have the same Power and Authority as any other Governor of the said Workhouse and Hospital: Provided always, That no Person who shall he elected a Governor, in pursuance of the Powers in this Act, shall be capable of acting as such unless he shall have been approved of by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being; and where such Approbation shall not be made, the Election of such Person shall be void 3 and every Person who shall be elected shall be subject to such Removal as by the said Act is authorized, in respect of the Governors therein named.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governors of the said Workhouse and Foundling Hospital, out of any Funds appropriated by any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore made, or otherwise, for the Maintenance and Support of the said Hospital, to direct any Sum of Money, not exceeding four hundred Pounds Irish Currency, to be paid to any of their Officers or Servants, as a Reward for any Services rendered to the said Workhouse and Hospital.

Portugal Wine imported after May 15* 180 r, directly from Portugal in Ifri-lish Ships, or friendly Vessels however navigated, of in Vessels autho-

CAP. LI.

An Act to permit Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused without Payment of Duties, under certain Restrictions, for a limited Tin>e.

[20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to allow Portugal Wine to be warehoused for a limited Time, and under certain Regulations, on the Importation thereof / be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all such Portugal Wine as shall be imported into the United Kingdom, from and after the fifteenth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and one, directly from Portugal in British Ships, or Vessels belonging to persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, however the same may be navigated, or in Vessels authorized by any Order of his Majesty in Council for that Purpose, into such Ports in the United Kingdom as are mentioned and enumerated in this Act, may, upon the Entry thereof being first duly made with the proper Officers of the Customs and Excise, be landed from on board the Ship or VessdL in which the same shall be imported, and deposited in such Warehouse

IOI

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) C. 51.

or Warehodfes as shall from Time to Time be for that Purpose provided at the Charge of the resp^ft ive Im- med by Order porter or shiporterg, or Proprietor or Proprietors, of such Wine, before the Payment of any Duty, either of in Council, iut© Customs or Excise, thereon, under and subject to the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, in this Act /y^ain contained. behnded

warehoused, before Payment of any Duty.

II. And be it further enacted, That every such Warehouse shall be approved of by the respective Commis- Warehouse*

sioners of the Customs and Excise in England, Scotland, and Ireland, if in London, Leith, or Dublin, and if in ai'*

any other Port or Place, then by the proper Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, and Collectors and Supenrifow of Excise at such Port or Place; and sufficient Bonds or Security, in Double the Value of the Excise, and Duties of Customs payable on the Importation of such Wine in British-built Ships or Vessels, shall be givemto Bonds in Double the Collectors of the Customs, and the like Bond or Security, in Double the Value of the Duty of Excise, to Duties given the proper Officers of Excise, who shall be appointed or employed to take the same in his Majesty's Name

which Bonds or Securities such Collectors and Officers respectively are hereby empowered and required to take, tj^'wine ii°re-that all and every the Duties of Customs and Excise respectively, toavhich such Wine is or may be subject and moved, and liable, shall be duly paid before the same shall be taken from or removed out of any such Warehouse, and within iwoYears within two Years after the Time the same shall be so landed and deposited in any such Warehouse as aforesaid; a, ter landing, and in case the same shall not be taken from or removed out of such Warehouse within such two Years, then that r\*said Duties shall be duly paid at the End of such two Years; such Duties to he computed according to the Gauge of such Wine, to be taken at the Time the same shall be so landed and put into such Warehouses as aforesaid.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Wines shall be landed, without Payment of Duties, Wines ^11

or be warehoused under the Authority of this Act, except at one of the under-mentioned Ports, (that is to say, ) reh^ufeef ex

London, Liverpool, Lancaster, Bristol, Hull, Chester, Colchrjler, Exeter, Plymouth, Southampton, Weymouth, CCj, t at cert'in*Gloucester, Poole, Portsmouth, Great Yarmouth, Lynn, Dover, Newcastle, Falmouth, Dartmouth, Ipswich, New- Ports nor any k.rven, Rochester, Leith, Aberdeen, Greenock, Port Glasgow, Dublin, Drogheda, Dundalk, Newry, Belfast, Galway, allowed the Be-Ltmerick, Lomlonderry, Cork, Waterford, Sligo, New Ross, Youghall, or Wexford; nor shall any Importer or nefit of this A< % Importers, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Wine, which shall not arrivfc at the Port of Importation in ^'ve before °l Great Britain or Ireland respectively before the eighteenth Day of August one thousand eight hundred and one, ^ug. 18, iSor, be allowed the Benefit of this Act, or be permitted to land and warehouse his or their Wine, before Payment of unless (hipt in the Duties, unless the Importer or Importers, or Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, shall make it appear to the Portugal before Satisfaction of the respective Commissioners of the Customs in England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively, as' V*1'

the Case may be, that the Wine which shall be entered for or proposed to be warehoused under the Authority

r, a r* ft 11 i>*r i a , _ »rrr r*i 1u certain

of this Act, was actually and bona fide (nipped in Portugal for Importation into Great Britain or Ireland, on or titics before before the first Day of August one thousand eight hundred and one, nor unless such Importer or Importers, or Nov. i, Proprietor or Proprietors shall aChially land and deposit, before the first Day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, and in one or more Warehouse or Warehouses approved as aforesaid, either in London, or at one of the before enumerated Ports, the Quantities of Wine herein-afttr mentioned, that is to say; if in London not less than two hundred Pipes or reputed Pipes of Portugal Red Wine, or fifty Pipes or reputed Pipes of Portugal White Wine; if at any one of the other before enumerated Ports, except the Ports of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, not less than one hundred Pipes of Portugal Red Wine, or twenty-five Pipes or reputed Pipes of Portugal White Wine.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Importer or Importers, But left than the

Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Wine, to import and deposit in any such Warehouse, any less Quantities Quan-

than are by this Act specified as the Quantities to be deposited by the same Person, provided that the whole^defit-Quantity required by this Act! shall be deposited pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, withm the Period ed, provided the limited by this Act, for the Importation of such Wine: Provided also, That in case the whole Quantity required whole be depo-by this A A shall not be deposited by any such Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, before such sited within the Period as aforesaid, then and in such Cfcfe the frill Duties of Customs and Excise, payable on such Wine, shall be immediately payable and paid; and in case of Non-payment of such respective Duties, the respective Commissioners of Customs and Excise are hereby authorized to fell all such Wine, and apply the Produce of such bt ftld for Pay-Sale ia like Manner as by this Act directed, with respect to Wine that shall remain in any Warehouse the full rmnt of the Du-Time allowed by this Act; any Thing in this Act or any other Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. fie*.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel has arrived, or shall arrive at any Port in Great Vessel? arriving Britain or Ireland, not in this Act enumerated, the said Ship or Vessel may lawfully depart from such Port w, th Wine at.*without Molestation or Hindrance, with any Wine on board intended to be warehoused under the Regulations

of this Act, and carry the same to any Port or Place mentioned and enumerated in this Act, and there enter, ^removt to land, mad deliver any such Wine, under and subject to the Provisions, Regulations, and Restrictions of this one, and there Act. land it.

VI. And be it further enacted, ThaX before any Pipe or Calk of Wine shall be put or deposited in any such Warehouse as aforesaid, the Number and full Content thereof shall, at the Charge of the Importer or Importers, or Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, be cut in the Head of every such Pipe or Calk, under the Inspection and according to the Direction of the proper Officers q£ the Customs and Excise respectively.

VII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, or in anywise alter the Duties ot Package, Scavage, Balliage, or Portage, or any other Duties payable to the Mayor, and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or to the Dord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or to any other City or Town Corporate, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, or to repeal or anywise alter the Jrrifage of Wines, the Duty called Butler age, or to any special Privilege or

Before any Caflt of Wine is warehoused, the Number and Content shall be cut in the Head. Alt shall not alter the Duties oi i'ackage,

lo

C. 51.

41° GEORGII III. (tf.K.) A, l>. t8oi.

Exemption to which any Person or Persons, todies Politick or Corporate, is or are now entitled by Law, blit flic same shall be continued as heretofore.

Vfarehouflrs Vllf. And be it further enacted, That every fitch Warehcmfe shall be secured under the joint Locks of the

A ill be secured Proprietor or Occupier thereof, and of the proper Officer of Excise, if jn Great Britain, or other propA* - Officer, if in Ireland; and that when and so often as the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietor* of^T air)' such Wine, shall have Occarfion or he desirous to examine the State of any such Wine, or to rack* the fame, or perform any other lawful Operation thereou, such Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, upon giving twelve Hours Notice in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise, if in Great Britain, or other proper Officer, if in Ireland, specifying the particular Warehouse, and the Purpose for which lie desires to enter the fame, shall be at Liberty, either by himfdf or any known Servants or Agents, to enter into any such Warehouse, and to examine, or rack qr perform any other lawful Operation on such Wine: Provided, That no Person whatever shall enter or remain in any such Warehouse, except between the Hours of eight in the Forenoon and four in the Afternoon, and except in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, jf in Great Britain, or other proper Officer, if in Inland; and such Officer, upon receiving such Notice as aforesaid, is hereby required to open such Warehouse, and attend the Examination, racking, or other Operation to be performed upon such Wine accordingly: Provided not more than one Warehouse belonging to any such Importer or Importers, or Proprietor or Proprietors, be opened at one and the same Time; any Thing herein to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any Wine shall, in any such Warehouse as aforesaid, have been racked or drawn off from one Pipe or Cask into any other Pipe or Cask, the proper Officer of Excise, if in Great Britain, or other proper Officer, if in Ireland, shall immediately proceed to gauge, ascertain, and take Account of the Content of every such Pipe or Cask, and of the Quantity of Wine contained in the fame; and the Importer or Importers, or Proprietor or Proprietors of such Wine, shall thereupon cut, or cause the Number and Content thereof to be cut, in the Head of every such Pipe or Cask, under the Inspection, and according to the Direction «f such Officer.

Lock* (*f. the Proprietor ind the proper Officer; and the Proprietor flinll have Acrofj tl.e. iio on Notice 10 the Officer, between Certain Hours.

Vet more than one Warcl»ouC<e belonging to the same Proprietor shall be of ned at one Time.

As soon as any such Wine shall be drawn otf into another Calk, the Officer shall take an Account of the Content, and the Proprietors shall rut the Number and Content thereon. Calks of Wine may be filled up from any other of the fanje Kind in Presence of Officer.

Foreign Brandy # for preserving Wine, hiay be deposited in Warehouses with it, in certain Quantities, if accompanied with a Permit,

and of a certain Degree of Strength.

A certain Portion of such Brandy may be mixed with warehoused Wine, in Presence of the Officer.

No warehoused Wine shall be taken out, except in Ireland, in less Quantity than ten Pipes.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Wine so put or deposited in any such Warehouse as aforesaid, at any Time before Payment of Duty for the fame, to cause any Ullage, Pipe, or Cask of Wine, to be filled up in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, if in Great Britain, or other proper Officer, if in Ireland, from any other Pipe or Calk of the same Species of Wine, which shall be then remaining in such Warehouse.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Importer or Importers, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Wine so warehoused as aforesaid, to lodge and deposit in any such Warehouse* at any Time or Times, such Quantity of Foreign Brandy as shall be deemed necessary to preserve or improve the Wine deposited therein, not exceeding in the Whole the Proportion of eight Gallons of such Brandy for each and every Pipe or reputed Pipe of Wine that shall be put or deposited in such Warehouse: Provided always, That all such Brandy shall be accompanied with a regular and authentic Excise Permit, and that the same shall not be of any lower Degree of Strength than that of one to fifteen over Hydrometer Proof.

Duties shall be paid according to the Quantity taken out of Warehouse*, and out of the Duties on the Iftlt Quantity, a Deduction shall Be made equal to the Quantity of Brandy mixed with the Whole.

Commissioners of Caroms and

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Importer or Importers, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Wine so deposited in any such Warehouse or Warehouses as aforesaid, at any Time during which the said Wine may lawfully remain in any such Warehouse, without Payment of the Duty thereon, to mix a certain Portion of such Brandy as aforesaid therewith, not exceeding eight Gallons of such Brandy to each Pipe or reputed Pipe of such Wine: Provided always, That such Mixture be made in the Presence, and taken Account of by the proper Officer of Excise, if in Great Britabi, or other proper Officer, if* in Ireland.

XIII. And be it further, enabled, That no Person or Persons whatever, shall be permitted to receive, remove, or take out of any such Warehouse or Warehouses* except in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, any less Quantity than ten Pipes, or reputed Pipes, of such Wine at any one Time, save and except such Quantity as may happen to remain in any such Warehouse to be last delivered; in which Case it shall and may be lawful for any Person, being legally entitled to the fame, to receive, remove, or take the same from or out &f any such Warehouse, although the Quantity thereof should not, in the Whole, be equal to ten Pipes, or reputed Pipes.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Duties for all Wine, Warehoused. under the Authority of the Act, shall be computed and paid according to the Quantity delivered or taken away from any such WarAoufcv without any Deduction or Abatement for or in respect of any Brandy which may or shall have been mixed with any such Wine, or for or in respect of any Sediment, Lees, Bottoms, or Dregs of Wine or otherwise, any Thing iri this Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, That, out of the Duties of Customs and Excise for the lad Quantity of Wine which shall remain to be delivered from or cut of any such Ware-house, there shall be deducted the Duties on so many Gallons of Wine as shall be £qual to the Quantity of Brandy taken account of by the proper Officer as haying been mixed in his Presence with the whole Quantity of Wine, which, under the Authority and Direction, and according to the Regulations of this Act, shall have hrien put or deposited in any such Warehouse, and mixed with such Wine as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if, on clearing any such Warehouse as aforesaid, it shall appear to th* Commissioners of Customs and Excise respectively* from the Returns or Reports of the Officers of Expife, that*

*.. 1>J6.

A.D. 180'r.

41° GEORGII III. (U.X.)

C. 51'

103

by unavoidable Leekage and Wade, and by Sediment, LeeS, Bottom*, or Dregs of Wine, for which the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors shall refute or decline to pay the Duties, there is an actual Deficiency of the Quantity of Wine deposited in any such Warehouse, according to the Gauge of the respective Officers on thelanding and at the Time of depefiting the Wine in such Warehouse, adding to such gauged Quantity and including therewith the Quantity of Brandy actually and bond side mixed with such Wine as afore-fiiid; that then and in every such Case the respective Commissioners of Customs and Excite shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to set off or allow to the Importer or Importers, or Proprietor or Proprietors of such Wine, a Sum equal to the Amount of the Duties of Customs and Excise respectively, for the Deficiency:

Provided always, That no Allowance shall be made beyond the Deficiency which shall have actual'y and unavoidably happened or occurred through Lcekage or Waste and refused Sediment, Lees, Bottoms, or Dregs of Wine; nor shall any Allowance be made on Account of Leekage, Waite, or refuted Sediment, Lees, Bottoms, or Dregs of Wine, beyond or exceeding the Proportion of five Gallons in every one hundred and forty Gallops of the whole Quantity of Wine, computed upon the Officer's Gauge, that shall have been put or depot iced in any such Warehouse as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any refused Sediment, Lees, Bottoms, or Dregs of Wine, shall remain in any such Warehouse, after all the Duties chargeable-for the Wine shall be paid, or after the Expiration of two Years from the Time such Wine shall have been put or deposited in such Warehouse, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise, and they are hereby required and directed to cause all such Sediment, Lees, Bottoms, or Dregs of Wme«t; o be forthwith thrown away and entirely destroyed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That when the Importer or Importers, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Wine deposited in any such Warehouse as aforesaid, shall be desirous of paying the Duties on such Wine, ^he or they shall give to the Collectors of the Customs and Excise respectively, an Entry in Writing, specifying CustomTand the Number of the Pipes or Casks, and Number of, and also the Quantity of Wine contained in each, for Excise, the par* which he or they shall intend or propose to pay the Duties; and every such Entry, before presented to the said ticulars inWiit-Collectors respectively, shall be countersigned by the proper Officer of Excite, if in Great Britain, or other_n8 lhc Wine proper Officer if in Ireland, who shall be appointed or employed to attend the Warehouse in which the Wine for which the Duty shall be proposed to be paid, shall be put or deposited, and thereupon the respective Collectors aforesaid iludl compute and receive the Duties respectively, and shall, without Fee or Reward, severally grant and give to the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Wine, a Warrant expressing the Numbers of the Pipes or Casks of Wine, and the Quantity of Wine contained in each, and in the Whole, by the

for which the full Duties shall have been paid; and upon the Production of such Warrants, , the proper Officer ing^Ware-cf Excise, if in Great Britain, or other proper Officer, if in Ireland, having Charge of the Warehouse in which the Wine specified in such Warrants shall be lodged -or deposited, shall suffer and allow the same to fie delivered and taken away, and the proper Officer of Excite, if in Great Britain, or other proper Officer, if in Ireland, shall also give and grant to the Person or Persons, entitled to take away and receive such Wine, a regular and authentic Permit for the same.

Excise may allow the Amount of Duties for the Deficiency, by Wade and ic-sused Dregs of the Quantity of Wine ware-lioufed, not exceeding Hcei-lam Proportion.

Dreg* remaining alter ail Duties are paid, or after twa Years !ion> warehouswg the Wine, may be destroyed.

Importers shall give to the Collector of the

for which the Duties are proposed tubepaid, which shall be, previously coun-

house; whereupon the Collectors shall receive the Duty and grant a Warrant for the Quan-

tjty, on .Production of which Warrant a Permit shall be granted.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the proper Officers of the Customs and Excite shall, at all Time*, Officers on giv.

jffon gndng one Hour's Notice to the Proprietor or Occupier of any such Warehouse, be permitted to hpve one Hour 3 free Access and Entry into the fame, and shall also be permitted.to examine, gauge, and tsjke Account of t\\e au°Thnesauke Wine, Brandy, or other Articles, or.Commodities therein. Account of the

Wipe, £cc. in Warehouse.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatever shall Wilfully open, break, force. Penalty of 200l. jut danaage any 'Lock or Lock#, or other Fattening to, or upon any such Warehouse as aforesaid, or shall clandestinely or privately enter or gain Admittance into any such Warehouse, contrary to the Directions and the -tn*e Intent and Meaning of this Act, or without Notice to and without the Consent and Pretence of the proper Officer of .Excise, if in Great Britain, 05 other proper Officer, if in Ireland; or if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall privately or fraudulently embezzle, hide, conceal, remove, carry, or convey away any Wine r Brandy put or deposited in any such Warehouse, or shall carry or convey into or conceal in any such Ware-tkoufe any Water or other Liquor whatsoever, such Brandy as aforesaid excepted, every Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every fjuch Offence, .forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Wine, not being actual Sediment, Lees, Bottoms, or Dregs of Wine, which shall be remaining in any Warehouse, after the End and Expiration of two Years from the Day on which the fame, shall have been first put and deposited therein, shall, under the Direction of the Commil-Eauers of Excite, be pubUckly sold to the best Bidder, for and towards defraying the Duties, Costs, and Charges; and the Proceeds of such Sale shall be applied and paid as follows; that is to say, out of such Proceeds there shall be first paid the Costs and Charges attending the Custody and Sale of the said Wine; secondly, out of the-(aid Proceeds shall be paid to the respective Collectors of Customs so much Money as will be sum-cicat to satisfy the Custom Duties for and in re(ped of such Wine; and thirdly, out of the said Proceeds shall be paid to the respective Collectors of Excise so much Money as will be sufficient to satisfy the Excite Duties for and in respect of such Wine; and lastly, the Overplus (if any be) shall be paid to the Importer or Importers, or Proprietor or Proprietors of such Wine: hut if the Proceeds of the Sale of such Wine shall not, in each and every Case, be nifficient to satisfy the whole Duties, both of Customs and Excise, and also the Costs and Charges of the Custody and Sale thereof, then and in such Case the Amount of such Deficiency shall be satis-fitd and paid by the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Wine.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise respectively, in England\ Scotland, and Jr eland respectively, to forbear, if they shall see

Caule

for opening bocks, clandestinely entering Warehouse*, embezrling Wine or Brandy, or concealing any Water, &c.

Wine remaining more than two Years in Ware-houses shall be sold, and the Proceeds applied to pay the Duties, &c. and i( insufficient, the Deficiency shall be paid by the Importer or Froptietor of the Wine.

Commissioners of the Customs ajul Excise may

104 C. 51, 52* 41° GEORGII III. A.D. 1801.

forl»e*r to put 'Bonds in Suit.

IYnalty of 500l. for forging or altering any Entiy, Warrant, or Permit.

Penalty of 200l. for oh tru<sting Officers in ilic Execution of Ibis A<fi. Recovery and Application of Penalties ref-

JK-rting Excite ^lilies.

Cause so to do, to put in Suit any Bond by this Act directed to be given or entered into, upon such Terms and Conditions as to the said respective Commissioners shall Teem meet.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall counterfeit, forge, or alter, or cause to be counterfeited, forged, or altered, any Entry, Warrant, or Permit, iu any Case in which an Entry, Warrant, or Permit is by this Act required to be used, given, or granted, every Person so offending shall forfeit five hundred Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall refill, oppose, moled, hinder, or obstruct any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, in the due Execution of this Act, every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by this Act, in relation to the Duties of Excise, shall he sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, or Methods as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Law or Lavs of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Biff, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one Moiety of ever)' such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who will inform, discover, or sue for the same.

CAP. LII.

& 40 G.

An Act for declaring what Persons shall be disabled from sitting and voting in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and also for carrying into Effect, Part of the fourth Article of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, by providing in what Cases Persons holding Offices or Places of Profit under the Crown of Ireland, shall be incapable of being Members of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the Said United Kingdom.

[20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Session of Parliament held in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, it was amongst other Things provided, That the said Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland should, upon the First Day of January in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and one, and for ever after, be united into One Kingdom, by the Name of The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and that the said United Kingdom should be represented in One and the same Parliament, to be stiled The Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: And whereas it is expedient fully to declare in what Cases Persons are and shall be disabled from, or incapable of, sitting and voting in the House of Commons of the said Parliament of the said United Kingdom : Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament of the said United Kingdom assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Persons disabled from or incapable of being elected, or sitting and voting in the House of Commons of any Parliament of Great Britain, shall be disabled from and be incapable of being elected, or sitting and voting in the House of Commons of any Parliament of the United Kingdom, as Knights, Citizens, or Burgesses, for any County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town, or Place, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain.

All TVrfons clif-abled from fitting in British Parliaments shall he d: fabled from lilting in

the United Par-

iiaraent ns Member* for Great Iritain.

All Persons disabled from fitting in Irish Parliaments, shall be disabled from lilting fori reland. Person* disabled by British Statutes, shall not hereby be enabled to fit for Ireland.; nor contra.

Petfont who shall boldcer-tainJPlaces in Ireland, shall be diUbJed from

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Persons disabled from or incapable of being elected, or sitting and voting in the House of Commons of any Parliament of Ireland, shall be disabled from and be incapable of being elected, or sitting and voting in the House of Commons of any Parliament of the United Kingdom, as Knights, Citizens, or Burgesses, for any County, City, Borough, Town, or Place, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

III. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act shall he construed to enable Persons, heretofore disabled by any Act of the Parliament of Great Britain from fitting and voting in the House of Commons of Great Britain, to fit or vote in the House of Commons of the said Parliament of the said United Kingdom, as Knights, Citizens, or Burgesses for any County, City, Borough, Town, or Place in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; nor to enable Persons, heretofore disabled by any Acts of the Parliament of Ireland from fitting and voting in the House of Commons of Ireland, to fit or vote in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the said United Kingdom, as Knights, Citizens, or Burgesses, for any County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town, or Place, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain.

IV. 4 And whereas by the said A £1 for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, it was amongst other Tilings f provided, That until an Act shall have passed in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, providing m 4 what Cases Persons holding Offices or Places of Profit under the Crown of Ireland shall be incapable of be-I ing Members of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, 110 greater Number of Members than f twenty holding such Offices or Places as aforesaid, shall be capable of fitting in the said House of Commons of the United Kingdom; be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the Dissolution or other Determination of this present Parliament, no Person or Persons who shall by himself or his Deputy, or any other in Trust for him, or for his Benefit, take, hold, enjoy, or execute, or continue to hold, enjoy or execute, any of the Offices, Employments, or Places of Profit herein after mentioned, in or for that Part of the

A.D. 180r. 41° GEORGII III. (17.Jt)

C. 52.

105

ed Kingdom, vu.

con,; : moner* of Cutfoms, Er* cifc, & Stamp*, Icc.

ExeeptTreasury. Commissioners of Appeal#,

Commissionen of Account#. Army Agent#, Contra&ot#.

United Kingdom called Ireland, shall be capable of being elected or chosen a Member of or of sitting or voting as a Member of the House of Commons of any Parliament of the said United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in any Parliament which shall hereafter be summoned and holden; (that is to say),

No Person who shall be Commissioner of Customs, Excise, or Stamps, or who shall be concerned, direct, or indire#ly, in the farming, collecting, or managing any of the Sums of Money, Duties, or other Aids heretofore granted, or which shall hereafter be granted by any Act of Parliament to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; (except the Commissioners of the Treasury and their Secretary)

Nor any Person who shall be a Commissioner for determining Appeals concerning the said Duties of Customs, Excise or Stamps, or for controuling or auditing the Account of the said Duties; (except the Auditor General of the Exchequer : )

Nor any Person who shall be a Commissioner of Imprest Accounts

Nor any Agent for any Regiment:

Nor any Person who shall direct, or indire#ly, himself, or by any Person whatsoever in Trull for him, or for hi* Use or Benefit, or on his Account, undertake, execute, hold, or enjoy, or continue to execute, hold, or enjoy in the Whole or in Part, any Contract, Agreement, or Commission made or entered into under or from the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, or with any one or more of such Commissioners, or with any other Person or Persons whomsoever, for or on Account of the publick Service in Ireland; or who shall knowingly and willingly fumish or provide, in pursuance of any such Agreement, Contract, or Commission which he or they shall have made or entered into as aforesaid, any Money to be remitted abroad, or any Wares or Merchandize to be used or employed in the Service of the Publick, during the Time that he shall execute, hold, or enjoy any such Contract, Agreement, or Commission, or any Part or Share thereof, or any Benefit or Employment arising from the same (except Persons who shall be Members of any incorporated Trading Company tk>w existing or established in Ireland\ and confiding of more than ten Persons, so far as relates to any Con-tnd. Agreement, or Commission, which now is or shall or may hereafter be made, entered into, or accepted by fadi Company in its Coroorate Capacity, for the general Benefit of such Incorporation or Company)

ATor any Deputies or Clerks in any of the several Offices following: that is to say, the Office of Lord High Deputies or Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury; (except the Secretary of the Treasury 5) or of the Auditor : —

of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, or of the Tellers of the Exchequer, or of the Chancellor of the Exchequer; (except the Secretary of the Chancellor of the Exchequer; ) or of the Commissioners of Stamps, or of the Commissioners of Appeals.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Dissolution or other Determination of this present Parliament, no Person who shall have in his own Name, or in the Name of any Person or Persons in Trust for him or his Benefit, any Office or Place of Profit, from or by the Nomination or Appointment, or by any appointment subject to the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, Lord Deputy, Lord Justices, or other Chief Governor or Governors of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland\ created or ere#ed at any Time after the passing of an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for securing the Freedom and Independence of the House of Commons y by excluding therefrom Persons holding any Offices under the Crown to he hereafter created\ or holding*'certain Offices therein enumeratedy or Pensions for Terms of Tears, or during his Majesty's Pleasurey shall be capable ot being ele#ed or chosen a Member of, or of fitting or voting as a Member of the House of Commons of any Parliament of the said United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in any Parliament which JhaD hereafter be summoned and holden.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person hereby declared to be disabled from, or rendered incapable of fitting or voting in the House of Commons, shall nevertheless be ele#ed or returned as a Member to serve in Parliament for any County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town, or Place, in any Part of the said United Kingdom, such Elc#ion or Return are hereby enacted and declared to be void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and if any Person or Persons so hereafter ele#ed or returned, and decla.ed to be disabled or to be rendered incapable by this Act to be ele#ed, shall presume to fit or vote as a Member of the said House of Commons, such Person or Persons so fitting or voting shall incur such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are in-lb#ed or imposed by the several Acts of Parliament, heretofore passed in Great Britain or Ireland for disabling or incapacitating such Persons from fitting in the Parliaments of Great Britain or Ireland respectively; and if Or if disabled such Person or Persons shall be disabled or incapacitated by the having, holding, or accepting of any Office,

Employment, or Place of Profit, in this Act enumerated and particularized, then and in such Case such Person*D^c, f^or persons so fitting nr voting, shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds for every Day in which he shall fit or vote in the said House 5 to be recovered by such Person as shall sue for the same in any Court of Record in any Part of the said United Kingdom, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign,

Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, and only oiie Imparlance.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act shall, during the Continuance of this present Parliament, extend or be conftmed to extend or relate to, or shall exclude or disable, any Person or Persons holding Offices or Places of Profit under the Crown of Ireland; so nevertheless, that no greater Number than twenty of the Persons holding such Offices or Places as aforesaid, shall be capable

fitting in the said House of Commons; and so that no Person holding any such Office or Place shall be capable of being elc#ed, or of fitting in the said House, while there are twenty Persons holding such Offices or Places btung in the said House.

ExceptMemherf ol'TradingCom-panies, a* such.

Clerks in certain Offices.

Persons holding new Place* under the Lot d Lieutenant shall' in future be disabled.

33 G. 3, c. 4r.

DifabJedPerfortt presuming to fit in Parliament (bail incur the Penalties under former British or Irish Ad*.

AA shall not extend(dui ing this Parliament) to Person* holding such Office? ur Places; but n more than 20 fuc h Person# shall fit.

VIII.

Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act shall extend or J£1,*

be construed to exclude any Person having or holding any Office, Place, or Employment for Life, or for so ^dd for Life or lor.g a* he shall behave himself well in his Office (other than and except the Commissioners of Imprest Ac- duringgyod be. 41 Geo. III. (U* K.J P counts, haviour, except

io6

in certain Cafe?.

Memberaccept* in& any Office w hatever from the King, or Lord Lieutenant, 5c c. of Ireland, shall \ at ale his Seat.

39 & 40 G. 3.

c. 66. [§ 2.]

Mayors, See. may appoint proper Places for examining Raw Bides, whether they ftull be within Cities, &c. or not.

So much of §3 and 14 of recited Act as requires the Recommendation oflnfpec-lors, and the Approbation of the Distribution of Penalties to be liy fix Tanners, 5cc. repealed; and from Aug.r, 1801, Shoemakers, See. may be joined with Tanners, See. for those Purposes.

No Recommen-dation of any Inspector, nor Approbation in relation to Penalties shall begood, unless three Tanners, &c. join therein. From Aug. 1, fSoi, Fines im-jyjfed by §4 of recited A«f>, for wilfully or cure-lessly cutting Raw Hides, See. shall not exceed certain Sums.

Persons not liable to Penalty for Haying of Hides not mare than

C. 52, 53. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

counts, and all Persons concerned in the managing, collecting, or farming of any Sums of Money, Duties, or ether Aids-granted or to be granted to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors) 5 any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Provided always, That if any Person being chosen a Member of the House of Commons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, accept of any Office of Profit whatever, immediately and directly from the Crown of the said United Kingdom, or by the Nomination or Appointment, or by any other Appointment subject to the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, Lord Deputy, Lord Justices, or other Chief Governor or Governors of that Part of the said United Kingdom called Irelnndy his Seat shall thereupon become vacant, and a Writ shall issue for a new Election: Provided nevertheless, That such Person (if he be not incapacitated by any Thing herein-before contained, ) shall be capable of being again elected to be a Member of the House of Commons for the Place for which he had been a Member, or for any other Place fending Members to the House of Commons.

CAP. LIII.

An A<d to explain and amend an Act passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal so much of an Aciy passed in the second Tear of King James the Fifty as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof [20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain Provisions of an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth ' Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the second Tear of King James the Fifty as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoesy and for better*preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof \ Should be explained and amended; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent' Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for any Mayor, or other Person or Persons authorized by the said recited Act to choose and appoint any proper Place or Places for the examining and inspeding Raw Hides and Skins under the Provisions of the said recited Act, to choose and appoint any Place or Places within any Dillrid ascertained and fixed under the said recited Act or this Act, whether such Place or Places shall be within any City, Town Corporate, Borough, or Market Town, or not; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as requires that any Recommendation of any Person or Persons as proper to be appointed Inspector or Inspectors under the said recited Act, or any Approbation or Consent in relation to the Distribution of the Produce of any Penalties, to be by fix or more Persons, being either Tanners, Curriers, or other Persons manufacturing or dealing in the Manufactory of Leather, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the first Day of August one thousand eight hundred and one, it shall be lawfid for any Shoemakers, Sadlers, or other Persons worlungjor dealing in Leather, not being Journeymen or Apprentices, or Persons working with or for any Shoemaker or Worker in Leather for Hire, and who shall be then residing and carrying on such Trade or Business within any City, Liberty, Borough, or Market Town, or the Dillrid thereof respectively, and who shall, in Manner directed by the said recited Act, have delivered in Writing their respective Names and Places of Abode, and Occupations in working or dealing in Leather, to join with any Tanners, Skinners, Curriers, or other Persons manufacturing of Leather, and authorized to recommend any Person or Persons as proper to be appointed In-spedors under the said recited Act, in the recommending Persons proper to be appointed Inspector or Inspectors of Raw Hides and Skins in any Place or Places under the said recited Act, and also to join in the giving any Consent or Approbation in relation to the Distribution of any Penalties in Manner by the said recited Act directed; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That no Recommendation of any Persons proper to be appointed Inspectors under the said recited Act or this Act, shall be good or of any Avail, unless three Tannlrs, Skinners, Curriers, or other Persons manufacturing Leather, at the least, shall join in such Recommendation; nor shall any such Consent or Approbation of any Shoemaker, Sadler, or other Person working or dealing in Leather as aforesaid, in relation to any such Penalties, be taken, or be good or of any Avail, unless three at the least of the Tanners Skinners, Curriers, or other Persons manufacturing of Leather, within any such Dillrid as aforesaid, shall join in such Consent or Approbation.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand eight hundred and one, no Fine or Penalty by the said recited Act imposed for the wilful or negligent or carclcfs cutting* galhing, or Hawing any Raw Hide or Skin of any Ox, Bull, Cow, Heifer, Steer, or Stirk, in the Flaying thereof, or flaying the same below the Knee or Gambrell, shall exceed the Sum of five Shillings, and no Fine* or Penalty by the said recited Act imposed for the wilful or negligent or careless cutting, gaihing, or flawing any Raw Hide or Skin of any Calf, in the Flaying thereof, or flaying the same below the Knee or Gambrell, shall exceed the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence, and no Fine or Penalty by the said recited Act imposed* for the wilful or negligent or careleis cutting, gashing, or flawing any Raw Hide or Skin of any Horse, Mare* or Gelding, in the Flaying thereof, shall exceed the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand eight hundred and one, no Butcher, or other Person shall be liable to any of the Penalties or forfeitures by the said recited Act or this Act imposed, for the flaying of any Hide of any Ox, Bull, Cow, Heifer, Steer, Stirk, or CalF

A.D. 180t. 41° GEORGII III.

C. 53, 54. 107

below the Knee or Gambrell, in any Case where such Hide shall not be flayed more than two Inches below the Knee or Gambrell of any such Ox, Bull, Cow, Heifer, Steer, Stirk, or Calf; any Thing in the said recited Act or this Act, contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of Auguf one thousand eight hundred and one, every Butcher or other Person required by the said recited Act to bring any Raw Hides or Skins to any Place appointed by the said recited Act for the examining or inspeding Raw Hides and Skins in pursuance of the said recited Act, shall bring every such Raw Hide or Skin to such Place ip Manner by the said recited Act prescribed, within ten Days from the Time of Flaying thereof; and if any such Butcher or other Person shall wilfully neglect or omit to bring any such Raw Hide or Skin to such Place, within such Period as aforesaid, he shall be subject to and shall forfeit and pay the Penalties and Forfeitures by the said recited Act imposed on Persons wilfully neglecting or omitting to bring Raw Hides or Skins to any such Place, pursuant to the Provisions of the said recited Act.

two Inches below the Knee.

Raw Hides shall be brought for Examination within ten Days from being flayed, on Penalty imposed by rc-t/ited Ail.

[§ 10.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of Auguf one thousand eight hundred and one, so much of the said recited Act as relates to the Distribution of the Whole of any Penalty or Forfeiture, or Penalties or Forfeitures, by the said recited Act inflicted and imposed, to any such Inspectoror Inspectors, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the first Day of August one thousand eight hundred and one, in lieu and instead thereof, one Half only of all such the Penalties and Forfeitures as are by the said recited Act given to any Inspector or Inspectors, shall go and be paid to the Inspector or In-spedors intitled thereto; and the other Half thereof shall go and be applied for the better carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, in Manner by the said recited Act directed: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent the rewarding any Inspector or Inspectors, in Manner by the said recited Act directed, with any Proportion of such other Halt Part of such Penalty or Penalties, or any Sum of Money arising therefrom.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand eight hundred and one, every Information made under the said recited Act for wilfully, negligently, or carelessly cutting, flaw* ing, or gashing any Raw Hide or Skin, shall be made under the said recited Act and this Act, within three Days after such Raw Hide or Skin, in respect whereof any such Information shall be made, shall have been in-speded; and that it shall be lawful for any Inspector or other Person to lay any other Information for any other Offence committed against the said recited Act or this Act, at any Time within fourteen Days after any such Offence shall be committed; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand eight hundred and one, all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, Matters, and Things, in the said recited Act and this Act contained, relating to the examining and inspeding any Raw Hides or Skins, shall extend and be construed to extend and be put in force as to all Raw Hides and Skins flayed in Great Britain, that shall be brought or found within the Limits of any District ascertained under the said recited Act, without Reference to whether any such Hides or Skins shall have been flayed within the Limits of any such District or not.

§ 3 of recited Act, which gives the Whole Penalty tolnfpec-tors repealed; Penakicsthall be distributed as herein mentioned.

Information for gashing Raw Hides, shall be made within three Days; for other Offences within 14 Days. [See §18 of rc-cited Ad}.]

Recited Act and this shall extend to all RawHidet flayed in Great Britain, found within the several Distrtfts, whether flayed within them or not.

X. And be it further enacted, That if it shall be made out by the Oath of any credible Person or Persons, to the Satisfaction of any Magistrate or Magistrates, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, that any Person, whether living within or out of the Jurisdiction of such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is likely to give or offer material Evidence on Behalf of the Prosecutor of any Offender or Offenders against the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act or this Act> or on Behalf of the Person or Persons accused, and will not voluntarily appear before such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, to be examined and give his, her, or their Evidence concerning the Premises, every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby authorized and required to issue his or their Summons to convene every such Witness and Witnesses, before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, at such seasonable Time as in such Summons shall be fixed, although such Person shall not at the Time of such Summons be within the Jurisdiction of such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices; and if any Person so summoned shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time by such Summons appointed, having no just Excuse to offer for such Neglect or Refusal, he or she shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum ot forty Shillings, to be recovered as any other Penalty may be recovered under the said recited Act or this Act, and be applied towards carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act: Provided always, That no Person shall be obliged to travel by reafion of such Summons more than fix Miles.

Magistrates may summon Wit-neflfes though they shall not be within their Jurisdi<ftion; Witnesses not appearing shall forfeit 40a. but) shall not be obliged to travel more than fix Miles.

CAP. LIV.

An Act to continue until the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and two, an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the IJJe of Man, and for improving the Revenue thereof; and also to repeal and amend certain of the Provisions of the said Act.

[20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS a Report has been made, in consequence of a Commission from his Majesty for the Purpose of obtaining Information, respecting the Isle of Man; And whereas for the Purpose of carrying

into Execution some of the Regulations therein recommended, until such Report could be more fully considered, an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the 38 G. 3. c.

further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, for improving the Revenue thereof and

P 2*for

io8

continued till July iSo2)

except where hereby altered.

} to of recited Act repealed. The Collector, 4c c. of Douglas may receive Applications for Importation of licensed Goods from any Subjects of his Majesty, and shall transmit a Copy of such Applications, speci tying the Resident and Kon-resident Applicants, to the Governor, Sec. of thelfland, who shall first allot to the Red-dents, and then the Residue to the Non-re(x-dents; and the Commissioners of the Customs being authorized fcy the Treasury, shall grant Licences for such Importation accordingly.

The Treasury may allow Prize Spirits and Wine to be imported into the Island.

Bond shall be taken by the Collector, See. of Douglas, from the Per ions licensed, in the Manner herein directed.

39 4c 40 G. 3.44-

C. 54, 55. 41° GEORGII III. (17.K.) A.D. 1801.

for the more eflefiual Prevention of Smugghng to and from the said Island; which is now about to expire: And whereas it is expedient, that until Parliament can take the said Report under their Consideration, further tern-

porary Encouragement and Relief should be continued to the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, at

well as Regulations made for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island; and for

that Purpose the said recited Act should be continued and amended: be it therefore enacted by the King'* most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, the said recited Act, and all the Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, Matters and Things, therein contained, shall be, and the same are hereby continued until the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and two, as if the said Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things, were severally and separately re-enacted in this Act $ save and except as any such Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, Matters, and Things are repealed or amended by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as limits the Collector and Comptroller of Douglas in the said Island from receiving Applications for Importation of licensed Goods from others than the Inhabitants thereof, and which requires the said Collector and Comptroller to transmit to the Commissioners of Customs a Copy of the Entries of the said Applications, shall he and the same is hereby repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance thereof, it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's Subjects to make Application in Writing to the Collector and Comptroller of Douglas for the Importation into the said Island of the several Articles allowed by Law to be imported by virtue of Licence, on complying with the Terms and Conditions specified in the said recited Act; and the said Collector and Comptroller shall make out and transmit a Copy of such Applications to the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of the said Island for the Time being, specifying therein the Applicants resident and the Applicants not resident in the said Island, and such Governor or Lieutenant Governor shall thereupon allot the whole Quantities of each Article, in respect whereof such Application shall be made, in the first Place among the Applicants resident in the said Island; and in case the Whole of such Quantities shall not have been applied for by Residents, then the Residue among the Non-resident Applicants, in such Proportions as he shall judge most fair and equitable; and shall cause a Report thereon to be drawn up in Writing, and sign and transmit the same to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, to issue their Orders to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Custoim in England and Scotland respectively to grant Licences (to continue in force for any Period not exceeding twelve Months from the fifth Day of July next ensuing the passing of this Act), for the Importation of the several Articles and Quantities thereof, allowed by Law to be imported into the Isle of Man; which Licences the said respective Commissioners of Customs are hereby authorized and required to grant for such Periods as shall be specified or allowed in any such Order, and to divide any Quantity of any Articles, in respect whereof any Application shall have been made, into two or more Licences to the same Person, where Application shall be made for that Purpose, and the same shall appear to be expedient; and such Licences shall without Delay be transmitted to the Collector and Comptroller of Douglasv for the Purpose of taking Bond as is herein after directed, previous to the Delivery thereof to the different Applicants, any Act or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to allow Prize Spirits and Wine to be imported into the said Island from Great Britain, in Whole or in Part of the Quantities of the said Articles which are allowed to be imported by Licence as aforesaid; any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That previous to delivering any Licences to the Persons who have applied for the fame, the Collector and Comptroller of Douglas shall take their Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with sufficient Security for the Importation of such Articles, in respect whereof the said Licences are granted, on or before the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and two, with such Condition for the Forfeiture of any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the whole Amount of the Duties on the Articles specified in the said Licences, as the respective Commissioners of Customs, under any Directions from the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, shall think fit; and on the Refusal or Delay, such Persons applying for Licences as aforesaid to give Bond as herein directed, the said Collector and Comptroller shall return such Licence to the Commissioners of Customs, who transmitted the fame* and thereupon the said Collector and Comptroller shall give publick Notice thereof, in order that other Persons may apply for Licences in lieu of any such Licences returned as aforesaid, and Applications may be made* and Licences granted thereon, in like Manner as is in this Act directed for the first granting of Licences; any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LV.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, so much of an Act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants

of Militia, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament, and to amend the said Act, [20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Allowances granted by an Act passed in the thirty-ninth and for- V\ tictli Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting, until the twenty fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant-Major/, and Ser-

3 'j cants

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K'.) C. 55, 56.

jeanis- of MiHtia, Jifembodied wider an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled\ 4 An Act for enabling his Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers from the Militia, under certain Restrictions,

should be revived and continued be it therefore enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afi. sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and the Allowances therein granted and mentioned, and all the Provisions relating thereto, shall be revived from the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, and continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two; and that all such and the like Allowances as would have been payable and paid unto any Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants, if the said Act and Allowances had been continued by any Act of Parliament before the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, shall be payable and paid, and all Arrears thereof fully satisfied, in like Manner in every Respect as if this Act had passed before the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one.

II. And be it further enacted, That every reduced Adjutant, entitled to any Allowance under this Act, may receive and take such Allowance, together wdth the Pay of any such other Commission, or any such other Allowance or Emolument as is allowed to be held or received by any Adjutant of any Militia raised and serving under an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and reducing into one Act of Parliament the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, together with any Pay or Allowance to which he may be entitled as such Adjutant: Provided always, That no such reduced Adjutant shall be entitled to receive any Allowance under this Act, during the Time he shall hold any Office of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, other than such as aforesaid.

CAP. LVI.

An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace.

[20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make some Addition to the Pay of certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia Forces in England, who have served during the present War, after the disembodying of the said Forces, and during Peace, under certain Regulations; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from ana after the disembodying of the Militia Forces in England, certain Annual Allowances, over and above the Pay to which during Peace they are now by Law entitled, shall for the future be allowed and paid to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, of the Descriptions, to the Amount, under the Restrictions, and in the Manner herein after expressed 5 (that is to say, ) to every Subaltern Officer of the Militia, who, having, at any Time previous to the Expiration of four Months from the passing of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace, been appointed to a Commission in the Militia, is now serving and shall continue faithfully to serve in the same Corps, until the disembodying thereof, the following Annual Allowances, over and above the Pay to which they may be by Law entitled during Peace, shall be allowed and paid without any Deductions of any Kind, or for any Purpose whatsoever; (that is to say, ) to a Lieutenant twenty-five Pounds far Annum, and to an Ensign twenty Pounds per Annum, in the Manner herein after mentioned.

may be entitled

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who is or shall at any Time Hereafter become poTefled of such an Estate or Income, as would by Law qualify him to hold a Captain's Commission in tht? Militia, or who is or shall at any Time hereafter be appointed Adjutant or Battalion Clerk in any Regiment or Corps of Militia, nor any Person deriving in any Way whatsoever, otherwise than as a Subaltern Officer of the Militia, any Income, Stipend or Allowance whatever from the Publick, nor any Officer on the Full or HalF Pay of the Navy, Army, or Marines, who shall also hold a Subaltern's Commission, and serve as aforesaid in the Militia, shall have or be in any wise entitled to the said Annual Allowances, or any Part or Share thereof j zz.y Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers of the Militia, who shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive either of the said Annual Allowances, shall, previous to receiving the fame, and ri order to entitle themselves thereto, annually take and subscribe an Oath before some one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place, to which the Regiment or Corps in which they serve shall belong, in the Words or to the Effect following*(videlicet, )

4 T A. £. do swear. That I am now serving as a Subaltern Officer in the

4*Regiment [or Corps] of Militia, and that I am not in my own Right, or in Right of my Wife, nor

have been since the disembodying of the said Regiment [or Corps,] in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of such an Annual Value above Reprizes, as would qualify me to hold a Captain's Commission in the Militia; that I am not, nor have been, since the disembodying of the said Regiment [or Corps], an Adjutant or Battalion Clerk in any Re-

pment [or Corps] of Militia; that I do not hold or enjoy, nor have I held or enjoyed, nor does or has any rerson for me hold or enjoy, or held or enjoyed, since the disembodying the said Regiment [or Corps,]

any Office or Income whatsoever from the Publick; and that I am not entitled either to the Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Army, or Marines, nor have been since the disembodying of the said Regiment [or Corps.]

'So help me God.'

Which

109

Recited Act revived from March 2 s, i"oi, and continued till March 25,

1 $02; and Arrears of Allowance* shall be paid.

Reduced Adjutants entitled to any Allowance under this Act, may receive the same, with such Pay or Emoluments a*5 are allowed to be received by

26 G. 3 c. 107.

After disembodying the Mtti- tin, all Subal-.terns (appointed within Month* after patting Stat-39 & 40 G. 3. c. 75, and continuing in force till* the disembodying, ) shall have certain Annual Allowances ovet: the Pay they [ to during Peace*

Exceptions*

Subalterns fllall take the following

Oath.

Justircs shall transmil Oath* to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County. Subalterns shall attend the Annual Exercise, on Pain of forfeiting the Allowance and their Pay.

Certificate of such Attendance shall be trans-mittedby the Commanding Officer to the Lieutenant and Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County. In case of Leave of Absence, the Reason for granting it shall be inserted in the Certificate, which must also be sent to the Secretary of State.

If Militia be not called out to Annual Exercise, the Subalterns shall still be entitled to the Allowance.

Allowances shall be paid without Deduction.

Subalterns not attending when called upon shall forfeit their Claims; and be considered as having resigned.

Allowances shall be paid by Receivers Genet al on Production of Certificates.

Subalterns may receive Pay for attending Annual Exercise, but shall not be entitled to the Allowance while the Militia is embodied.

Which Oath, so taken and subscribed, shall be by the said Justice forthwith certified and transmitted, and he is hereby required to certify and transmit the same to the Receiver General of the Land Tax of the County, Riding, or Place, to which the Regiment or Corps of Militia in which such Subaltern Officer shall be then serving shall belong, to be by him filed and preferred for the Purposes herftn-after mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Subaltern Officer of the Militia who shall be entitled, or claim to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall regularly attend the Annual Exercise and Training of the Regiment or Corps to which he belongs, during the Whole of the twenty-eight Days by Law required for that Purpose, and shall, during the said Time, punctually do and perform his Duty as a Subaltern Officer of such Regiment or Corps, on rain of forfeiting the said Annual Allowance as well as the rest of his Pay, and every Part thereof which maybe due for the current Year, in which he shall neglect orrefufe to attend; and Certificates of his having so attended and performed his Dutyr, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Corps to which he may belong, shall be transmitted by the said Commanding Officer to the Lieutenant and Receiver General of the Land Tax of the County, Riding, or Place, to which the said Regiment or Corps of Militia, in which such Subaltern Officer shall be then serving shall belong, to be by the said Receiver General received previous to any such Subaltern Officer being entitled to demand or receive the said Annual Allowance or any Part thereof; and in case any such Subaltern Officer, claiming to be entitled to such Annual Allowance, shall by his Commanding Officer be permitted or suffered, for any special Cause or unavoidable Necessity, to be absent during the Whole or any Part of such Annual Exercise, (in which Case it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer to grant such Leave of Absence, and for such Subaltern Officer who may be so permitted to be absent, to demand and receive the said Annual Allowance, and every Part thereof, in like Manner as if he had attended during the Whole of the said Annual Exercise, ) the Reasons for such Absence, as well as the Duration thereof, shall be carefully and truly specified in the Certificates before mentioned, signed by the Commanding Officer, to be transmitted as soon as conveniently' may be to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place, to which the Regiment or Corps shall belong, to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the same County, Riding, or Place, and to his Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment or Corps of Militia, after the disembodying thereof, at any Time, shall not be called out for the Annual Exercise and Training thereof, every Subaltern Officer belonging to any such Regiment or Corps, and coming within the Descriptions of this Act, who shall have taken and subscribed the Oath herein-before mentioned, before any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the said Annual Allowance, as if such Subaltern Officer had regularly attended the Annual Exercise and Training of such Regiment or Corps during the Whole of the twenty-eight Day's by Law required for that Purpose, and a Certificate of such Attendance, signed by the Commanding Officer of the said Regiment or Corps, had been transmitted to the Lieutenant and Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Regiment or Corps belong, according to the Directions of this Act; any Thing contained in this Act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, upon such Certificates as aforesaid of such Justice of the Peace and Commanding Officer as aforesaid, or (where any Regiment or Corps of Militia shall not have been called out to their Annual Exercise, as aforesaid) upon a Certificate of any such Justice of the Peace only being produced to or received by the respective Receivers General of the Land Tax, it shall and may be lawful for such Receivers General, and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to the said Subaltern Officers, according to* their respective Gemmissions of Lieutenant or Ensign, the Annual Allowance above mentioned, in Addition to their Pay, without any Deduction whatsoever, out of any Publick Monies in their Hands, and to charge the same in their respective Annual Accounts of Money disbursed for the Use of the Publick; the Certificates before mentioned to be by them preserved and produced among the Vouchers for the Payments from Time to Time made by them in pursuance of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers of the Militia, entitled or claiming to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall at all Times be liable to serve in the respective Regiments or Corps to which they belong, whenever the same shall be embodied, and called out upon actual Service; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to attend when called upon, or in case any such Subaltern Officer shall a second Time neglect or refuse to attend, and perform his Duty at the Annual Exercise as before directed, each and every such Subaltern Officer shall forfeit his and their Claim to the said Annual Allowance, and cveiy Part thereof, in all Time to come, and shall also be considered as having resigned and vacated his and their Commission and Commissions to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Annual Allowances shall be paid to the Persons ref-peftively entitled thereto, by the Receivers General of the Land Tax, upon the Production of the before mentioned several Certificates, as soon after the Times of the Annual Exercise and Training as may be convenient and practicable: Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any Subaltern Officer entitled to the Benefit of it, from receiving the Pay allowed by Law for his Attendance at such Annual Exercise as before mentioned, over and above the said Annual Allowance: Provided also, That nothing irt this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to entitle any Subaltern Officer as aforesaid to the said Annual Allowance, or any Part thereof, during the Time the Regiment or Corps to which he belongs shall be embodied or called out on actual Service: Provided also, That this Act, and the Benefits and Allowances therein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to more than ten Lieutenants in any Regiment consisting of more than ten Companies; to more than nine Lieutenants in any Regiment consisting of more than eight and less than eleven Companies; to more than eight Lieutenants

2.i*

A.D. 1801.

in

41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) C. 56, 57.

in any Regiment consisting of more than fix and less than nine Companies 5 to more than five Lieutenants in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, consisting of fix or of a less Number of Companies.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of the Militia, at the Time of disembodying thereof, there shall happen to be a greater Number of Lieutenants, coming within the Description of this Act, than can be entitled to claim the Benefits thereof within the true Intent and Meaning of the foregoing Proviso, the Senior Lieutenants of such Number shall always be preferred, and shall be alone C itJtled to demand and receive the above-mentioned Allowances, and that the Junior Lieutenants shall succeed to such Allowances in Rotation as Vacancies mav happen among the said Senior Lieutenants from Time to Time.

Allowance shall extend only to a certain Number. Senior Lieutenants shall have the Preference, and the Junior to succeed on Vacancies.

26 G. 3. c. 107, recite d.

gether with any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, and on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of any such Lieutenant, any five or more Deputy Lieutenants, may, at the End of every five Years, at their

Annual Meetings to be holden as in the said Act mentioned, in case the Militia of such County, Riding, or Place, shall not be then embodied, discharge a certain Number of Officers for the Purposes and in the Manner in the said Act mentioned: And whereas it is not expedient that the Powers so given by the said recited Act

should extend to Subaltern Officers coming within the Description and entitled to the Benefits of this Act

be it therefore enacted and declared, That nothing in the said recited Act contained shall extend, or be construed Powers of re-

to extend, to empower the Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants, of any County, Riding, or Place, to discharge cjted lor

any such Subaltern Officers as are or may be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, according to the true Intent <juYhaiguig Or-and Meaning thereof or any of them.'"y five

Years shall not extend to Subalterns entitled to Allowances.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in Force until the twenty-fifth Day of March Continuance of one thousand eight hundred and two, and no longer. this Act.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for the better Prevention of the Forgery of the Notes and Bills of Exchange of Persons carrying on the Business of Bankers.

[20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to prevent the Crime of Forgeiy in all Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prt sent Parliament aflem-hled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons, in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from and after the tenth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, shall make' or cause or procure to be made, or know ingly aid or assist in the making or using, of any Frame, Mould, or Part of any Frame or Mould, for the making of Paper, with the Name or birm appearing visible in the Substance of the Paper, of any Person or Persons, Body Corporate, or other Banking Company or Partnership, carrying on the Business of Bankers, without an Authority in Writing for that Purpose from such Person or Persons, Body Corporate, or other Banking Company or Partnership, or from some Person or Persons duly authorized to give such Authority; or shall manufacture, make, vend, expose to sale, publifti or dispose of, or cause or procure to be tnamifadured, made, vended, or exposed to sale, published or disposed of, any Paper having the Name or Firm, appearing visible in the Substance of the Paper, of any Person or Persons, Body Corporate, or other Banking Company or Partnership whatsoever, carrying on the Business of Bankers; or if any Person or Perloiu v ithout such Authority, shall by any Art, Means, Mystery, or Contrivance, cause or procure, or shall knowingly i l or assist in causing or procuring the Name or Firm of any Person or Persons, Body Corporate, or other Bank-: g Company or Partnership carrying on the Business of Bankers, to appear visible in the Substance of the Paper whereon the same shall be written or printed, ever)' Person or Persons (o offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, a .d being convicted thereof according to Law, shall for the first Offence be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding two Years nor less than lix Months, and for the second Offence be transported to any of his Majesty's CA> ucs or Plantations for the Term of seven Years.

Pir m tie, eon the same shall be written or printed, he shall be imprisoned for the first Offence ( from two Years to fix Montis; ) and for

seven Yca.s.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from and after the said tenth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, shall engrave, cut, etch, ferape, or by any other Means or Device make, or shall cause or procure to be engraved, cut, etched, feraped, or by any other Means or Device made, or shall knowingly aid or assist in the engraving, cut-t: g, etching, feraping, or by any other Means or Device making, in or upon any Plate whatsoever, any l\ill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note for the Payment of Money, or Part of any Bill of Exchange, Bruin Jury Note, or other Note for the Payment of Money, purporting to be the Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note for the Payment of Money, of any Person or Persons, Body Corporate, Banking Company r r Partnership carrying on the Business of Bankers, without an Authority in Writing for that Purpose from such Bcrfon or Persons, Body Corporate, Banking Company or Partnership, or some Person or Persons duly authored to give such Authority; or shall use any such Plate so engraved, cut, etched, feraped, or by any other Means or Device made, or shall use any other Device for the making or printing any such Bill of Exchange,

Pro mu lory Note, or other Note for the Payment of Money, without such Authority in Writing as aforesaid; er if any Person or Persons shall, after the said tenth Day of July 011c thousand eight hundred and one, without such

After July 10, 1801, if any Person shall make or use any Frame or Moukl for making Paper, with the Name or Firm of any 'Bankers appearing in the Substance of the Pjpi r, without a written Au-thoi itv for that Pui pole, or shall make or wml such Pa pci, cr t. use such Name or Firm to appear in tie Substance of the the fe unci tr.mf-

The liki IVnifti-

ment on any Pei ion who shall without Authority engrave, & a* any Bill or Note ut any Banker, or use am i'late so ('graved, or any Dm it e for niah tin, or pi inting fu*. h Bill or Note, or shall knowingly have flu h Plate, &<. in hi'. C udobv. 01 th.dl uu r fuel*

Bill,

112 C. 57, 58.

4f GEORGII III. (U.K.)

A.D. 1801.

If any Person

shall engrave, ^ec.on any Plate any Subscripii-ons subjoined to any foil or Note of any Person or Banking Com-

in his Possession any such Plate, he shall for the first Offence be imprisoned, ( from three Years to twelve

such Authority as aforesaid, knowingly have in his, her, or their Custody, any such Plate or Device, or shall, without such Authority as aforesaid, knowingly and wilfully publish, dispose of, or put away any such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note for the Payment of Money, or Part of such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note for the Payment of Money; every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being convicted thereof according to Law, shall, for the first Offence, be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding two Years nor less than six Months, and for the second Offence be transported to any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations for the Term of seven Years.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ from and after the tenth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, shall engrave, cut, or etch, or by any other Means or Contrivance trace with a Hair Stroke or other Mode of Delineation, or any Plate* what foe ver, any of the Subscriptions subjoined to any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note for the Payment of Money, of any Person or Persons, Body Corporate, or other Banking Company or Partnership carrying on the Business of Bankers, to be payable to Bearer on Demand, or shall have in his, her, or their Pclfertion any Plate with the Hair Strokes or other Delineation of any Subscription traced thereon, sub-r' xo\^t to j°*nc<^ to any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note for the Payment of Money, purporting to be manT or'havehe Bill of Exchange and Promissory Note, or other Note for the Payment of Money, of any Person or Persons, Body Corporate, or other Banking Company or Partnership, carrying on the Business of Bankers, and to be

?ayable to the Bearer on Demand, and shall not be able to prove that such Plate came into his, her, or their 'offeflion without his, her, or their Knowledge or Consent, every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being convicted thereof according to Law, shall for the first Offence be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding three Years nor less than twelve Months, and for the second Offence be transported to any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations for the Term of seven Years, and for the Second transported for seven Years.

CAP. LVm.

An Act for granting to his Majesty, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, additional Stamp Duties in Ireland, on Bonds, Bills of Exchange, and Promissory Notes, and on certain Insurances therein mentioned; and for the Relief of Persons in Ireland holding obligatory Instruments, called Kerry Bonds, which have been executed without being duly stamped.

[aotn June 1801.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjetfts, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences in that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Duties herein after mentiond and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one, and until and upon the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, to his Majesty, throughout Ireland, for and upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper of which any of the several Matters herein after mentioned, shall, during the Time aforesaid, be engrossed, printed or written, the several and respective additional Stamp Duties following, over and above all Duties payable thereon by virtue of any Act or Acts in force, on or immediately before the parting of this A &; that is to say, Any Contract, Bond, or other obligatory Instrument, conditioned for the Payment of any principal Sum, not amounting to one hundred Pounds, the additional Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence; and where the Condition shall be for Payment of any principal Sum, amounting to one hundred Pounds, and not amounting to two hundred Pounds, the additional Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence; and where the Condition shall be for Payment of any principal Sum, amounting to two hundred Pounds, and not amounting to five hundred Pounds, the additional Sum of five Shillings; and where the Condition shall be for Payment of any principal Sum, amounting to five hundred Pounds, and not amounting to one thousand Pounds, the additional Sum of fifteen Shillings; and where the Condition shall be for Payment of any principal Sum, amounting to one thousand Pounds, and not amounting to two thousand Pounds, the additional Sum of ten Shillings; and where the Condition shall be for Payment of any principal Sum, amounting to two thousand Pounds, and not amounting to five thousand Pounds, the additional Sum of one Pound; and where the Condition shall be for Payment of any principal Sum, amounting to or exceeding five thousand Pounds, the additional Sum of two Pounds: Any Foreign or Inland Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, where the Sum therein expressed shall exceed ten Pounds, and shall not exceed thirty Pounds, the additional Sum of three-pence; and where the Sum expressed therein shall exceed thirty Pounds, and shall not exceed one hundred Pounds, the additional Sum of Sixpence; and where the Sum expressed therein shall exceed one hundred Pounds, the additional Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence.

Tram June 24,

1801, till 25th March,

1802, the following additional Duties granted ia Ireland.

Bonds under 100l. — is. 6d.

I ol. toiool.

- 21. 6d. aool. to 500L — 5*-500l. to 1000L — 15«. tooooI. to 2000l.

--1 OS.

2000l. to 5000L — iL

5000l. and upwards, — 2JL

Bills of Exchange, &c.

above 10I, and under 30l. — 3d. 30I to 100l. — 6d. Above Tool. — is. 6d Not to extend to Rank Notes aioder Irish Act,

40 G. 5, c. 10.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to charge with any of the additional Duties hereby granted, any Bank Note or Bank Post Bill of any Banker or Bankers who hath or have registered, or shall have registered his Name or their Names and Firm, in the Manner prescribed by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, an Act for granting to his Majesty, his Hein and Sue effort, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commisstoncn for managing the Stamp Duties»

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U. 0.58, 59.

III. And be it enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one, until and upon the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout Ireland, for and upon the several Insurances herein after mentioned, which shall be made auring the Time aforesaid in Ireland, the several additional Duties herein after mentioned, over and above all Duties payable thereon, by virtue of any Act or Acts in force, on or immediately before the passing of this Act $ that is to say, For all Insurances for insuring Ships, Goods, Wares, or Merchandize from the Danger of or other Perils at Sea, where the Sum to be insured shall amount to one hundred Pounds, the additional Sum of three Shillings and Sixpence, and so progressively for every Sum of one hundred Pounds insured; where the Sum to be insured shall not amount to one hundred Pounds, the additional Sum of three Shillings and Sixpence; and where the Sum to be insured shall exceed one hundred Pounds or any pro-grefiive Sums of one hundred Pounds each, by any fractional Part of one hundred Pounds, the additional Sum of three Shillings and Sixpence for such fractional Part of one hundred Pounds*where the Premium or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium actually and bond side paid, given, or contributed for, shall not exceed the Rate of ten Shillings, where the Sum to be insured shall amount to one hundred Pounds, the additional Sum of one Shilling, and (o progressively for every Sum of one hundred Pounds insured; and where the Sum so to be insured shall not amount to one hundred Pounds, the additional Sum of one Shilling; and where the Sum so to be insured shall exceed one hundred Pounds or any progressive Sums of one hundred Pounds each, by any fractional Part of one hundred Pounds, the additional Sum of one Shilling for such fractional Part of one hundred Pounds; the said Duties upon Insurances to be paid by the Persons assured therein.

«*New Duties shall be under the Management of Commissioners of Stamps. §4. Commissioners may add

or change Stamps on Paper, &c. brought to the head Office in Dublin. §5. All former Irish Stamp u Acts in force extended to this Act. §61*

VII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any Stamp or Mark allowed by this Act to be used for denoting any Duty by this Act granted, with in Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, or shall utter, vend, or sell any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, liable to any Stamp Duty by this Act imposed, with such counterfeited Stamp or Mark thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeited, or shall fraudulently use any Stamp or Mark allowed to be used by this Act, With Intent to defraud his Majesty* his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, then every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

VIII. And be it enacted, That all Monies arising by the several Duties hereby granted shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, at such Time and in such Manner as the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid; and all Monies so paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland,

IX- 4 And whereas many Persons in Ireland having erroneously conceived that the obligatory In-

strument, called a Kerry Bond, containing in the Body thereof a Warrant to confess Judgment upon any Action to be brought therCon, was not liable to the Stamp Duty imposed in Ireland\ upon Warrants to confels

Judgment upon Suits or Actions, in Addition to the Duty payable upon such Instrument as a Bond, have exe-

cuted such Instruments without a Stamp thereon to denote the Payment of the Duty for such Warrants of Attorney, from which many Inconveniencies may arise, unless Relict be given; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the proper Officers for collecting the Duties in Ireland on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and the Officers for stamping or marking the same at the Head Office in Dublin, and they are hereby required, upon Payment or Tender of the Duty payable in respect to a Warrant of Attorney to confess Judgment upon any Action or Suit, to mark or (lamp upon any such obligatory Instrument as aforesaid, executed before the first Day of September one thousand eight hundred, and which nad been duly stamped or marked with the Duty to which the same was subject, as an obligatory Instrument, a Stamp or Mark to denote the Payment of the Duty payable on a Warrant to confess Judgment as aforesaid; and every such Instrument as shall be so stamped or marked shall be as valid as if the same had been so stamped or marked before the Time the lame was executed by any of the Parties thereto; and every Person concerned in the ingrossing, writing, or executing the fame, or who entered any Judgment thereon, shall be freed and discharged of and from all Penalties incurred on account thereof, provided such Instrument be brought to the said Head Office in Dublin, to be stamped before the Money due thereon shall be paid, or before any Proceedings at Law shall be taken for the Recovery thereof.

CAP. LIX.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Lady Abercromby Baroness Abercromby of Aboukir, and the two next Persons to whom the Title of Baron Abercromby shall defeend, in Consideration of the eminent Merits of the late Right Honourable General Sir Ralph Abercromby.

[20th June 1801.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS your Majesty, by your most Gracious Message to your most faithful Commons, has been

pleased to declare, That your Majesty having taken into your Royal Consideration the eminent and

signal Merits of the late Right Honourable General Sir Ralph Abercromby, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, during a long Life (pent in the Service of hie Country, and terminated by a gloriout

41 Geo. III. (U.K.) ct Death,

na

Additional Stamps on Sea Insurances.

3s. 6d. for every 100l. or Part 0l.10 oi.

bat where the Premium doe# not exceed iot. per Cent, only it. for every tool. See.

to be paid by the Party assured.

Forging Stamps under this Act Felony without Clergy.

Duties shall he carried to the IrUh Consolidated Fund.

Kerry Bonds ex&uted without Sumps before Sept. 1, 1800, may be stamped as Warrants of Attorney at any Time before Payment of the Money, or Proceeding at Law.

JI4

An Annuity of 1000l. per Annum settled on Lady Abet-

cromby and the tvo next fuc-eeeding Heirs Male of Sir Ralph Aber-croraby, on whom the Title of Baron Aber-eromby shall defeend, to commence from March 21, 180 r, and to be paid Quarterly.

The Annuity shall be paid at the Exchequer WhotU Pees.

'frtc Warrant for Payment of the Annuity shall not be determinable upon the Dchiilc of his Majesty, &c. Commissioners of the T lea fury, Chancelloi of the Exchequer, &c. shalldoallThings necessary for the Execution of this A<il, without 'fees.

The Receipt of Lady Aber-cromby and the two next succeeding Heirs MaleolSirRaiph Abercromby shall he a iiifK-cient Difdiarge.

Annuity shall be Tax Free.

How the Annuity may be reco* vered.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K) C. 59.

Death, your Majesty was desirous to bestow some considerable and lading Mark of your Royal Favour, as94 Testimony of your Majesty's Regard to that distinguished Officer; and for this rurpose to give and grant

unto his Relict Lady Abercromby Saroness Abercromby of Abouktr, and to the two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Sir Ralph Abercromby to whom the Title of Baron Abercromby shall descend, for and

during their Lives, a nett Annuity of two thousand Pounds per Annum; but your Majesty, not havingit in

your rower to grant an Annuity to that Amount, or to extend the Effe<fl of the said Grant beyond the Term

of your Majesty's own Life, recommended it to your faithful Commons, to consider of a proper Method of en-

abling your Majesty to grant the fame, and of extending, securing, and settling such Annuity to the said

Lady Abercromby, and to the two next Persons on whom the Tide of Baron Abercromby of Aboukir shall

defeend, in such Manner as should be thought most effectual for the Benefit of the said Lady Abercromby, and $ the Family of the said Sir Ralph Aberoromby: We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, duly considering your Majesty's most Gracious Intention, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King'* most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That one Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum of two thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, shall be issuing and payable out of*, and charged and chargeable upon, the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, (after paying, or referring sufficient to pay, afi such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon* or payable out of, the said Fund); and the same shall from Time to Time be paid quarterly, free and clear of ?dl Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, in Manner and Form following; that is to say, To the said Lady Aber- cromby, for and during the natural Life of the said Lady Abercromby, and from and after her Decease, unto the two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Sir Ralph Abercromby on whom the Title, Honour* and Dignity of Baron Abercromby shall defeend, for and during their natural Lives; which said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, shall commence and take Effect from the twenty-first Day of March one thousand eight, hundred and one, the first Payment to be computed from the said twenty-first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, until the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one; and from thenceforth shall be paid and payable at the four usual Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, the tenth Day of 0 Sober> the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, and the fifth Day of July, in each and every Year by even and equal Portions,

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners <5f his Majesty's Treasury now being* and the High Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, and Com-soimoners of the Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant, under their Hands, to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the Time being, to make forth and pass Debentures, from Time to Time, for paying the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of two thousand Pounds, in Manner as aforesaid, and as the same shall, from Time to Time, become due and payable without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any Part thereof; which laid Warrant and the Debentures to be made forth, and passed thereupon, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the Time being, for the Pay- _ ment of the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, to the said Lady Abercromby, and the two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Sir Ralph Abercromby on whom the said Title shall defeend, at the respective Quarterly Fealt Days in this Act before appointed for Payment thereof, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that Behalf.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That after signing of such Warrant, the same shall be good, valid* and eflfectual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act, and shall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the Demise of his Majesty, (whom God long preserve !) or any of his Heirs or Successors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Commissioners of the Treasury* or the Lord High Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them* or any of them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer of the Treasury for the Time being, Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlains and Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Ministers of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now and for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby authorized and flridlly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all such Acts, Matters, and Things, is are herein-before directed and required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this Act* and the several Payments hereby directed, effectual.

V. And be it enacted, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the said Lady Abercromby, and the two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Sir Ralph Abercromby, on whom the said Title shall defeend, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment of the said Annuity or yearly Sum, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that Behalf; and that the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions, and other Charges whatsoever: And in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or to do any Act necessary to enable the said Lady Abercromby, and the two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Sir Ralph Abercromby, on whom the said Title, Honour, and Dignity of Baron Abercromby shall defeend, to receive the same, then the said Lady Abercromby, and the two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Sir Ralph Abercromby, on whom the said Title

shall

1^.0 jle

IIS'

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K'.) 0.59, 60, 61.

shall defeend, may* from Time to Time, sue, prosecute and implead such Officers, or any of them, their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, by Bill, Plaint, or Action of Debt, and shall and may lecover Judgment, and file out Executions thereupon, against such Officers respectively, their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money, then due and owing upon the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the Time or Times when Demands shall have been legally made of the Payment of the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, or for the Refafal or Neglect to do any Act necessary to be done by such Officer or Officers respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum of two thousand Pounds, shall be, and the same is by this Act vested in the said Lady Abercromby y and the two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Sir Ralph Abercromby to whom the said Title, Honour, and Dignity of Baron Aler-cromby shall defeend; and the fame, or any Part thereof, shall not at any Time or Times hereafter be aliened, conveyed, disposed, charged, or incumbered by the said Lady Abercromby, or by either of the two next fucN ceeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Sir Ralph Abercromby on whom the said Title shall defeend, for any greater or larger Estate or Time, than during the natural Life of the Person so aliening, conveying, dif-ooling, charging, or incumbering the fame, so as to prevent the same from defeending to the next or succeeding Heir Male of the Body of the said Sir Ralph Abercromby to whom the said Title of Baron Abercromby shall defeend, according to the Limitation aforesaid.

CAP. LX.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his presentr Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to ascertain what Sum shall be paid into his Majesty's Exchequer, in full Satisfaction of the Debt due on the Mortgage made by the late John Gardner Kemeys, Esquire, in Tris for the late Right Honourable Richard Rigby, in case H shall appear to the said Lords Commissioners that it will be necessary to resort to the mortgaged Premises) in order to recover the Balance due from the said Richard Rigby to his Majesty.

[20th June rfcoi.J

The Preamble recites Settlement on the Marriage of John Gardner Kemeys, Esq; a private Act 12 Geo. 3.

c. 93; and a publick Act 34 Geo. 3. c. 66. The Treasury empowered to ascertain what Sum ought to be paid into the Exchequer in Consideration of the Crown's releasing the Estate of Mr. Rigby of 4D, ooool. and of the mortgaged Estate of Mr. Kemeys being vested in Trustees, discharged of all Claims on Behalf of the Crown. §1. If, on Payment of the Sums io ascertained, the said mortgaged Estates shall be conveyed in

Trust for the Purposea of this Act, all the Estate real and personal of Mr. Rigby shall be discharged from the Claims of the Crown. §2. This Act shall not prevent the Tenant in Tail recovering Possessiou of the mortgaged Estates. §3. General Saving. §4."

CAP. LXL

An Act for further continuing until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending and further continuing until the twenty fourth Day of June one tlxufand eight humdred and oney two Acts passed in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Suppression of the Rebellion which fill exifs within that Kingdom, and for the Protection of the Persons and Property of his Majesty's faithful Subjects within the same.

123d June 1801.]

WHEREAS an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, Ati Act for amending and fur* 4 W ther continuing until the twenty fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and oney two Acts passed in fiat Part of the United Kingdom coiled Ireland, in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Suppression of the Rebellion which fill exifs within that Kingdom, and for the Protection of the Persons and Property of his Mqjefy's faithful Subjects within the same9 is near expiring: And whereas the pre-

feat State of Ireland makes it necessary for the publick Safety, and for the Protection of the Persons -and.Pro*

perty of his Majesty's faithful Subjects against the most daring Outrages which dill continue to be committed,

id Furtherance and Prosecution of the said Rebellion, that the said recited Act should be further continued for a limited Time be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That aH the Powers and Provisions in the said recited Act contained, shall continue and be in force within that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the twenty-fourth Day of Jane one thousand eight hundred and one, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, and no longer

Annuity shall not he aliened or incumbered for a longer Term than dining the Life of the Pol* feffor.

Cap. 14. of this Sutfion. JVori-tinning Irish Acts 39 G. 3. c. 11. 6f 40 0.3.C. 2.J

The Po\re; i contained in the recited Act conti- aued till Mattel 25, iSoa-

C. 62

410 GEORGII III. T.)

A.D. 1801.

116

Persons ordina-narily resident in Ii eland, and being Members of Parliament, or holding Offices in Ireland, and being occasionally residenC in Gifeat Britain, exempted from the Income Duties under 39 G. 3. c. 13, See. as relates to Income in Ireland; end also from the Duties under the Contribution Aik, 38 G. 3. c. j6; on Servants, tec. under 38 G. 3.C. 41; and on Horses under c. 9of this Session.

Members (Kail

so reside only during the Seffinn, tec. and Placemen with the Leave of the Lord Lieutenant, Sec. the latter giving Notice thereof to the Tax Office.

Aik to com-'mrnce from Jan. I, 1801.

What shall be considered as ordinary Residence inlrdand, and how lo bo verified.

Penalty of Perjury for faJCe Oaths.

CAP. LXII.

An Act to exempt from the Payment of certain Duties, such Members of both Houses of Parliament serving for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and such other Persons herein described,

as may have only an occasional Residence in Great Britain.

[23d June 1801.]

WHEREAS in consequence of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, the Lords Spiritual and TemVV poral, and Commons, returned by Rotation or Election to fit and vote on tjhe Part of Ireland* in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, and other Persons herein after described, who are or may be ordinarily

resident in Ireland* may, for the Execution of publick Business, be required to reside in Great Britain during

certain Portions of the Year: And whereas it is just and reasonable that the Duties herein after mentioned

should not be charged on such Persons during such Residence; 9 may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Persons having ordinarily resided in Ireland before the Commencement of this Session of Parliament, and being Members of cither House of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, whether on the Part of Ireland, or for any Place in Great Britain, and all Persons who shall hereafter be Members of the said Parliament as aforesaid, and who shall have ordinarily resided in Ireland previous to the Commencement of the Session of Parliament in which they shall respectively serve in Parliament; and all Persons having ordinarily resided in Ireland as aforesaid, or who shall hereafter be ordinarily resident therein, and now holding, or who shall hereafter hold Offices, br publick Employments in Ireland, and are now residing in Great Britain, or who shall hereafter reside in Great Britain, with the Approbation or by the Order or Direction of the Lord Lieutenant of other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or of his or their Chief Secretary, for the Time being, and which shall be certified, under the Hand of the Lord Lieutenant, Chief Governor or Chief Governors, or his or their Chief Secretary, to be therein resident, for the Purposes of assisting in the Execution of the publick Business, shall be wholly discharged and exempted from the Duties granted by an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty* intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties imbofed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income in Ueu of the said Duties, or any other Act relating to the Duties on Income, so far as the same may impose or may be construed to impose any Tax or Duty on any Income really and bondfdc arising from Property in Ireland* or from any Office or Employment in Ireland; and also from the Duties granted by an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, which might be chargeable on such Persons by reason of their temporary Residence in Great Britain; and also from all and every the Duties charged or chargeable by another Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs; and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof* or by any Act passed or to be passed in the present Session of Parliament, for granting an additional Duty on Horses: Provided, That this Act shall not be'construed to extend to any Person ordinarily resident in Ireland as aforesaid, being a Member of either House of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, who hath resided or shall reside in Great Britain longer than during the Session of Parliament, and forty Days before, and forty Days after such Session: Provided anb. That this Act shall not be construed to extend to any Person ordinarily resident in Ireland as aforesaid, holding aa Office or publick Employment in Ireland* unless the Approbation in Writing, with respect to Persons now in Great Britain, or such Order or Direction of the said Lord Lieutenant or other. Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or of his or their Chief Secretary for the Time being, with respect to Persons who shall hereafter reside, and a Description of the Place of Abode in Great Britain of the Persons respectively holding such Offices or Employments, be delivered into the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes in Somerset Place* within twenty Days after the passing of this Act i^th respect to Persons now in Great Britain* or within thirty Days after the Arrival in Great Britain of such Persons respectively who shall hereafter arrive: Provided also, That this Act, with respect to the Exemptions therein allowed, shall commence from and after the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, upon all Assessineots to be made after the said Day.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall for the Purposes of this Act be deemed to have been ordinarily resident in Ireland* except he has resided therein for the Space of six Months in the Year preceding the said first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one; nor shall any Person in future be deemed to be ordinarily resident in Ireland* unless he shall reside therein during such Portion of the Year as is not covered by the Privilege herein provided: And for the better ascertaining the Fast of such Residence, every Person claiming the Benefit of this Act, shall verify the same upon Oath nf required) before the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said Several Acts before-mentioned, in the District where such Person shall reside, who are hereby empowered to administer an Oath to every such Person for the Purpose aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall wilfully give false Evidence, or make any false Oath or Affidavit before the said Commissioners, touching any Matter or Thing provided for by this Act, shall be prosecuted and indicted for the fame, and such Person or Persons being corivifted thereof shall be subject and liable to the same Punishments and Disqualifications as Persons are subject and liable to for wilful and corrupt Perjury by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

C. 63, 64: . it 7

No Person ordained a Priest or Deacon, or being a Minister of the Church of Scotland, shall

such Person shall be void; and if any Person after his Election shall be ordained a Priest, ice. he shall vacate hit Scat.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Eligibility of Persons in Holy Orders to fit in the House of Commons.

[23d June 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to remove Doubts which have arisen respecting the Eligibility of Persons in

V? Holy Orders to fit in the House of Commons, and also to make effectuafProvision for excluding them from fitting therein be it therefore declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, ' That no Person having been ordained to the Office of Priest or Deacon, or being a Minister of the Church of Scotland, is or shall be capable of being elected to serve in Parliament as a Member of the House of Commons.

be capable of being elected a Member of the House of Commons*

II. And be it further declared and enacted, That if any Person, having been ordained to the Office of The Election of

Priest or Deacon, or being a Minister of the Church of Scotland, shall hereafter be elected to serve in Parlia- f, rh TVrfnnnial ment as aforesaid, such Election and Return shall be void; and that if any Person, being elected to serve in Parliament as a Member of the House of Commons, shall, after his Election, be ordained to the Office of Priest or Deacon, or become a Minister of the Church of Scotland, then and in such Case the Seat of such Person shall immediately become void$ and if any such Person shall, in any of the aforesaid Cases, presume to fit or vote as a Member of the House of Commons, he shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds for every Day in which he shall fit or vote in the said House, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster; and the Money so forfeited shall be recovered by the Person or Persons Pena, ly fit*

so suing, with full Costs of Suit, in any of the said Courts, by any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Informa- eithe^C^c?5*

tjan, in which no Essoign, Privilege, rroteftion, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every Person against whom any such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recovered by virtue of this Act, shall be from thenceforth incapable of taking, holding, or enjoying any Benefice, Living, or Promotion Ecclesiastical, and of taking, homing, or enjoying any Office of Honour or Profit under his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors: Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make void any Election of a Person to serve as a Member of the House of Commons, which Election shall have taken place before the passing of this Act.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be liable to any Forfeiture or Penalty inflicted by this Act, unless a Prosecutkm shall be commenced within twelve Calendar Months after such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be incurred.

IV. And be it further enacted, That Proof of the Celebration of Divine Service, according to the Rites of What Proof shall the Church of England, or of the Church of Scotland, in any Church or Chapel consecrated or set apart for prmutfacie

publsck Worship, shall be deemed and taken to be prtmd facie Evidence of the Fast of such Person having been ordained to the Office of a Priest or Deacon, or of his being a Minister of the Church of Scotland^ within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for the further Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons.

4 [23d June 1801.]

WHEREAS it might tend to the Discharge from Imprisonment of fnany Prisoners in Execution for

Debt, if their Creditors were enabled to discharge such Debtors without losing the whole Benefit of the Judgments obtained against such Debtors be it therefore enacted by the King's ir.oft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Creditor or Creditors, at whose Suit any Debtor or Debtors is or are or shall be* in Prison, and taken or charged in Execution for any Sum of Money, by Writing signed by such Creditor or Creditors, or by one of them, for and on the Behalf of himself or herself, and thetothers of them (being Cora--plarnants in the same Action), to signify or declare his, her, or their Consent to the Discharge of such Debtor or Debtors from the Gaol or Prison in which he, she, or they is or are or shall be confined in Execution at the Suit of such Creditor or Creditors, without loling the Benefit of the Judgment upon which the Execution against such Debtor or Debtors issued, except as herein after provided; and mat for and notwithstanding. the Discharge of any Debtor or Debtors in pursuance of such Consent as aforesaid, the Judgment upon which such Debtor or Debtors was or were taken or charged in Execution, shall continue and remain in full Force to alli Intents and Purposes except as herein after provided; and it shall be lawful for such Creditor or Creditors at any Time to take out Execution on every such Judgment against the Lands, Tenements, Heredtaments,

Gt>ods, and Chattels\>f such Debtor or Debtors, or any of them (other than and except the necessary Apparel and Bedding of him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Family, and the necessary Tools f6r his, her, or their Trade or Occupation, net exceeding the Value of ten Pounds in the Whole), or to bring any Action or Actions a every such ^xdgment, or to bring any Action or use any Remedy for the Recovery of his or their Demand* against any other Person or Persons liable to satisfy the fame, in such and the same Manner as such Creditor or Creditors could or might have had or done in case such Debtor or Debtors had never been taken or charged-m Execution upon such Judgment: Provided always, That no Debtor or Debtors, who shall be discharged in pursuance of this Act, ftuJl at any Time afterwards be taken or charged in Execution, or arrested upon any

6 Judgment

Elections before the passing of this Act shall not be void. Limitation of Actions.

fuificienu

Any Creditor*;at whose Suit a 4 Debtor is charged in Execution may consent to his Discharge, without loling the Benefit of the Judgment upon which the Execution iflu-ed; except that the Person of the Debtor shall not be again liable to Arrest for the same Debt, nor the Bail be proceeded agxiuft.

A.D. 1801.

uS

Executors may 4: 011 font to the Difdiarge of Debtors, as the Creditors, if living, could do.

Sheriffs, 5c c. xviihin 24 Hour* ater the Content of Creditor is Produced, shall discharge the Debtor, if defamed only at Acts Suit.

Act shall not ewend to Scot-httd.

Continuance of

Ad.

ftO©, ooool. shall be i (Tiled at the Exchequer, by Dec. 31, 1801, to the hank; to be plated to the Account of the Commissioners appointed by 26 G. 3. c. 31.

Comnuwflioners (h ill apply >the Money in purchasing redeemable publick Annuities,

vb'ch shall be transfeiied to their Account, and she Dividends placed thereto.

Dividends of redeemed Stock tfiall be set apart

41° GEORGII III. (U.K.)

C. 64, 65*

Judgment herein-before declared to continue and remain in full Force, or in any Action which may be brought in any such Judgment, and that no Proceeding by Scire Facias, Action, or otherwise, shall be had against any Bail in the Action in which such Judgment was obtained.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Executors and Administrators of any such Creditor as aforesaid shall and may confeut to the Discharge of any Debtor or Debtors to their Testator or Intestate, in such and the same Manner, and with the same Advantages and Consequences, in all Respects* as such Creditor, if living, might or could have done in pursuance of this Act; and such Executors or Administrators respectively shall not, by Reason of any such Discharge in pursuance of this Act, be deemed guilty of a Devqftavtt) or chargeable with, the Debt due from the Person or Persons so discharged.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Sheriff, Gaoler, or Keeper, in whose Prison, Gaol, or Custody any Debtor or Debtors is or are or shall be confined or detained in Execution, shall, and every of them is hereby required, within twenty-four Hours next after such Consent in Writing of any Creditor or Creditors as herein-before mentioned shall have been produced to and left with such Sheriff, Gaoler, or Keeper, or his Deputy or Agent at such Prison or Gaol (the Hand Writing or Mark of such Creditor or Creditors to such Consent in Writing being duly proved by an Affidavit of some credible Person, to be thereto annexed, and to be fwora before one of the Judges of the Court out of which the Execution against such Debtor or Debtors issued, or a Commissioner duly authorized to take Affidavits in such Court), to discharge and set at Liberty the Debtor or Debtors to whose Discharge such Consent shall be signified or declared as aforesaid, if he, she, or they shall be kept or detained in Custody only upon the Execution issued at the Suit of the Creditor or Creditors signifying or declaring such Consent.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in Force for three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. LXV.

An Act: for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain.

[24th June 1801.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ in Parliament assembled, having granted to your Majesty the Sum of two hundred

thou land Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain

4 do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted/ and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, iit this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, out of any Monies granted for the Supply of the present Year, there shall be issued and paid at die Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain, on or before the thirty-first Day of December one thousand eight hundred and one, the Sum of twro hundred thousand Pounds to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and shall by them be placed to the Account of the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, for applying certain Sums of Money annually to the Reduction of the National Debt; and that all such Monies shall be applied by the said Commissioners towards the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain in the Manner herein after directed, and to no other Intent or Purpose, and in no other Manner whatever.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said principal Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two hundred thousand Pounds, wrhich are hereby directed to be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners, shall be applied by the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to apply the same in Payment for the Purchase of such redeemable publick Annuities as shall be below Par, if any, and if there shall be no such publick Annuities below Par, then to the Purchase of any such publick Annuities at or above Par, in the following Manner 5 that is to say, That all such Sums of Money, not exceeding two hundred thousand Pounds, so to be applied, which shall have been placed to the Account of the said Commissioners, on or before the thirty-first Day of December one thousand eight hundred and one, shall be applied, over and above the Sums applicable by virtue of the said herein-before mentioned Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, to the Purchase of such Annuities in equal Portions as nearly as may be, on every Day (Saturdays and Mondays excepted), on wdiich the same shall be transferable, between the thirty-first Day of December one thousand eight hundred and one, and the first Day of April one thousand eight hundred and tw-o; and all such Part of the Principal or Capital Stock of such publick Annuities, as shall be purchased by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, shall be transferred to the Account of the said Commissioners, in the Books of thb. Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other Parts of America, or of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, respectively, as the Case may be; and that the Dividends payable thereon shall from Time to Time be received by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Dividends, which shall from Time to Time become due and payable* in respect of the Principal or Capital Stock of such Annuities as shall be redeemed by virtue of this Act,

15all

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.)

C. 65, 66. 119

or set apart out of the Consolidated Fund, m tht same Manner as if such Principal or Capital ot been redeemed, and shall be paid to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England',

shall be issued Stock had not

to be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners, and the feme shall from Time to Time be applied by them under the like Rules and Regulations, and in the Manner prescribed by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, with respect to the Sums redeemed by virtue of the said Act; and that all and every the Rules, Methods, Regulations, and Provisions, which, in and by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid, are provided and established for applying, managing, or accounting for, the Sums vested in the said Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Act, shall be practised, used, and put in Execution, in and for the applying, managing, and accounting for, all Sums of Money directed to be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same had been repeat ed and re-enacted in this present Act.

CAP. JLXVL

An Act for indemnifying such Persons as, since the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, have acted in the apprehending, imprisoning, or detaining in Custody, in Great Britain, of Persons suspected of High Treason or Treasonable Practices.

[24th June 1801.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Parliament of Great Britain, in the thirty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such .Persons as his Majesty shall fafpeSt are conspiring against his Person and Government, reciting, that a traitorous and detestable Conspiracy had been formed for subverting the cxifling Laws and Constitution, and for introducing the System of Anarchy and Confusion which had so fatally prevailed in France, it was, for the better Preservation of his Majesty's sacred Person, and for securing the Peace and the Laws and Liberties of the Kingdom, enacted, That every Person or Persons who were or should be in Prison, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, at the

Time therein mentioned, or after, by Warrant signed as therein specified, for High Treason, Suspicion of High Treason, or Treasonable Practices, might be detained in safe Custody as thereby provided; and that the

Act made in Scotland, intituled, An Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment and against undue Delays in Trials,

in so far as the same might be construed to relate to Cales of Treason and Suspicion of Treason, should be suspended, as therein also provided; which Act was to continue in Force until the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and was afterwards by a subsequent Act continued until the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five: And whereas by another Act, paflecT in the Parliament of Great Britain, in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, also intituled, An Act to cm-

power his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his MajestyshallfufpcQ are conspiring against his Person and Government, reciting, that his Majesty's Enemies were making Preparations, with considerable and increasing Activity, for the Invasion of his Majesty's Dominions, and that these Designs were encouraged by the traitorous Practices of wicked and disaffected Persons within the Realm, it was, for the like Purposes, enacted in like Manner as is contained in the said recited Act of the thirty-fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign; which Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign was to continue in Force until the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and was afterwards, by several subsequent Acts, continued until fir Weeks after the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament: And whereas by an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for reviving and further continuing, until Jix Weeks after'

the Commencement af the next Session of Parliament, several A3s made in the thirty-eighth, thirty-ninth, and fortieth Fears of his present Majesty's Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament for empowering his Majest'y to* 'secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspeS are conspiring against his Person and Government,

4 it was enacted in like Manner* as is contained in the said Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign; and which said Act erf the present Session of Parliament is to continue in Force until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament: And whereas in order to secure the internal Peace and Tranquillity of the Country, and to counteract the traitorous Designs in the said Acts recited, it hath been deemed necessary from Time to Time to apprebend, imprison, and detain in Custody in Great Britain, divers Persons suspected of High Treason or Trea(enable rraftices: And whereas in case the Acts and Proceedings of the several Persons employed or concerned in such apprehending, imprisoning, and detaining in Custody, should be called in Question, it would be impofhble for them to justify or defend the same without an open Disclosure of the Means by which the said

traitorous Designs were discovered; and it is necessary, for the future Prevention of similar Practices, that those Means oFInformation should remain secret and undisclosed be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all personal Actions, Suits, In* distments. Informations, and Prosecutions, heretofore brought, commenced, preferred, exhibited, or now depending, or to be hereafter brought, commenced, preferred, or exhibited, and all Judgments thereupon obtained, if any such there be, and all Proceedings whatsoever, against any Person or Persons, for or on Account of any Act, Matter, or Thing by him or them done, or commanded, ordered, directed, dr advised to Be done, ia Great Britain, since the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, for apprehending, tmprilbnuig, or detaining in Custody any Person charged with or suspected of High Treason or Treasonable Practices, shall be discharged and made void; and that every Person by whom any such Act, Matter, or Thing shall have been done or commanded, ordered, directed, or advised to be done, shall be freed, acauitted, discharged, and indemnified as well against the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as against the Person and Persons k apprehended* imprisoned, or detained in Custody, and all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever.

1 II. And

out of the Consolidated Fund*, and applied by the Commi ffionei j under tht Regulations of 26G-3.C. 3U

34 G. J c. J*. [continued by 3$G. 3-c. 3-J

38 a 3.x.

[continued by'

39 G. 3- c. 15, and c. 44: 39 to

40 G. 3 C. 207

4. G. 3. c. 3*0

and c.a6, nf thi*. present Stjfiioa recited-

All Actions, Sec. a) ready t> roughs' or hereafter to be brought for any Alt done since Feb. f, 1/93, for apprehending or im-pri Coning any reifon charged with High Treason, &c. shallBe made void, and the Persons hav* 1 % done such Act indemnified.

If the A<rtion be brought in England or Wales, the Defendant may plead the General liiue, and be entitled to Double Curts; and if in Scotland, the Defenders shall have the Benefit of Indemnity, and be paid ilietr tull Colls.

A pplication may be made to the Courts where Actions brought, &c. by the Parties profocuted to rtay Proceed-j»gi, &c.

57 G. 3. c. X03.

is o-]

}S C. 3. c. it.

14 3']

Orders in Council of March 25, <798, and of Mmj 18, and

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit hath been or shall be brought, commenced, or had in any Court within England or Wales* against any Person or Persons, for or on Account of any such Act, Matter, or Thing as aforesaid, he and they may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer a Discontl nuance in any such Ad ion or Suit, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, the Defendant or Defendants shall have and be entitled to double Costs, for which he or they shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases in which* Costs by Law are given to Defendants; and if any such Action or Suit hath been or shall be brought, commenced, or had, in any Court within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Court before whom or in which such Action or Suit shall be brought, commenced, or had, or shall be depending, shall allow to the Defender or Defenders therein, the Benefit of the Discharge and Indemnity herein-before provided, and shall further decern the Pursuer or Pursuers to pay the Defender or Defender* the full and real Expences which he or they shall be put to by such Action or Suit.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, Indictment, Information, Prosecution, or Proceeding* hath been or shall be brought, commenced, preferred, exhibited, or had, in any Court in Great Britadu against any Person or Persons, for or on Account of any such Ad, Matter or Thing as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, Defender or Defenders, in any such Action, Suit, Indictment, Information, Prosecution, or Proceeding, or for any of them, to apply by Motion, Petition, or otherwise, in a summary Way, to the Court in which the same hath been or shall be brought, commenced, preferred, exhibited, or had, or shall be depending, if such Court shall be fitting, and if not fitting, then to any one of the Judges or Justices of such Court, to stay all further Proceedings in uich Action, Suit, Indictment, Information, rrokcution, or Proceeding; and such Court, and any Judge or Justice thereof when the said Court shall not be fitting, is hereby authorized and required to examine the Matter of such Application, and upon Proof by the Oath or Affidavit of the Person or Persons making hich Application, or any of them, or other Proof to the Satisfaction of such Court, Judge, or Justice, that such Action, Suit, Indictment, Information, Prosecution, or Proceeding is brought, commenced, preferred, exhibited, or had, for or on Account of any such Ad, Matter, or Thing as aforesaid, to make an Order for (laving Execution and all other Proceedings in fuel? Action, Suit, Indictment, Information, Prosecution, or Proceeding, in whatever State the same shall or may then be, and although Judgment shall have been entered up of Record, or given, or any Wri{ of Error or Appeal shall have been brought or made, or shall be depending therein; and the Court, or the Judge or Justice making such Order for Stay of Proceedings in any Action or Suit as aforesaid, shall also order unto the Defendant or Defendants, Defender or Defenders, and he or they shall have and be entitled to double Costs, for all such Proceedings as shall be had or carried on in any such Action or Suit, after the passing of this Act; and for which Costs he and they shall have the like Remedy as in Cases where Costs are by l*aw given to Defendants or Defenders; Provided always, That it shall be lawful for tiny Person or Persons, being a Party or Parties to any such Action, Suit, Indictment, Information, Prosecution, or other Proceeding, to apply by Motion, Petition, or otherwise, in a summary Way, to the Court in which the same shall have been brought, commenced, preferred, exhibited, or had, or shall be depending, to vacate, discharge, or set aside, any Order made by any Judge or Justice of that Court for (laying Proceedings, or for Payment of Costs as aforesaid, so as such Application be made within the first four Days on which such Court shall fit next after the making of any such Order by any Judge or Justice as aforesaid; and such Court is hereby required to examine the Matter of such Application, and to make fttch Order therein as if the Application had been originally made to the said Court; but nevertheless, in the mean Time and until such Application shall be made to the said Court, and unless the said Court shall think fit to vacate, difehanre, set aside, or reverse the Order made by any such Judge or Justice as aforesaid, the same shall continue in full Force to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. LXVIf.

An Act to amend several Acts for raising a Militia Force in Scotland[24th June rtoi.J

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act to raise and embody a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, 1 it is enacted, That the Lieutenant, or failing him, any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, shall transmit to

His Majesty's Privy Council, an Account, in Writing, signed by him or them, of the true State of the Number of Persons returned in the Lifts therein mentioned; on Receipt of which, his Majesty, by Order of Council, should forthwith apportion, and divide over the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, the Number of Militia to serve for such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, so as not to exceed the Number of six thousand Men over that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to give further Time for executing and for enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament* intituled* 4 An Act to raise and embody a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland; it is enabled, That until such Time as Return- shall have been transmitted to his Majesty's Privy Council, from all the Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and

Places in Scotland the total Number of Militia Men to be apportioned for those Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, from which Returns had been received as directed by the said Act, should not exceed five thousand five hundred: And whereas his Majesty, by an Order in Council bearing Date the twenty-fifth Day of Jjfarch, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, was graciously pleased to apportion and divide over such several Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, for which such Accounts had been transmitted, the Number of Militia to serve for such Counties, Stewartries, Cities and Places, respectively, according to the Numbers therein mentioned, and amounting in the Whole to the Number of five thousand four hundred and ninety-two men: And whereas by two other Orders in Council, dated the eighteenth Day of May and the

eighteenth

12 I

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) C. 67.

eighteenth Day of November, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, his Majesty was gra- % ciously pleased to order the Whole of the said Number of five thousand four hundred and ninety-two Men,

so apportioned, to be called out and embodied: And whereas Doubts have arisen in the Execution of these Orders in Council, whether the Number of Men so apportioned should include the Non-commissioned Officers,

4 or whether the Number should be exclusive of such Non-commissioned Officers: And whereas it is expedient to add the Number of Non-commissioned Officers appertaining to the Militia Force now embodied to the aforesaid Number of five thousand four hundred and ninety-two Men, and that in apportioning the same upon the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, for which they are to serve, the Number of Noncommissioned Officers should be included in such Apportionment may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the total Number of Private Men, including Non-commissioned Officers, directed to be embodied by the aforesaid Orders in Council, shall be five thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, and that the Number (including Non-commissioned Officers serving or to serve for the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places following) shall be as follows; (that is to say) For the County of Edinburgh, two hundred and thirty; for the City of Edinburgh, eighty-three; for the County of Linlithgow, seventy-four; for the County of Haddington, one hundred and forty-four; for the County of Berwick, one hundred and fifty-three; for the County of Peebles, fifty-three; for the County of Selkirk, twenty-six; for the County of Roxburgh, one hundred and fifty-eight; for the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, one hundred and thirty-two; for the County of Wtgton, ninety-four; for the County of Ayr, three hundred and fifty-nine; for the Courtty of Renfrew, one hundred and ninety-six; for the County of Lanerk, five hundred and sixty-three; for the County of Stirling, two hundred and two; for the County of K'mrofs, twenty-seven; for the County of Fife, three hundred and fifty; for the County of Dunbarton, seventy-six; for the County of Bute, thirty-two; For the County of Argyle, two hundred and seventy-one; for the County of Invemefs one hundred and ninety; for the County of Perth, five hundred and twenty-six; for the County of Forfar, three hundred and seventy-two; for the County of Kincardine, one hundred and six; for the County of Aberdeen, four hundred and eighty-three; for the County of Banff, one hundred and thirty-one; for the County of Elgin, ninety-six; for the County of Naim, twenty-three; for the County of Cromarty, twenty-three; for the County of Ross, one hundred and sixty-four $ for the County of Sutherland, fifty-seven; for the County of Cmthness, seventy-three; for the County of Dumfries, two hundred and fifty-nine; for the County of Clackmanan, forty-two.

II. 4 And whereas it is expedient that all Persons who have attained their nineteenth Year should be liable

to serve in the Militia aforesaid: And whereas it is also proper and expedient, in order to supply Vacancies, that Lists of the Persons liable to serve should be made up once a Year j* be it enacted, That his Majesty's Lieutenant for each County, Stewartry, City, or Place, together with any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, and on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence, of his Majesty* a Lieutenant, the Deputy Lieutenants, or any three of more of them, shall, on the first Day of August one thousand eight hundred and one, and shall on the first Day of August in every Year, during the Continuance of the said Militia Force (and where such Day shall happen on a Sunday, then on the Monday thereafter), meet at the same Borough or principal Town of the County, Stewartry, or Place where they hitherto have usually met for the Purposes of the Militia Acts, and flail in like Manner and Form as directed by the aforesaid Acts of the thirty-seventh and thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, proceed to issue Directions for making out fair and true Lius in Writing of all the Men usually and at that Time dwelling within their respective rarishes and Places, from and after the Age of eighteen Years complete, and not exceeding the Age of thirty Years complete; and such Lifts being afterwards amended as the Case mar require, and in the same Mode and under the same Regulations as here prescribed by the aforesaid Acts of the thirty-seventh and thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Ma-testy, shall be the Lifts from whence the Number necessary to complete the Proportions of Men to be furnished by each County, Stewartry, City, or Place, according to this present Act, shall be ballotted for, and from whence also Vacancies shall be supplied in the Manner directed by these Acts and by this present Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person who shall be ballotted for to serve in the Militia, in

the Manner directed by the aforesaid Acts of the thirty-seventh and thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, cannot be found, so that Notice may be given to him in Manner directed by the aforesaid Act of the thirty-seventh of his present Majesty, then the Constable or other Officer duly authorized to serve such Notice shall, within twenty Days after he shall be authorized to serve such Notice, produce to some one of the Deputy Lieutenants to whom he shall be directed to give it, a Certificate that such Person is not to be found personafiy, and hath not any Place of Abode, which he has been able to find, at which such Notice may be left; and the Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, are hereby required forthwith thereafter to hold a Subdivision or District Meeting, and to proceed to ballot for another Person to serve in the Room of every such Militia Man not to be found, so that Notice may be served upon him as aforesaid; and in case such last Person shall at any Time afterwards be discovered, he shall, notwithstanding any Person shall have been chosen in his Room, be compelled to serve in the same Manner, and for the same Term, as if no Person had been chosen in his Room: Provided always, That if such Person can be so discovered, so that Notice can be given to him before the Day on which the Person ballotted for to serve in his Place shall be ordered to join the Regiment, then the Person ballotted for to serve in his Place shall go free, and the Person so discovered shall be the only Person who shall serve. '

IV. And whereas by the aforesaid Act of the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, it is provided, that

no Person serving as a Commissioned Officer in any Regiment, Troop, or Company in his Majesty's other Forces, or in any Corps of Volunteers raised by virtue of an Act, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for encouraging and disciplining such Corps or Companies of Men as shall

41 Geo. III. (U.K) R*voluntarily

Nov. 18, 1798, recited.

Total of prifSt#-Men, including Non-commissioned Officers, to be embodied.by recited Orders in Council, shall be 5768, as herein parti- cuiarited.

On Aug. t, yearly, while the Militia Force coo-> tinues, his Majesty's Lieute-tenants shall meet and direct Lists of Person* from 18 to 30 Years of Age, to be made up, from which ths Men shall be ball loUed for.

39 1.

C. 6l.]

If any Perfos ballotted for cannot be found, a Certificate thereof shall be given by the, Con It able to a Deputy Lieutenant, and another shall be bid-lotted for j but if the former can be found, he shall be compelled t* serve.

J7 G. t. c. roj.

I*5-1 34 G. 3.0.32.

39 G. 3. tr 6l.

39 G. 3. c. 35.

The Names of Persons serving in Volunteer Corps or Aflb-ciations from 18 to 30 Years of Age shall be inferred in the Lilts to be made up annually, on Aug. 1, and if any be drawn by Ballot, and the Persons whose Vames shall be drawn, shall not produce a Certificate from the Commanding Officer, that they were duly entered in such Vo-lunteer Corps, at the Time of the Ballot, and had duly attended Exercise, they shall be liable to serve; butiffuch Certificate be produced, a fresh Ballot shall take place.

His Majesty may retain in Service and pay Adjutants, S^-jeant Majors, and Serjeants, and Drummers, till the Session qT Parliamentafrer End of the War, &c.

Officers of his Majesty's other Forces, shall not fit on feid Militia Courrt-mar-tial, nor said Militia Office: ! oft

OltMOT.

C. 67. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

voluntarily enrol themselves for the Defence of their Counties, Towns, or Coafis, or for the general D fence of the Kingdom, during the present War, or who shall have been duly entered therein on or before the passing of the aforesaid Act of the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, or in any one of his Majesty's Castles or Forts

nor any Non-commissioned Officer or Private Man serving in any of his Majesty's other Forces, or in any Volunteer or Yeomanry Corps, Troop, or Company whatever, provided he hath been duly entered therein on or before the passing of the aforesaid Act of the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, and provided he hath punctually attended at all such Times and Places as may have been agreed upon for the Exercise of such Corps, Troop, or Company, shall be liable to serve personally or provide a Substitute to serve in the Militia to be raised by virtue of the aforesaid Act of the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty 5 And whereas by another Act made in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend an 4 A3 made in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, for raffing a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland; it is enacted, that every Person enrolled or to be enrolled and serving in any Volunteer Corps, or any Corps or Body of Men associated for the Defence of any City, Town, or Place, and for maintaining publick Tranquillity and good Order within the same, whether of Infantry or Cavalry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ 4 which then were or should be raised in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament, should be exempt from being liable to serve personally in the said Militia, or to provide a Substitute; and that all the Powers, Regulations, Conditions, and Restrictions contained in an Act passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled, An 4 A3 for exempting, during the present War, Persons serving in Volunteer Corps and Ajffociaftons from being ballotted for the Militia under certain Conditions, should extend to all Volunteer Corps or Associations, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland be it enacted, That the Names of all such Persons serving in Volunteer Corps or Associations above the Age of eighteen and not exceeding the Age of thirty Years, mail nevertheless be inserted in the Lifts to be made up upon the first Day of August in every Year, in Manner directed by this Act* and their Names shall be written or printed on distinct Pieces of Paper, in Manner directed by the aforesaid Acts of the thirty-seventh and thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and shall be enclosed in the Box. or Vessel from whence the Ballots thereby prescribed shall be made, in Manner therein specified 5 but the Pieces of Paper containing the Names of such Persons so serving in Volunteer Corps or Associations, shall be marked in such Manner as denote .that they were Persons so serving in Volunteer Corps or Associations at the Time such Lifts were so made up; and in the Event that the Piece of Paper containing the Name of an^ such Person so serving in any Volunteer Corps or Association, shall be drawn as the Person upon whom the Ballot falls* Notice shall be immediately served upon such Person in the Manner directed by the said Act of the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and in pase such Person shall not produce, at the Time to which the Meeting at which he was so ballotted shall be adjourned (and which Meeting the said Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants are hereby directed and empowered to adjourn for any Space not exceeding Six Day* for this special Purpose) a Certificate from the Commanding Officer (which Certificate such Commanding Officer is hereby required forthwith to give) that he was duly entered in such Volunteer Corps or Association at the Time he was so ballotted for to serve in the Militia, and hath punctually attended at all Times and Places agreed upon for the Exercise of such Corps or Association, then such Penon shall be liable to serve in the Militia of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place for whch he shall have been ballotted, in the same Manner with any other Person or Persons upon whom the Ballot falls in Terms of the aforesaid Act of the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, and of this present Act 5 but in case it shall appear to such adjourned Meeting* from the Certificate of such Commanding Officer, that such Person was duly entered in such Volunteer Corps or Association at the Time he was ballotted for to serve in the Militia, and hath punctually attended at all Times and Places agreed upon for the Exercise of such Volunteer Corps or Association, then the Piece of Paper containing the Name of speh Person shall be replaced in the aforesaid Box or Vessel, and a fresh Ballot or Ballots shall forthwith take place in the Manner directed by the aforesaid Acts of the thirty-seventh and thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and by this present Act.

V. 4 And whereas it may be expedient that the Adjutants, Serjeants, and Drummers of the aforesaid Militia Force raised for that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Scotland, should not be disbanded at the Period specified in the aforesaid Act of the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, at which the same shall expire; be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to retain in actual Service, and to cause full Pay to be issued to the Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and the Whole or such Proportion of the Serjeants and Drummers of each Regiment of the Militia aforesaid, as his Majesty shall think fit, for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month after the Expiration of the first Session of Parliament which shall be held next after the Conclusion of the present War.

VI. 4 And whereas Doubts may arise whether Officers of his Majesty's Forces other than Militia Forces, may not fit in Courts-martial upon the Trial of Officers or Private Men of the Militia aforesaid, but it is expedient that Officers of the Militia should alone fit in such Courts-martial; be it enacted, That no Officer serving in his Majesty's Forces, other than Militia Forces, shall fit in any Court-martial upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier serving in the Militia aforesaid; and that no Officer serving in the Militia aforesaid shall fit in any Court-martial upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier serving in any of his Majesty's Forces other than the Militia Forces.

A.D. 180t. 41° GEORGII III.

C. 68.

123

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for altering the Laws now in Force, relating to the Importation and Exportation of Copper 5 for repealing certain Duties and Drawbacks on such Importation and Exportation; and for sub-ftituting new Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof.

[24th June 1801.]

WHEREAS the Provisions contained in several Acts now in Force, relating to the Exportation and

Importation of Copper, from and into the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, have been found inconvenient: And whereas it is expedient that the Duties and Drawbacks now paid and allowed on such Exportation and Importation should cease and determine, and that new Duties and Drawbacks should be established in lieu thereof be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the signinga definitive Treaty of Peace, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to export Copper from any Port or Place within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland to any Port or Place beyond Seas, without any Hindrance or Obstruction from any Treaty o.'Peace, Person or Persons under any Authority whatsoever; any Thing contained in an Act passed in the thirty-third exmmed^ot^ Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, an Act to enable his Majesty to refrain the Exportation of withstanding the Naval Stores, and more effectually to prevent the Exportation of Saltpetre, Arms, and Ammunition when prohibited by K

Proclamation or Order in Council 5 or in another Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into Execution am Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury respecting the Exportation of Pot Ashes or Pearl Ashesf for preventing Suits in Consequence of the J'amey for authorising bts Majesty to prohibit tlx Exportation or carrying CoaBwife of Pot Ashes or Pearl Ashes y and for making further Provisions relating thereto; or in any other Act or Acts now m Force to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That until the signing such Treaty as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by Proclamation or Order in Council, when be shall fee Cause, and for such Time as may be therein expressed, prohibit the Exportation of all Copper capable of being converted into a Naval Store, from any Port or Place within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Irclandy to any Port or Place within the Limits of Europe: Provided always, That no such Proclamation or Order in Council shall be of any Force to prohibit or obstruct the Exportation thereof from any Port or Place within the said United Kingdom to any Port or Place without the Limits of Europe; any Thing contained in such Proclamation or Order, or in either of the said Acts so passed as aforesaid in the Thirty-third and Thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, to the contrary thereof in anywise not wit hftan ding.

After die signing a definitive

Acts of

33 O. 3. c. 1.

34 G. 3. c. 34.

Umil the signing such Treaty his Majesty, by Proclamation or Or-, der in Council, may piuhibit the Exportation to any Part of Europe of Copper capable of being com cried into a Naval Store.

The Duties now payable on the Importation of unwrought Copper and the Drawbacks on Exportation shall

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duties now payable on the importation of Copper unwrought, viilelicef. Copper Bricks, Rose Copper, Copper Coin, and all Call Copper, into any Port or Place within Great Britain, and the Drawbacks now allowed on the Exportation of such Copper from any Port or Place, within Great Britain, shall, from and after the first Day of December one thousand eight hundred and one, cease and be no longer payable; and that certain other Duties and Drawbacks herein after particularly mentioned, shall be paid and allowed, during the Term and subject to the Limitations herein after expressed.

cease from Dec. i, 1H01;

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of December one thousand eight hundred an(j from and one, and until the signing such Treaty as aforesaid, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in ready Money, without any Discount whatever, upon the Importation of any Copper into any Port or Place within Great Britain from any Port or Place beyond the Seas, except from any Port or Place within that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland^ the several Duties of Customs as the same are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in Figures in the Came Schedule; any Law, Custom, or Diage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Duties shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs in England and Scotland respectively. §5."

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby imposed shall and may be ascertained, raised, col* lested, paid, and recovered, in such and the like Manner, and in and by any and either of the Ways, Means, or Methods by which any of the Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imposed and payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, were or might be ascertained, raised, collected, paid, and recovered; and the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so by this Act made chargeable with the said new Duty of Customs, shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to which auy Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, upon which any Duties of Customs are imposed and payable, were sub-jeeI and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on or immediately before the palin g of this Act; and and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture, for any Offence whatever committed again! or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing tWe Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, ai d Di rest ions therein contained, shall and art hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution for and in rftpeft of the new and additional Duties of Customs hereby charged, as far as the same are applicable thereto, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this pixfcfit Act.

H Duties shall be paid into t.he Exchequer, and carried to the Consolidated Fund, j 7."

Day until the signing of such Treaty, there shall be levied the Duties let forth in the Schedule.

Duties shall be

aftu taim*d and recoveivd, as any other Duties ot Customs, Uu

SCHEDULE

124 C. 68, 69.

41° GEORGII III. A.D. 1801

SCHEDULE to which this ACT refers.

Duty.

Drawback. £. s. d.

O 5 1|

3^G. 3. c. 49: 38 G. 3. c. 53.

Copper unwrought, videlicet, </,

Copper Bricks, Rose Copper* Copper Coin, and ail Cast Copper, the Hundred Weight, 056

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties on Certificates for wearing Hair Powder, or using Armorial Bearings* from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioner for the Affairs of Taxes; and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred.

[27th June 1801.]

WHEREAS by certain Acts passed in the thirty-fifth and thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, certain Stamp Duties were granted, in Great Britainf on Certificates ifined for using or wearing Hair Powder, or Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, and placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper z 4 And whereas it is expedient that the said Duties should be repealed, and other Duties should be granted ia

lieu thereof, to be placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lonis Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act in England*, and from and after the twenty-fourth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and one in 1Scotland, the Duties granted by the said first recited Act shall eeafe and determine; save and except in all Cases relating to the demanding, recovering, receiving, or paying, any Arrears of Duties by the said first-recited Act granted, which, on the respective Days before-mentioned shall have remained unpaid in England and Scotland respectively, ani the several Clauses, Provisions, Matters, and Things relating to the due paying, receiving, and recovering the fame; save only and except the paying and accounting for the Duties received since the fifth. Day of April one thousand eight hundred and one, by virtue of the said first-recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June ooe thousand eight hundred and one, in England and Scotland respectively, the Duties granted by the said last recited Act shall abPas cease and determine 5 save and except in all Cases relating to the demanding, recovering, receiving, or paying any Arrears of Duties by the said last recited Act granted, which on the said respective Days shall have remained unpaid, and the several Clauses, Provisions, Matters, and Things, relating to the due paying, receiving* and recovering the same.

III. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Fine*, Penalties, and Forfeitures, for any Offence incurred against the said recited Acts or either of them, and aHo alt Informations, Prosecutions, and Suits, whereon. Judgment shall not have been obtained before the tenth Day* of May one thousand eight hundred and one, shall also cease and determine; and that every Person who (halt have oitiitted or neglected to make any Entry, or take out any Certificate, as by the said recited Acts or either of them is required, shall* on making such Returns as by this Act is directed, be, and is hereby indemnified, freed* and discharged from and against all such Penalties and Forfeitures incurred or to be incurred by reason of any such Omission or Neglect.

Per for* nuking Returns, directed hereby, shall be indemnified.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said fifth Day of Abril in England, \ and from and after the twenty-fourth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and one in Scotland\ in lieu and instead c£ the Duties on Certificates to use or wear Hair Powder, by this Act repealed, there shall be assessed, raised, and levied, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon every Person who shall use or wear any Powder commonly called jHair Powder, of whatever Materials the lame shall be made, the annual Rate or Duty specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (A.); and that from and after the fifth Day of

a in England, and from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and one in.

and, in lieu and in dead of the Duties on Certificates issued with respect to Armorial Bearings or Ensigns* by this Act repealed, there shall be assessed, raised, and levied, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon every Person who shall use or wear, or cause to be used or worn, any Armorial Bearing or Ensign, by whatever Name the same shall be called, and who shall keep any Coach or other Carriage chargeable with Duty, or shall be possessed of or keep or have any Seal, Plate, or other Article whatever, on which Seal, Plate, or other Article, any Armorial Bearing or Ensign shall be painted, engraved, marked, os affixed, the several Annual Rates and Duties respectively mentioned and set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.); and which several Schedules marked (A.) and (B.) and the Rules therein contained, pay ihe annual shall be deemed and construed a Part of this Act, as if the same were incorporated therewith.

Duties in Schedule (B.)

Hair "Powder V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained relating to the Duties

Duty (halt not ei- by virtue of this Act imposed on Persons wearing Hair Powder, mail be construed to extend to any of the Royal Family, or to any of the menial Servants of his Majesty or any of the Royal Family*

After parting this Act in England, Snd after May 24, 1801, in Scotland, the Duties on Hair Powder, Vinder 35 G. 3. c. 49. shall cease, except as to Arrears, fee.

After June 34* 1801, the Duties on Armorkl Bearings under 38 G. 3. c. 53. ihatl cease, except as to Arrears.

AH Fines incurred for Offences against recited Acts, and Informations whereon Judgment was not obtained before May 10, 1801, shall eeafe, and

From April 5, 1801, in England, and May 24, 1801, in Scotland, Persons wearing Hair Powder shall pay the animal Duty, specified in Schedule (A.) ft and from J uiy $, 1801, in England, and May 24, .*01, in Scot-stand, Persons using Armorial Bearings shall

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.AT.)

C. 69.

125

Certain other Persons exempted from the Hair Powder Duty*

39 & 40G. 3.

c. 32.

Further Exemy-tions-

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to charge with the said last mentioned Duty, any Officer employed in his Majesty's Navy under the Rank of Commander, or any Officer holding a Commission in his Majesty's Navy under the said Rank, who shall be employed on the Establishment of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich j nor any Subaltern or Non-commissioned Omcer or private Man belonging to any Regiment in the Army, Artillery, Militia, Division of Marines, or Corps of Engineers; or any Person enrolled and actually serving in any Volunteer Corps or Bddy of Men aObciated for the Defence of any City, Town, or Place, and for maintaining publick Tranquillity and good Order within the same, whether of Infantry or Cavalry, which now are or shall hereafter be raised; provided that every such Person inrolled and serving as aforesaid, so claiming to be exempt, shall make such Return as by this Act is directed, and procure and produce to the Assessors of the Parish where he shall relide, according: to the Directions of this Act, a Certificate conformably to an Act made and passed in the thirty-ninth ana fortieth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for indemnifying Persons serving in Volunteer Carts, who have omitted to take out Certificates for wearing Hair Powder: and to amend so much of an Act made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 1 An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty on Certificates ifjuedfor using Hair Powdery as relates to the exempting Persons serving in Volunteer Corps, and certain Officers in his Majesty's Navy serving on the Establishment of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, from the said Duty; mrJ for obliging Persons claiming to be exempt from the Dishes on Horses, provided andfumijhtdfor Volunteer Corps> to deliver Certificates thereof to the proper Officers.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to charge with thfc Duty hereby imposed upon Persons wearing Hair Powder, any Clergyman who shall not be possessed of an annual Income of one hundred Pounds or upwards, whether arising from Ecclesiastical Preferment or otherwise; nor any Preacher or Preachers of any Congregation of Dissenters, or any Person dissenting from the Church of England, in Holy Orders or pretended Holy Orders, who now is or at any Time hereafter shall be entitled to the Benefit of the Statute made in the first Year of the Reign of the late

King IVtlham and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for exempting their MqjeJKes Protestant Subjects dissenting from, GuL an(j the Church o/-England, from the Penalties of certain Laws, or of the Statute made in the nineteenth Year of the St. i. c. i t Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Relief of Protestant Dissenting Ministers and School- l9 G. 3. c. 44 , moto rs, or of the Statute made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to 3l g. 3. c. 32. relieve, upon Conditions and under Refridions, the Persons therein described, from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papifis or Persons professing the Popish Religion are by Law subject and who shall not be possessed of any annual Income of one hundred Pounds or upwards, however arising; and the Income arising from any Benefice or Benefices shall be estimated on the Average Amount thereof, computed on the Period of seven Years next preceding that on which such Exemption shall be claimed. '

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the unmarried Daughters of any Person shall not be chargeable with the said last mentioned Duties, or be required to make any Return under this Act, provided the Parent of such Daughters shall have more than two unmarried Daughters, and shall have given an Account, in any List or Lists by him or her delivered under this Act, of the whole Number of such Daughters, and shall require to be afieffed and charged for the whole Number by one Assessment, in which Case every such Parent Audi be assessed and charged in respect of the whole Number of such Daughters in twice the Sum hereby imposed on any single Person for his or her wearing Hair Powder, which mall exempt the whole Number of Daughters from the said Duty j and that neither the Person giving such Account, or any of the Persons returned in such Account, in vefpeft of whom such Charge shall be made as aforesaid, shall in such Case be liable to any of the Penalties imposed by this Act, by reason of the Duty not being paid for the whole Number of such Daughters.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the Master or Mistress of any Servant or Servants shall declare his or her Intention to pay the Duty which may be charged or chargeable in pursuance of this Act, in respect of any such Servant or Servants using or wearing Hair Powder, and shall in any List or Lists returned by him or her give a true Account of all the Servants by him or her kept, in respect of whom such Duty shall be payable, setting forth the several Capacities in which such Servants are respectively kept, then and in such Case the Entry and Return of such Servant or Servants in such Lifts shall be a sufficient Authority to charge such Master or Mistrefe for all such Servants or Servant, and shall be deemed and construed to exempt the Servant or Servants named therein, during his, her, or their Continuance in the same Service; and also to extend to all and every Servants and Servant who shall come into the Service of such Master or Mistress in the Room of such Servant or Servants so named therein, to serve in the same Capacity during the Year for which the Duty shall be so charged; and no Servant or Servants named in such List or Lists, nor any Servants serving such Master or Mistrela in any Capacity mentioned in such List or Lists, shall, during the Year for which, such Duty shall be charged, be required, for himself or herself, to make any such Return, or to pay the Duties by this Act imposed on Persons using or wearing Hair Powder, nor be liable to any Penalty by reason of not*thing any such Return, or not paying the said Duty.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, in relation to the Duties by this Act imposed on Persons using or wearing any Armonal Bearing or Ensign, shall be construed to extend to any of the Royal Family, or to any Person who shall by Right of Office, or by Appointment, wear or use aay of the Arms or Insignia worn or used by the Royal Family, or used by any City, Borough, or Town Corporate in Great Britain.

or th

XI. And be it further enacted, That the first Assessment to be made of the said Rate or Duty for using or wearing Hair Powder in England, shall commence from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and one, and shall be made for one whole Year, at the Rate mentioned in the said Schedule marked

(A.);

Where Parents having more thao two unmarried Daughters, shall be assessed for them in Twice the Duty of a single Person wearing Hair Powder, such Assessment shall exempt the Whole-

I/a Master pay the Hair Powder Duty for his Servants (returning a List) they shall be exempted from it during their Continuance in his Service, and their Successors during the Year for which paid.

Armorial Bearing Duties shall not extend to the Royal Family, or Person* entitled toufrthcii Arrusr feof Cities, &c.

Commencement of AiTt Aments in England, how they shall be

u6 C. 69.

41° GEORGII III. ( .)A.D. 1801.

made, and when payable.

Assessiroentt in Scotland shall be made and paid yearly.

First Assessment in Sco i .ru!, (if the Hair Powder Duty shall be for one Year and the Eighth Part of another Year. Where the Armorial Bearing Duty shall have been paid until June 24, by Persons assessl-dlYom May 14, i8or, they shall be entitled to a proportionable Return thereof from Commissioners for the Taxes on Houses, &c.shall be the Commissioners for executing this Act, " ice.

Duties lh.\ll be

aiTi'lied, &c. as apjK>intcdby any Act in Force for assessing Duties under the Commissionerstbr the Adairs of Taxes.

(A.); and the first Assessment of the said Pates and Duties for wearing and nfing any Armorial Bearing or Ensign in England, shall commence from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, and shall be made for three Quarters of a Year; and every future Assessment in England, of all the said several Rates and Duties by this Act granted, shall be made yearly, for one Year commencing from the fifth Day of April yearly; and all the said several Rates and Duties to be a(Te(Ted in England, shall be paid on or before the tenth Day of October in every Year, upon all Assessments made before that Day, and upon all Assessments made after the tenth Day of OSocter, for that Year, on or before the Quarter Day: videlicet) the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October, which shall next happen alter such Assessment 5 the first Payment thereof to be made on or before the tenth Day of October one thousand eight hundred and one.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Assessment of the said several Duties to be made in Scotland, shall be made for one whole Year from the Term of Whitsunday in every Year, and shall be paid yearly 5 (that is to say, ) on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September in every' Year, upon all previous Assessments; and upon all Assessments made after that Day, for that Year, ou or before the twenty*fifth Day of March and the twenty-ninth Day of September, which shall happen next after such Assessment, the first Payment thereupon to be made on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and one.

XIII. Provided always, That the first: Assessment to be made in Scotland of the said Duty for wearing Hair Powder, shall be for one Year from the said Term of Whitsunday, and the eighth Part of another Year in addition, to answer the Duty for the Period then elapsed between the said fifth Day of April-one thousand eight hundred and one, and the said twenty-fourth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and one; which additional one-eighth Part shall be paid, together with the first Half-yearly Payment, as aforesaid: Provided also, That all Persons who shall have already paid the Duty on Certificates for using Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, until and upon the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one, and shall be assessed under this Act from the twenty-fourth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and one, shall, after paying the said first Assessment, be entitled to receive from the Commissioners of Stamps, or any Officer appointed by them, out of any Monies arising from the Duties hereby repealed, such a Proportion of the Duties already paid as shall be necessary to prevent a Double Payment of the said Duties for the said Period, for which Purpose the said Commissioners of Stamps are hereby required to make such Orders in respect to the Time and Manner of such Repayments, as to them shall appear bell calculated to effectuate the Intention of this Act, and to prevent a Double Charge.

the Stamp Office.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners authorized or appointed, or who shall hereafter be authorized or appointed to put in Execution the several Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes on inhabited Houses, and on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and on Male Servants, and on Carriages, and on Horses, Mules, and Dogs, shall be Commissioners for executing this Act, and the Powers herein contained or hereby directed to be applied, and in all and Angular the Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively within Great Britain, and shall proceed in the Execution of this present Act in such and the same Manner as is prescribed by the said Acts relative to the Duties on inhabited Houses, and on Houses, Window's, and Lights* and on Male Servants, and on Carriages, and on Horses, Mules, and Dogs; and the said Commissioners shall* in all Things relative to the Duties by this Act imposed, have the like Powers, Authorities, and Jurisdictions, in appointing Collectors, making Assessments, and in enforcing, correding, and amending, or relieving from the same, as are given to them by the said Acts in like Cases, relative to the said Duties, except so far as any Alteration is made by this Act; and that the several Surveyors, Inspectors, Assessors, and Collectors, respectively appointed, or to be appointed to put in Execution the said several Acts relative to the said Duties before-mentioned, or any of them, shall respectively be Surveyors, Inspectors, Assessors, and Collectors, to put in Execution this Act, and shall respectively do and perform all such Acts as shall be necessary for causing Notices to be delivered to and served upon all and every the Persons liable to the Duties hereby imposed, at such Times and in such Manner as by the said Acts and this Act is required, in relation to the before-mentioned Duties respectively, or any of them; and the said Commissioners and other the Persons aforesaid, being duly qualified to ad in the Execution of the said several Acts above-mentioned, or any of them, shall and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all other Things necessary for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the said Duties hereby imposed, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner as they or any of them are or is authorized to put in Execution the several Acts now in Force relating to the said Duties on inhabited Houses, and on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and on Servants, and on Carriages, and on Horses, Mules, and Dogs, or any Matters and Things respectively contained in any of the said Acts or any other Act relating thereto, so far as the same are applied to the Duties granted by this Act, and not varied or altered by this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said several Rates and Duties by this Act granted, shall severally and respectively be assessed, raised, levied, collected, and received, in such and the like Form and Manner, and with such Powers of Surcharge, and Appeal from the same, under the like Penalties and Forfeitures, and according to such Rules, Methods, and Directions and Provisions, as are prescribed and appointed by any Act or Acts now in Force for assessing, raising, levying, collecting, recovering, and paying the Rates and Dut'ea under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, ?s far as the lame were in Force at and immediately before the passing this Act, and are severally and respectively applicable to the Rates and Duties hereby granted, or any of them, and are not hereby altered; and all and every the Pow ers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in any Act or Acts, in relation to the said Rates and Duties, or any of them, and in Force at and immediately before the passing of this Act,

I for

A.D. 180t

41° GEORGII III. (U.K.)

for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying the Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or for fixing for or recovering the Penalties or Forfeitures therein contained, andjiot hereby altered, shall be in full Force, and be feverafiy and respectively duly observed, practised, and put in Execution throughout the different Parts of Great Britain, for the assessing, surcharging, raising, levying, collecting, and paying the several Duties by this Act granted, and for suing for or recovering the Penalties or Forfeitures herein contained, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the dune Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Assessors for the Time being shall, within sixty Days after the passing of this Act, for the present Year ending on the fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and two, and for every subsequent Year after the said Day, within twenty-one Days after the fifth Day of April in such Year, cause General Notices to be affixed on the Doors of the Church or Chapel, and Market-house or Cross (if any) of the City, Town, Parish or Place, for which such Assessors shall Act; and if such Place shall not have a Church or Chapel, or Market House or Cross, then on the nearest Church or Chapel Door of aqy adjoining Parish, requiring all Persons residing in the said City, Town, Parish or Place, who are by this Act required so to do, to make out and deliver to the respective Assessors such Lifts'or Declarations as are herein after required; and such General Notice shall, from the Time when the same shall be affixed, be deemed fuffkrient Notice of the Time within which the Returns before-mentioned shall be required to be made in each Year, to all Persons residing if* such City, Town, Parish, or Place; and the affixing the same in the Manner before directed shall be deemed good Service of such Notice, to all Persons within the Limits of such City, Town, Parish or Place; and the said respective Assessors shall cause the said Notices from Time to Time to be replaced f if necessary) for the Space of twenty-one Days, before the Time required for the Delivery of such Lifts or Declarations as aforesaid; and every Person wilfully tearing, defacing, or obliterating, any such Notice so affixed, shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding twenty rounds nor less than five Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered under any Law relating to the Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, besides such General Notice as aforesaid, the said respective Assessors shall, within sixty Days after the passing of this Act, for the respective Periods aforesaid ri which the first Assessment under this Act is directed to be made, and for every subsequent Year after the said Periods, within twenty-one Days after the fifth Day of April in England, and the twenty-fourth Day of May ia Scotland, in every such Year, give or leave at every such Dwelling House where any Person liable or supposed to be liable to the Duties hereby imposed, or either of them, mall reside, within the Limits of the Places lor which such Assessors aft, one Notice to and for the Occupier thereof; and where such Dwelling House shall be let in different Apartments, and occupied distinctly by different Persons or Families, a like Notice to and for the Occupier of each distinct Story or Apartment, provided any Person liable or supposed to be liable as ^bresaid shall reside there; and also a like Notice to and for every Person so liable then residing in such Dwel-Hag House as a Lodger or Inmate within the Knowledge of such Assessor or Assessors; requiring such Persons adpe&irety to prepare and produce, within twenty-one Days next entiling the Day of giving such Notice, a List or Declaration in Writing in the Form herein after required: And if any Person liable to the said Duties, or either of them, or coining within any of the Exemptions contained in this Act, shall neglect or refuse to make out and deliver to the Aueffor or Assessors a List or Declaration in the Form and within the Time herein prescribed, after such General or Special Notice as aforesaid, and as the Case may require, he or she fb refuting or neglecting shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered as any other Penalty may be recovered by any Law relating to the Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners; and such Assessor or Assessors shall return to the Commissioners for executing this Act the Names of the Persons making such Default.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall have used or worn Hair Powder, or any Armorial Bearing or Entign, within the Year ending on the then preceding fifth Day of dprll in England, or twenty-fourth Day of May in Scotland, shall return a List or Declaration as herein after mentioned, in the Parish or Place where he or she shall then reside, within twenty-one Days after the affixing or delivering of such Notice as aforesaid; and every Lift to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall be in Writing and signed with the Name in the proper Hand Writing, and shall contain the Place of Abode of the Person returning the fame, with a Declaration whether he or she is a Housekeeper, or one of the Family, or a Lodger, Inmate, Apprentice or Servant abiding in the House of any Person; and every Lift returned by any Occupier of a Dwelling House or Distinct Apartment as aforesaid, fnafl contain the Names and Places of Abode of every Person resident in such Dwelling House, distinguishing whether such Perfor.s so residing be of the Family, or be Lodgers or Inmates, or Apprentices or Servants; and in case such Householder or Occupier having unmarried Daughters, or any Servant or Servants, shall be detirous of being personally charged to the Duties hereby imposed on Persons using or wearing Hair Powder instead of and for his or her unmarried Daughters, or for any Servant or Servants, as herein is allowed, then also such Lift shall contain the Number and Names of such unmarried Daughters and Servants respectively to be so charged to him or her, and the Capacities in which such Servant or Servants shall serve; and if any Occupier of any Dwelling House or Distinct Apartment as aforesaid, shall aot return a List of Persons residing with him or her as aforesaid, or shall omit any Person who ought to have been included therein, and who to his or her Knowledge shall have worn or used Hair Powder, or any Armorial Bearing or Entign, within the Period for which such Return should be made, every such Occupier shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, and shall be liable to Prosecution, and be deemed guilty thereupon, yrhether it shall appear that the Person so omitted or not returned hath or hath not for himself or herself made a Return at the lame or any other Place, or hath or hath not been prosecuted for

any

7

j

Assessors shall cause Notices to lx* affixed on the Doors of Churches, See. requiting all Persons to deliver Lifts which shall he deemed good Service of such Notice.

Penalty for defacing Notices, from 2oh to 5l.

A fleflbrt shall give Notice to Occupiers of Houses and Lodgeis to produce Lilts.

Penalty of 20l. for not delivering Lifts to the Assessors.

Every Person who shall have wo n H. ir Powder, or any Armorial Bearing, within the preceding Year, shall return a List within a limited Time, containing funtlry Particulars.

Penalty for not it-iurning Lifts, or lor omitting Pei suns who ought to have been included therein, 20k

I 2 B

C. 69.

41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

any Offence against this Act, or is or is not amenable to Justice therefor; and the Conviction of any Person for not returning or omitting any other Person as aforesaid, shall not be deemed to exempt the Person so omitted or not returned from paying the Duty by this Act imposed, or from Prosecution or Punishment for any Offence against this Act; provided that any Person residing in any Dwelling House, at the Time of making such Return as a Lodger or Inmate, who mail elsewhere have his or her Place of ordinary Residence, shall be returned as ordinarily residing in such other Place.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Assessors shall, upon Receipt of any List containing the Name of any Lodger or Inmate returned as liable to any of the Duties by this Act imposed, within the Pari fa or Place where the said Assessors aft, give or leave the like Notice for every such Person to prepare and produce within the like Period, a List or Declaration signed as aforesaid; and every such Person shall, within twenty-one Days after Notice left at such Dwelling House, make out a List or Declarat', n, as the Case shall require, and sign the same in the Manner before directed, under the Penalty before mentioned for neglecting to deliver any such Lift or Declaration to any Householder.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Occupier as aforesaid, in whose Dwelling House or Apartment any Person liable to the Duties by this Act granted, or any or either of them, shall reiide as a Lodger or In-mate, shall, for the Purpose of making accurate Returns, cause the Contents of the Notice left at his or her Dwelling House to be read over and made known to each and every such Lodger or Inmate not having received a like Notice, requiring them respectively to declare to him or her, and attest, the Return to be made, Whether he or she be liable to the said Duties or either of them, or be exempted therefrom; and every Person so tefident, being thereunto required as aforesaid, shall be obliged to make such Declaration, except Persons having Places of usual Residence elsewhere as aforesaid; and if any such Lodger or Inmate shall wilfully refuse to give an Account as required by this Act, or to attest the Return to be made thereof, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered as aforesaid; or if any Occupier to whom any such Declaration shall be made, shall neglect to insert the same in the Return to be made to the A(Te(Tor or Assessors in pursuance of this Act, every such Person shall also forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered as aforesaid.

ATTeflors, on

Receipt of Lifts containing the Names of Lodgers, shall leave Notice for them to produce Lifts.

Every Occupier of a House shall require Lodgers, not having received Notice, to declare to him, and attest the Returns whether they be liable to the Duties or not, unless they have usual Residence elsewhere.

Penalty on Lodger* refusing to give such Account, Sec. and Occupiers neglecting to return the fame, 20l.

Persons having taken out Certificates up to April 5, 1802, shall not be chargeable with the Hair Powder Duty, for that Period, but shall return to the Assessors the Places where, they took out such Certificates. Person*

not having worn Hair Powder or Armorial Bearings, shall make returnrto Notice* on Penalty from 5l. to 40s. Persons claim ing Exemptions shall make Returns thereof to the Assessors; the Proof of Exemption shall lie on the Claimant.

Lodgers and others having divers Places of Residence, shall deliver a Return at each Place, declaring where they intend to be charged, on Penalty of 20l.

Stamp Office shall transmit to the Tax Office Alphabetical Lists of the Persons having obtained Certificates under 35G. 3. C. 49, for the Year ending April 5, iSoz,

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to extend to charge with the said Duty imposed upon Persons using Hair Powder, for the first Period of making an Assessment under this Act, any Person who shall have duly obtained a stamped Certificate, pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act, passed in the thirty-fifth Year aforesaid, for the Year ending on the fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and two, provided such Person, when required, shall make a Return to the Assessor or Assessors where he shall reside, of the Office or Place where he shall have taken out such Certificate; and if required so to do, shall produce such Certificate to the said Assessor or Assessors; Provided also, That if any Person to or for whom a Notice as aforesaid shall be delivered, shall not have worn or used Hair Powder, or any Armorial Bearing or Ensign, within the Period for which such Return shall be required, such Person being required so to do, shall nevertheless return a Declaration thereof, according to such Form as the Assessor or Assessors shall have delivered for that Purpose, on Pain of forfeiting, for any Neglect therein, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Person claiming to be within any of the Exemptions contained in tins Act, shall make a due Return thereof, according to such Form as shall be required by the Assessor or Assessors; and if any Dispute shall arise whether the Person be entitled to such Exemption, the Proof thereof shall lie on the Person claiming such Exemption, who on any Suit or Prosecution, or on any Surcharge, shall be permitted to alledge the same on Oath or Affirmation, or to prove the same by lawful Evidence to be produced and shewn by him; provided that no Exemption be allowed, unless the same and the Cause thereof - shall have been duly returned to the Assessor or Assessors as aforesaid.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Person being an Inmate or Lodger in any Parish or Place, at the Time of receiving any such Notice as aforesaid, and having an ordinary Residence at some other Place whereat such Person ought to be charged, and every Person who hath or shall have divers Places of Residence, and is or may be desirous of paying the said Duties at one of such Places, shall be obliged, to deliver a Return at each of such Places, declaring therein the particular County and Parish or Place where he or she intends or ought to be charged for the said Duties, and the particular Description of such Duty or Duties, to enable the Assessor or Assessors at such Place to charge the Came accordingly; on pain that every Person offending in any of the Particulars beforementioned shall be chargeable at either Place, and for Neglect in making such Return shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Stamp Duties for the Time being shall, so soon after the passing of this Act as conveniently can be done, cause a List in Alphabetical Order to b« made out, of the Names of all and every the Persons who shall have obtained Certificates in pursuance of the said Act of the thirty-fifth Year aforesaid for the Year ending on the fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and two, containing the proper Names, Places of Abode, and the Description of such Persons respectively, and shall transmit the same to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; a Copy of which Lift, or any Part thereof", signed by the Secretary to the said last mentioned Commissioners, shall be admitted in Evidence in all Courts and before all Persons acting in the Execution of this Act, and for which Copy no more than one Shilling shall be paid for each Person contained therein.

Copies of Lifts signed by the Secretary to the Tax Office shall be Evidence.

Tax Office may

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes to ca«fe Lists of cause such List or Lists of Names and Places of Abode of Persons naving made Returns in pursuance of this

2

persons having

A.D. 1801. 4i* GEORGII III.

C. 69.

or of Persons charged to the Duties by this Act granted, to be made out for tile Purpose of being in-fpcded by any Person or Persons who shall make Application to insped the fame, as to them shall seem necessary for the better Execution of this Act, and to authorize Copies of such Lifts, or any Part thereof, to be made out in such Manner, by the several Inspectors, Surveyors, and Officers employed under them, and at such Times and at such Places, as to such Commissioners shall seem fit; all which Lifts and Copies signed by any Inspector or Surveyor, or other Officer aforesaid authorized by the said Commissioners, shall be admitted in Evidence in all Courts and before all Persons acting in the Execution of this Act, and for which Copies the like Fee and no more may be taken as is herein-before allowed.

Aiade Return*, or of Persons charged to the Duties, to be made out for the Inspetftion of any Persons applying, and may authorize Copies to be made which shall be Evidence.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, Tax Office by

under the Direction of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, from Time to Time to publish or oftI, c

cause to be published in the several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Towns, Parishes, and Places respect pJbHlhTiSTof tively, in such Manner and Form as they shall think most fit, Lifts containing the Names of any Persons charged the Persons to any of the Duties granted by this Act, and to cause the same to be affixed as herein after mentioned; and if chained to the any rerson shall wilfully tear, deface, or remove any List of any such Names, or any Part of such Lift, that Duties* shall be affixed by Order of such Commissioners as aforesaid upon any Church or Chapel Door or Market Cross, Sau|.c them'be he or she shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of five Pounds. n^ty ^'de-

facing or removing Lifts, 5l.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners appointed to execute this Act, shall, in the Tax Office in Precepts to be from Time to Time directed by them, for the Appointment of Assessors under the said the Piecepts for Ada, relative to the said Duties on Inhabited Houses, and on Houses, Windows, or Lights, and other the Duties before mentioned, or any of them, cause Notice to be inserted, that such Persons are also appointed Assessors of the Duties granted by this Act; and if at any Time there shall be a Neglect of Appointment of the Assessors of the said Duties, or if at any Time the Persons appointed shall neglect to do and perform what is required of them by this Act, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors, or Inspector or Inspectors, appointed or to be appointed under Authority of the said Acts, and they are hereby required to do and perform such and the like Services as by this Act is required from Assessors.

such Appointment or Neglect of A {Teflon, Surveyors shall AA.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time the Assessors, Surveyors, or Inspectors, or any Assessors, kc. of them, shall, upon Examination of any List or Lists, or otherways, find that any Persons liable to the Duties jgranted by this Act hath not made any Return, or a true Return, whereby such Person could be charged at the Rates which he or she ought to be charged by virtue of this Act, such Assessors, Surveyors, and Inspec-ton respectively, shall surcharge and make a true Assessment upon such Person, charging such Person the Sum which ought to be charged by virtue of this Act; and if any Person so surcharged shall upon an Appeal against such Surcharge, or at the Time of allowing the fame, upon any Information exhibited before the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or any Two or more of them, be adjudged by them to be guilty of any Offence against this Act, for which any pecuniary Penalty is infiided, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to assess upon the Party by way of Penalty any further Sum, not exceeding the Penalty hereby infiided for such Offence, in Addition to the said Duty, as the said Commissioners shall think fit, and to cause the said Penalty so assessed to be charged upon such Person, and to be collected in the same Manner as the Duties granted by this Act are directed to be collected; and the Assessors, Surveyors, and Inspectors making such Surcharges, shall be entitled to receive from the Receivers General the Amount of such Penalties, in such Shares, where Two or more of them are employed, as the Commissioners for executing this Act shall certify to the Commissioners far the Affairs of Taxes, they are respectively entitled unto; and the Adjudication of the said Commissioners shall be final and condusive to all Intents and rurposes, without Power of appealing from the feme; and the Proceedings of the said Commissioners shall not be removeable by any Process whatever into any Court of Law or Equity, except a Case shall be demanded and stated for the Opinion of one of the Judges or Justices of the Superior Courts, mentioned in the said Acts, conformably to the Directions contained therein in other Cases relative to assessed T^xes: Provided always, That the said Commissioners shall in no Case mitigate the Sum to be assessed by way of Penalty as aforesaid, to a less Sum than one-fourth Part of the Sum to which the Penalty asexpressed in this Act is thereby limited not to exceed: Provided also, That the Assessment of any Sum as aforesaid, by way of Penalty, by the said Commissioners, may be pleaded or shewn in bar of any subsequent Prosecution or Suit for the same Offence.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons charged to the Duties granted by this Act, or either of them, shall remove out of the Parish or Place without first paying or discharging all the said Duties charged upon him, her, or them, for that Year, or without leaving in such Parish or Place sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon the said Duties may be raised and levied as they respectively become payable, and the same shall remain unpaid for the Space of twenty Days after the Time appointed by this Act for Payment thereof, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for executing this Act, in the Parish or Place where such Duties shall be charged, and they are hereby required, to certify to the Commissioners of any District where such Person may be, at any Time and from Time to Time as the Case may Require, the Amount of the Assessment made upon such Person or Persons together with the Amount of what may be in Arrear and due thereon; and such fall men. booed Commissioners shall thereupon issue a Warrant of Distress for the Recovery' of the Whole of the Duty that shall then be in Arrear, and the reasonable Costs attending such Certificate and Distress, and the Recovery of the said Duties, together with any Sum that may have been imposed upon such Person by way of Penalty for any Offence against this Act; and if Goods or Chattels cannot be found whereon Distress for the 41 Geo. III. (U.K.) S whole

Appointment of AfieiTors of Duties on Houses, &c. shall state that they are np-pointedAssessorc of the Duties under this Act; on failure of

tray surcharge Personj neg-Je£ing to make due returns, and the Commissioners may assess Penalties in Addition to the Duty.

Assessors, See. making Surcharges entitled to such Penalties. Adjudir..iions of Coinmiflioiieis final, and not removeable, ex-ct pt a Case Lx* demanded. Penalties may not be mitigated to k I' th.in and ih.iil bar othci Piufccu-

Fi': l<»ns removing \\ idiout f\.\ ing ti e Dune-, a*c. shall iu: h it 20l. and the Commissii»ner> lor the Plac e vehete charged (h 11 < e: t: fy to the

CnniHufliontTS of any Dillriil wlu-ic such Person may be tbs Amount of tli? Alleflim it i: j Arrear, lot

i3o C. 69, 70. 41 GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

h^h'h* u, ter whole Sums contained in such Warrant cannot be made, then such Part as cannot be so levied by Distrest as afore*

Wanamof recoverable as a Debt upon Record to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

Distress, with Costs and Penalty.

" Duties shall be paid into the Exchequer, and carried to the Consolidated Fund, §30."

Duties Hull be

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising from the Duties on Persons in paid into the respect of their wearing or using Hair Powder, and the Duties on Persons in respect of their wearing or using from eichother1 Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, shall, during the Remainder of the respective Periods of ten Years, to be kc. and entered computed from the Times of granting the Duties on Certificates as aforesaid, hereby repealed, mentioned in in separate Ac- the said recited Acts, be paid into the said Receipt distinctly and apart from each other and from all other Branches of the publick Revenue; and there shall be provided and kept, in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, a Book, in which all the Produce of the said first-mentioned Duty shall be entered in the separate Account directed to be kept by several Acts passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall be entered; and another Book in which all the Produce of the last mentioned Duties shall be en-

tered in the separate Account directed to be kept by the several Acts passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Purposes in the said several Acts respectively mentioned.

SCHEDULE (A.)

A SCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable by Persons using or wearing Hair Powder.

£. s.

J^Y every Person who shall use or wear any Hair Powder, the Annual Sum of - 1 1 o

The said Rate or Duty to extend to every Sort or Composition of Powder which shall be used or worn by any Person as an Article of or in or about his or her Dress, by whatever Name the same shall be distinguished, and to be assessed upon and paid by the Person using or wearing the fame, except where the Duties shall be paid by the Mailer or Mistress of any Servant, or by the Parent of any unmarried Daughter, in the Cases in the Act mentioned.

counts, during the Remainderof the Term of 10 Years, contained in recited Acts.

Gaolers shall make out. Lists of Prisoners who, on March 1, 1801, or since, and at the Time of making them out, were in Custody for Debt, b\c.

Lifts shall be delivered to the first or second Quarter Session, after passing the, Aii.

I. d.

2 2 O

I I O

O 10 6

SCHEDULE (B.)

A SCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable by every Person who shall use or wear, or cause to be used or worn, any Armorial Bearing or Ensign, by whatever Name the same shall be called; (viz.)

T)Y every such Person keeping a Coach or other Carriage chargeable with any Duty under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, the Annual Sum of By every such Person not keeping any such Coach or other Carriage, but who shall he chargeable to any of the Duties on inhabited Houses, or to the Duties on Houses,

Windows, or Lights, the annual Sum of By every such Person not keeping any such Coach or other Carriage, not being chargeable to the said Duties on inhabited Houses, or to the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, the Sum of -

The said Rates and Duties to be paid by the Person using or wearing, or causing to be used or worn, Arv morial Bearings or Ensigns.

CAP. LXX.

An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors.

[27th June 1801.]

WHEREAS, notwithstanding the great Prejudice and Detriment which occasional Acts of Insolvency may produce to Trade and Credit, it may be convenient, in the present Condition of the Prisons and Gaols in this Kingdom, that some of the Prisoners who are now confined therein should be set at Liberty: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison, in any County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, within this Kingdom, shall, is, and are hereby required to make a true, exact, and perfect List, alphabetically, of the Name or Names of all and every Person or Persons, who, upon the first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, was or were, or at any Time since have been, under the Terms and Conditions herein mentioned, and at the Time of making out every such List shall be, really an actual Prisoner or Prisoners, in the Custody of any Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers, of any Prison respectively, upon any Process whatsoever, for or by reason of any Debt, Damage, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, or Contempt for Non-payment of Money; and an Account of the Time when such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were respectively charged in Custody, or received in Prison, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Prosecution such Prisoner or Prisoners is or are detained; and shall deliver the same to the Justices of the Peace, at their first or second General Quarter Session, or General Session of the Peace, to be held after the passing of this Act, or at some Adjournment thereof, for such County, Riding, City, Division, Town, Place, or Liberty respectively.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. C. 70.

13*

II. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of his Majesty's Prison of the Fleet, and Marshal of the King's Bench Prison, and every other Keeper and Gaoler of any other Prison in any Place or Liberty, in this Kingdom, shall severally, on the delivering in of any such List of Prisoners in their respective Custody, take an Oath, in the open Court of such General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to the Effect following; (that is to lay),

4 TA.P. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess, and declare, f*That all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names is or are inserted and contained in the first

Part of the Lift by me now delivered in and subscribed, was or were, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, upon the first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody, in the Prison of \insert the Name of the Prison], at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons

therein respectively mentioned; and also that all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names is or are inserted or contained in the second Part of the said Lift now by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid, have, since the said first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, been committed or fur-

rendered to the said Prison [insert the Name of the Prison] at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned, and that the Person or Persons whose Name or Names is or are therein

contained, was and were, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody on the said first Day of March, as appears by the Returns made to me on his and their respective Com-

mhinents.*So help me God.*

Which the said Justices, at their first or second General Quarter Session or General Session aforesaid, or at some Adjournment thereof, within their respective Jurisdictions, are hereby empowered and required to administer in open Court; and the Words of the said Oath, herein before directed to be taken by the said Warden and Marshal respectively, and other Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison respectively, shall be entered or written at the End or Bottom of the Lift, which shall be delivered in by them respectively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them respectively in open Court; and every such Lift, which shall be so delivered in, subscribed and sworn to, in pursuance of this Act, shall be kept by the Clerk of the Peace, To^n Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace of every such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty respectively, in which any such Lift as aforesaid shall be sworn to, for the better Satisfaction of the said Justices, and Information of all or any Prisoner or Prisoners therein named^ and so as the same may, from Time to Time, be seen and examined by any Creditor or Creditors, or Prisoner or Prisoners, without Fee or Reward.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Keeper or Gaoler, Keepers or Gaolers, of any such Prison or Gaol, is and are hereby required, ten Days at least before the first or second General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace shall be held after the passing of this Act for the County, Riding, City, Division, Town, Place, or Liberty, in which any Prison or Gaol shall be, or to which the same shall belong, to fix up, in some conspicuous Place or Places in every such Prison or Gaol, and at the moil frequented ana usual Gate, Door, or Entrance, into every such Prison or Gaol, three or more true Copies of the List or Lists proposed or intended to be delivered in by any such Keeper or Gaoler at the said General Quarter SeiBons, or at some Adjournment thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons wrho, on the first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, were charged in any Prison or Gaol for the Non-payment of any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, which did not in the Whole amount to a greater Sum than one thousand five hundred Pounds, and whose Name or Names shall be inserted in any such Lift to be delivered in as aforesaid, taking the Oaths hereby directed to be taken, and shall perform, on his or her Part, what is required to be done by him or her by this Act, shall, as to his Person and Effects respectively, be for ever released, discharged, and exonerated, to such an Extent and in such Manner as is herein after provided, and no otherwise.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, who, on the Lid first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, was or were charged in any Prison or Gaol, or in Custody of any Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison or Gaol, for the Non-payment of any Debt or Debts, or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum herein-before mentioned, and who shall have been discharged by any Creditor or Creditors, without the Consent of such Debtor, after the said first Day of March, and before the passing of this Act, nevertheless to take the Benefit thereof, and he, she, or they, shall be entitled to all the Benefits of this Act, in like Manner as if he, she, or they, were in Custody at the Time of the passing of this Act: Provided, That any such Person shall present a Petition for that Purpose to the Justices of the Peace at any next General or Quarter Sessions, or any Special or Adjourned Session of the Peace, and surrender himself or herfeif at such Session*, and shall give Notice of such Surrender in the London or Dublin Gazette, as the Case may require, in like Manner and Form as is prescribed by this Act for Notices'by Persons intending to take the Benefit of this Act9 as far as the Form in the said Act contained is applicable to such Person.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall have been or shall be committed to aay Gaol or Prison, or to the Custody of any Keeper or Keepers, or Gaoler or Gaolers of any Gaol or Prison respectively, at any Time before the passing of this Act, for any Debt or Debts, or Sum or Sums of Money for which he or she shall have been imprisoned at any Time before the said first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, and at the Suit of the same Plaintiff, then and in such Case every such Person shall be entitled t)all the Benefits of this Act, and be deemed and construed to be within all and every the Provisions thereof, in 1e Manner in every Respect as if he or she had been charged in any Prison or Gaol, and was actually imprisoned cr in Custody on the said first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

/hall be entitled to the Be

S a VII. And

Warden of the Fleet, &V. and all other Gaolers shall take the following Oath on delivering in Lifts;

Oath.

Oath ftialibe ad* ministered at the Sessions irv open Court, and en-terctf at the End of the Lift.

Lift shall be kept by the Clerk of the Peace, and may be examined gratis.

Three Copies of Lifts shall be fixed up in each Prison ten Days before the Session.

Persons being Prisoners, on March 1, 1801, for Debts not exceeding 1, 500L conforming to this Act, shall be discharged. Persons discharged from P.ifon after March 1, i3or, and before the passing of this Act, without their Content, shall be intit'ed to the Benefit of this on fur-lenbcrini; thom-feive.s at Setlions.

Persons imprisoned be fore the passing of* thir A&» fur any Pii>t for which they shall have been imprisoned, at the Suit Of the same PLiMi'tT, before M.u h 1. 1 hot* lit of this Art,

132

Justice*. on Pettit ion*of Pri loner*, delivering Schedule* of their Estate*, may ilfne Warrant-. hr blinking them to the Quarter Seltum, be*

Tyro Justices may, upon Petition from Debtor*, aflfem-'fele their Courts as soon as may he after parting this Act, for the Purposes there-f, and appoint I

Scheduler shall Terrain with the Clerk of the Peace for Inspection.

Debtors intending to apply for their Difchsrge, shall give previous Notice thrice in the London or Dublin Gazette, &c.

Debtors shall deliver Schedules to the Gaoler previous to the 6iii Notice,

and for Neglect, shall be remanded to Prison.

C. 70. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, within this Kingdom, upon the Petition of any such Prisoner or Prisoners to any Justice or Justices of the Peace, within his or their respective Jurisdictions, upoa every such Prisoner or Prisoners so petitioning, and, at the Time of his or her so petitioning, leaving with the Justice or Justices of the Peace so petitioned, a true Copy of the Schedule, containing his or her intended Discovery of his or iier Real and Personal Estate, to be fv/orn to at the first or second General Quarter Session next ensuing after every such Petition, or some Adjournment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or under their Hands and Seals, to require the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keepers or Gaolers of any such Prison, within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices, to bring before the Justices at the first or second next General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, to be held, as the Case shall happen to be, next after the Expiration of ten Days from the Date of such Warrant, for such respective County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, the Body of any Person being in the said Prison as aforesaid, with the Warrant or Warrants of his or her Detainer, together with a Copy or Copies of the Cause or Causes which he, she, or they is or are charged with in any Prison or Gaol as aforesaid, at the Time aforesaid; for which Copy^ or Copies of such Cause or Causes, such Prisoner shall apply to the said Keeper or Gaoler of such Prison, or to' the Clerk of the Papers, or 'Other Person who shall make out and transcribe the fame, at lead six Days before the Time of his or her Appearance; which Warrant of every Justice or Justices, every such Sheriff and Sheriffs* Keeper or Gaoler, is and are hereby commanded to obey.

VIII. And whereas considerable Time may intervene between the passing of this Act and the next General ' Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, which would be the Means of detaining in Prison a Numbed of*Persons who, with their Families, are in the greatest Distress be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for any two or more of the Justices of the Peace for any County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, upon Petition, from Debtors as aforesaid, to assemble their respective Courts as soon as may be after passing this A A, for the Purpose of administering the Oaths, and other the Matters required by this Act, and to appoint such Day or Days for the Discharge of Prisoners as they shall see proper.

ays for the Discharge of Prisoners.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Copy of every such Schedule which shall be left or delivered in as aforesaid, shall be and remain with the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, in which the same shall have been so left, there to remain and be inspected, from Time to Time, as Occassion shall require, by any Creditor of any such Prisoner who shall desire to inspect the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every Debtor or Debtors confined in any Gaol of that Part of the United Kingdom called England or Wales, who shall intend to apply to be discharged and exonerated under this Act as aforesaid, shall first cause publick Notice to be inserted in three several London Gazettes, previous to such General or Quarter Session or General Session, or the Adjournment thereof, at which such Application shall be made; ana" if such Debtor shall be in Custody in any such Gaol out of London or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, then also in some Newspaper which shall be published in or near the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Place, in the Gaol whereof he or she shall be so in Custody; and in like Manner all and every Debtor and Debtors confined in any Gaol of that Part of the United kingdom called Ireland, who shall intend to apply to be discharged and exonerated under this Act, shall first cause publick Notice to be inserted in three several Dublin Gazettes, previous to such General or Quarter Session, or General Session, or the Adjournment thereof, at which such Application shall be made; and iFfuch Debtor shall be in Custody in any Gaol out of Dublin, or the County of Dublin, then also in some Newspaper in or near the County, City, Town, or Liberty, in the Gaol whereof he or she shall be so in Custody $ containing the Name* Trade, Occupation, and Description, and the two last Places of Abode, if so many, of every such Debtor and Debtors, and the Prison where he, she, or they is or are confined, and of his, her, or their Intention to take the Benefit of this Act, and mentioning such Notice in such Gazette or Newspaper respectively, to be the first* second, or third Notice, according to the Time of publiftring each of such Notices 5 for the inferring each of the said Notices in the London or Dublin Gazette, or in any other Newspaper, there shall be paid each Time, by every Prisoner, the Sum of Four-pence and no more; the first of which said Notices shall be so inserted in the said Gazettes respectively, and in the said other Newspapers, as the Case may require, twenty-one Days at the least* and the last of the said Notices six Days at the least before any such first or second General Quarter Session, or-General Session, or Adjournment thereof, shall be held as aforesaid, so that as well all the Creditors who have not charged the said Debtor or Debtors in Custody, as those Creditors who have charged such Debtor or Debtors m Execution, or on Mesne Process, or otherwise, may have sufficient Notice thereof.

XI. And, to the Intent that all Creditors may have full and sufficient Time to consider the Matters and Things contained in the Schedule or Schedules, intended to be delivered in by any Debtor or Debtors; be it further enacted, That every such Debtor, when he or she shall (according to the Directions of this Act) publish the iirft Notice of an Intention to take the Benefit of this Act, he or she shall, in such Notice, declare that the-Schedule containing his or her intended Discovery of his or her Real and Personal Estate (to be (worn to in Manner as by this Act is directed) is lodged in the Hands of the Keeper or Gaoler, or the Deputy of such Keeper or Gaoler, of the Prison wherein any such Debtor shall be confined; and every such Debtor is hereby directed and required to deliver such Schedule to such Keeper or Gaoler, or Deputy, as the Case may be, before he shall publish such first Notice as aforesaid, signed with his or her own Christian and Surname, to be attested by any: such Keeper, Gaoler, or Deputy; and in Case any Debtor shall neglect or refuse to deliver one such Schedule to such Keeper, Gaoler, or Deputy, prior to such his first Notice to be given as aforesaid, he or she, upon due Proof made of such Neglect* to the Satisfaction of the Court to which such Debtor shall make Application, shall be

remanded.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) C. 70.

remanded back to Prison, there to remain until he or she shall have complied with the Directions aforesaid; and every such Keeper, Gaoler, or Deputy, is hereby directed and required to attest the Signature of the Debtor's Name to such Schedule, and to receive the same into his Custody and Charge, giving a Duplicate thereof to every such Debtor, with an Acknowledgment of his having received the Original; and he is hereby further required to deliver a true Copy of any such Schedule, signed by himself, upon Requell: made to him by any Creditor for that Purpose, in Writing, such Copy to be delivered to the Creditor himself, or to such Person as he shall appoint to receive the same, within three Days after Demand made; and if any such Keeper, Gaoler, or Deputy, shall neglect or refuse to conform to the Directions hereby given him respecting inch Schedule, every such Keeper, Gaoler, or Deputy, so offending, shall pay the Sum of twenty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for and recover the fame, in any of liis Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin respectively, as the Case may be, by Action of Debt.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Notices to be given by every Debtor, in Manner directed by this Act, shall be to the effect following; (that is to say),

T {.insert the Name, Trade, Occupation, and Description, and the two laj} Places

1 of Abode, iffo many] now confined in [jnfert the Name of the Prison and County'],

1 and not being charged in Custody on the first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, with any

Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, exceeding in the Whole the Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds, do hereby give this [first, second, or third], publick Notice, that I intend to take the Benefit of air

Act, passed in the Forty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, [ here set forth the Title of this Att; and if it be the jirjl Notice, then add] And I do hereby give Notice, that a true and perfect .Schedule, containing 4 a JDilcovcry of all my Real and Personal Estate, hereafter to be sworn to, is now ready to be delivered to any Creditor applying for the same to the Keeper or Gaoler, or his Deputy, of the said Prison.'

And every such Notice shall be signed by the Debtor, and countersigned by the Keeper or Gaoler, or Deputy of such Keeper or Gaoler, of such Prison.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Debtor as aforesaid, not being charged as aforesaid, on the said first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, with any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, in the Whole to a greater Amount than the Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds, who shall apply to the General or (Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof, shall, in case it shall be proved upon Oath, or by producing the fai3 three Gazettes and Newspapers respectively before mentioned, to the said Justices at any such Session, or the Adjournment thereof, that such Notices were inserted in the London and Dublin Gazettes, and other Newspapers respectively, as were required in Manner aforesaid, and that the Person or Persons so applying vai or were actually a Prisoner or Prisoners on the first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, in the Prison or Gaol, in which his, her, or their Name or Names is or are specified in the Lift delivered in at such first or second Session, or any Adjournment thereof, or in some other Prison or Gaol as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, and shall, in open Court, at the said General Quarter Session or General Session, or any Adjournment thereof, subscribe and deliver in a true Schedule or Account of all his or her Real Estate, in Possession, Re-version* Remainder, or Expect^ncy, and of any other Nature and Kind whatsoever, and also the whole of his or her Personal Eftlte, which he or she, or any rerson or Persons in Trust for him or her, or for his or her Use, Benefit, or Advantage, is or are seised of, interested in, or entitled to, or was or were in his, her, or their Pofftffiod, Custody, or Power, or which he, she, or they, or such Person or Persons had any Power of disposing of or charging for his, her, or their Benefit or Advantage, at any Time since his or her Commitment to Prison, with the Names of his or her several Debtors, and where they respectively live or may be met with; and the several Sums of Money from them respectively owing, and how the same respectively became due, and are secured, and if by Mortgage, Specialty, Contract, Note, or other Writing, then the Name and Names, and Places of Abode, of the several Witnesses who can prove such Debts or Contrafts, (if there be any such) -r and shall also make Oath and swear to the following Effect, according to the Special Circumstances lo far as the same shall be confident with the Provisiont herein after contained; (that is to say),

I A.B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, protest, and declare,

1 That on the fim Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, I was really and truly a Prisoner,

in the actual Custody of in the Prison or Gaol of

at the Suit of without any Fraud or Collusion whatsoever; and that I have, ever since

4 my Commitment, continued a Prisoner within the Prison of in the actual Custody of the

Keeper or Gaoler of the said Prison of [or mentioning some other Prison or Prisons, as the Case

may beor within the Liberties thereof,t the Suit of and without any Fraud or Collusion

whatsoever; and that the Schedule now delivered by me, and subscribed, doth contain, to the best of my Know-

ledge. Remembrance, and Belief, a full, just, true, and perfect Account and Discovery of all the Goods, Effects, and Estates, Real and Personal, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, and of every other Nature

and Kind whatsoever, which I, or any Person in Trust forme, or for my Benefit or Advantage, are seised orpof-

lefSed of, interested in, or entitled to, or was or were in my Possession, CuAody, or Power, or in the Possession, Custody, or Power of any such Person as aforesaid, or which I or such Person had any Power of disposing of or charge bag for my Benefit or Advantage, at auy Time since my Commitment to Prison, and of all Debts to me owing, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me, and of all the Securities and Contrafts whereby any Money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable, or any Benefit or Advantage may accrue to me, or to my Use, or to any Person or Persons in Trust forme, and the Names and Places of Aboae of the several Persons from whom such Debts are due and owing, and of the Witnesses that can prove such Debts or Contrafts \jf any such there be], and that neither I, nor any other Person or Persons in Trust forme, or my Use, have any Lands, Money, Stock,

or any Estate, Real or Personal, in PosselfioB, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, or of any Nature or Kind

2 4 soever

133

Gaoler shall attest Signature* to Sc heduics, and give Copies to Debtois, and and also to Creditors demanding them, on Penalty of 201.

Notices shall be given in the following

Form,

signed by the Debtor and Gaoler.

Debtors applying at the Session proving Notices were duly inserted, shall, in open Court, deliver in signed Schedules, containing certain-Particulars. and take the following Oath.

Oath.

A.D. 1801.

i34

Schedule and Oath shall be subscribetl by the Debtor, and remain with the Clerk of the Peace 1'or Perusal of Creditors. Court, at the Requetl of a Creditor, may examine Gaolers on Oath.

Debtor's Oath not being disproved, the Court shall order his Discharge.

Eft ate and Effects of discharged Debtors vested in the Clerk of the Peace, who is to assign the same to such Creditors as the Court shall direct, in Trull for the Whole.

Assignees shall get in Effects, and fell them,

Assignees shall Audi make Di-

C. 70. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.)

soever, or Tower of disposing of, or charging for my Benefit or Advantage, other than what are in the said Schedule contained, except Wearing Apparel and Bedding for myself and Family, Working Tools, and necessary Implements for my Occupation and Calling, together with a Sum of Money not exceeding five Pounds, and these in the Whole not exceeding the Value of Thirty Pounds; and that I have not, nor any Person for me hath, directly or indirectly, fold, lessened, or otherwise conveyed, disposed of in Trust, or concealed, all or any Part of my Lands, Money, Goods, Chattels, Stock, Debts, Securities, Contracts, or Estates, Real or Personal, whereby to secure the fame, or to receive of expect any Profit or Advantage therefrom, or with an Inteat to defraud or deceive any Creditor or Creditors to whom I am or was indebted in anywise howsoever.

'So help me God.'

And the said Schedule and Oath shall be, by every such Debtor, subscribed in the Presence of the Justices in open Session of the Peace, as hereby directed, and shall be kept by, and remain with the Clerk of th'e Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, for the County, City, Liberty, Division, Town or Place, where the same shall be subscribed and taken, for the better Information of all the Creditors of such Debtor who shall desire or may have Occasion to resort thereto, and every such Creditor shall be at Liberty, at seasonable Times in the Day Time, to peruse and examine the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions, at any such General Quarter Session or General Session, or Adjournment thereof, at the Request of any Creditor or Creditors of any such Debtor, are hereby authorized to cause the Deputy Warden and Marshal of the Fleet and King's Bench Prison, or any other Under Officer, Tipstaff, and Turnkey of any Prison or Gaol, and any other Person, within their respective Jurisdictions, to come before them, and to examine them respectively on Oath touching any of the Matters contained in any of the Oaths prescribed by this Act to be taken, and the Truth thereof; and if the Oath which shall have been taken in open Court by any Debtor or Debtors shall not be disprovtd by good Teitimony of any credible Person or Persons on Oath, and such Justices, or the major Part of them present at any such General Quarter Session, or General Session, or any Adjournment thereof, shall be satisfied with the Truth of the Oath taken by such respective Debtor, then such Justices shall, in such Session, or some Adjournment thereof, adjudge such Debtor or Debtors to be entitled to the Benefit of this Act; and shall order the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers, of such Prison or Prisons, .forthwith to set at Liberty such Prisoner or Prisoners, without having or taking any Fee or Reward, other than one Shilling for the Trouble of his Attendance with every such Prisoner at the said Session for his said Discharge; and every such Order shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers, of such Prison or Prisons, and shall indemnify him or them against any Escape or Escapes, Action or Actions whatsoever for Escape, which shall or may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted, against him or them.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, and Trust, of such Debtor of, in, and unto, all the Real Estate, as well Freehold and of as Customary, and to all the Personal Estate, Debts, and Effects of every such Debtor, shall, immediately after such Adjudication, be, and the same is hereby v^sted in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer aaing as Clerk of the Peace, of and for the County, Riding, City, Town Corporate, Division, Liberty or Place, where any Debtor shall be respectively discharged; and every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, is hereby directed and required to make an Assignment and Conveyance - of every such Debtor's Estate and Effects, vested in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, to such Creditor or Creditors of the said Debtor as the Justices, at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, which shall be held by them within their respective Jurisdictions shall order and direct, which Assignment and Conveyance shall be good and effectual in the Law', to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without being wrote on Parchment or Paper stamped, to vest the Estates thereby assigned and conveyed in the Party or Parties to whom the same shall be so assigned and conveyed, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, according to the Estate and I nt ere ft: the Debtor had therein; and every such Assignment and Conveyance shall be in Trust for the Benefit of the Creditor or Creditors of every" such Debtor to whom the same shall be made, and the Rest of the Creditors of every such Debtor, in respect of or in proportion to their respective Debts; and every Person or Persons to whom any, such Assignment and Conveyance as aforesaid shall be made, is and are hereby fully empowered to sue. from Time to Time, as there may be Occasion, in his, her, or their own Name or Names, for the Recovery and attaining any Estate or Effects of any fi^rh Debtor, and also to execute any Trust or Power vested in, or created for the Uie or Benefit of any such Debtor, but in Trust for the Benefit of him or themselves, and the Rest of the Credit ors of every such Debtor, and to give such Discharge and Discharges to any Person or Persons who shall respectively be indebted to such Debtor as may be requisite; and every such Assignee or Assignees shall, with all convenient Speed, after his or their accepting such Assignment or Conveyance, uie his and their best Endeavours to receive and get in the Estate and Effects of every" such Debtor, and shall, with all convenient Speed, make Sale of all the Estates of such Debtor vested in such Assignee or Assignees; and if such Debtor shall be interested in or entitled to any Real Estate, either in Possession, Reversion, or Expectancy, the fame, within the Space of two Months after such Assignment and Conveyance, shall he sold by publick Action, in such Manner, and at such Place, as the major Part of the Creditors of anyr such Debtor, wrho shall assemble together on any Notice in Writing, published in the London Gazette, or in some Daily Paper, if the Debtor before his going to Prison resided in London, or in the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or if in Dublin, or the County" of Dublin, in the Dublin Gazette, or in some Daily Paper printed and published at Dublin, and if elsewhere, then in some Newspaper w'hich shall be published in or near the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Place, in which such Debtor dwelled before he 'or she was committed to Prison, thirty Days before any such Sale shall be made, shall, under his Hand, or their Hands, agree on; and every such Assignee or Assignees at the End of three Months at farthest from the Time of his or their accepting any such Assignment or Conveyance as aforesaid,

A.D. 1801. 41 GEORGII III.

C. 70.

>35

vidend within three Months, first verifyng their Accounts on Oath.

Thirty DaysNo-tice of making Dividends shall be given. No Creditor shall share till he has proved his Debt.

Reality of Debts may be inquired into at the Sef-(ion.

Surplus of Effects shall be paid the Debur.

Creditors for Annuities or Money payable at any tuiiue Time, shall receive Dividends as under a Com-raiflion of Bank--rupt.

Powers of Clerk of the Peace for the County of Lancaster, shall extend to his Deputies.

laid, shall make a fair and just Dividend of all such Debtor's Estate and Effects, which shall have been then recovered, amongst his or her Creditors, in proportion and in regard to each Creditor's respective Debt; but before any such Dividend shall be made, such Assignee or Assignees shall make up an Account of such Debtor's Estate, and make Oath in Writing, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Division, Town, Liberty, or Place, in which any such Debtor shall have been discharged, that every such Account contains a fair and just Account of the Estate and Effects of every such Debtor got in, by, or for such Assignee or Assignees, and of all Payments made in respect thereof, and that all Payments in every such Account charged were truly and bond side made and paid; and Notice of the making of every such Dividend shall be published in like Manner as a Meeting of the Creditors is herein-before directed to be published, thirty Days at least before the same shall be made; and no Creditor shall be allowed to receive any Share of such Dividend, until he shall have made out the Justness and Identity of his Debt by Oath, or due Proof, in Writing, before some such Justice or Justices; and if any Creditor of such Debtor shall be dissatisfted with the Reality or Fairness of any Debt claimed by any other Creditor, then the fame, at the Request of any such Creditor or Creditors so dissatisfied, shall be examined into by the Justices of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, in which such Debtor shall have been adjudged to have been entitled to the Benefit of this Act, at their next General or Quarter Session, or some Adjournment thereof, and what they shall there determine in the Premises shall be conclusive to all Parties; and if, after Payment of all such Debtor's Creditors, there shall any of his Estate and Effects remain, after Payment of all reasonable Charges, the same shall be paid to such Debtor, his Executors, or Administrators.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Creditor and Creditors of any Debtor who shall be discharged by virtue of this Act, for any Sum or Sums of Money payable by way of Annuity, or otherwise, at any future Time or Times, by virtue of any Bond, Covenants, or other Securities of any Nature whatever, may be and shall be entitled to be admitted a Creditor or Creditors, and may and shall be entitled tu receive a Dividend or Dividends of the Estate of such Debtor, in such Manner, and upon such Terms and Conditions, as such Creditor or Creditors would have been entitled unto by the Laws now in force if such Debtor had become Bankrupt, and without Prejudice in future to their respective Securities, otherwise than as-the lame would have been affected by a Proof made in respect thereof by the Creditor under a Commission of Bankrupt, and a Certificate obtained by the Bankrupt under such Commission.

XVII. And, for obviating any Doubts which may otherwise arise how far the several Powers and Authorities, by this Act vested in or given to Clerks of the Peace, may be lawfully done, exercised, or performed, by the Deputy or Deputies of the Clerk of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster, (the said Office of Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Lancaster being held by Letters Patent from his Majesty, with the Power of executing the same by Deputy or Deputies); be it further enacted and declared, That all Conveyances and Alignments of the Estate and Effects of any Debtor or Debtors, and all other Acts, Deeds, Matters, and Things, which shall be done, exercised, or performed, in the Execution of this Act by any Deputy or Deputies of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, or by the Person or Persons who, for the Time being, shall exercise and perform the Trulls and Duties of the said Office within and for the said County Palatine, shall be of the same Force, Validity, and Effect, in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the lame had been done, executed, and performed, by the Clerk of the Peace for the said County Pala- tine of Lancaster for the Time being.

XVIII. And, to the Intent that no Loss may arise to any Creditor or Creditors from any Neglect or Omission in the Schedule, not containing the Whole of the Estate, Real or Personal, belonging to any Debtor who ftuU apply for his or her Discharge, under the Authority of this Act; be it enacted, That all the Estate, whether Real or Personal, which shall belong to any Debtor or Debtors, and of which he, she, or they, shall he actually possessed or entitled unto at the Time of making such Schedule, shall be deemed and taken to be Part' of the Estate contained in such Schedule though not inserted therein, and shall in like Manner become vested in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as such, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the feme had been contained in such Schedule, and had been delivered into the Court according to the Dirtftions of this Act.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person holding any Security whatsoever, for which such

Debtor never received any valuable Consideration, shall be entitled to receive any Benefit from the Estate of f-Lch Debtor, unless the Person holding such Security shall make it appear, to the Satisfaction of the Justices at £ -me General or Quarter Session, or Adjournment thereof, that he or she became possessed of the same bond side and for good or valuable Consideration. k

on Pi oof of value £»ven

XX. Provided always, and. be it enacted, That in case of the Death or Removal of any Clerk of the Peace,

Town Clerk* or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, in whom the Estate, Right, Title,

I-t'-rest, or Trust, of any Debtor or Debtors shall have veiled by the Authority of this Act, every such Estate, fc.ght, Title- Interest, and Trull, shall become vested in the Successor or Successors to every such Clerk of tr.e Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid respectively, as the Case may be, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, under the Provisions of this Act.

VI. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That no Suit in Equity shall be commenced by any Assignee No Suit !rr Earner Assignee* of any such Debtor's Estate and Effects, without the Consent of the major Part in Value of the l> ft'-11 U c.»m-Crrditors of such Debtor, who shall meet together pursuant to a Notice to be given, at least ten Days before *l^ut

L_h Meeting, in the London Gazette, or other Newspaper which shall be published in the Neighbourhood of Mairity°in Vast < bast Residence of such Debtor or Debtors for that Purpose. k»c ot Cm!.to»*

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforefiml. That the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or Schedule* than

Other produced ty

All Estate of ' Debtor*, tho' not inserted in Schedules, shall he vi lied in the Clerk, of the Peace-

Holders of Securities given without Coast-dt ration, not entitled to any Benefit, except by such holder. Estates shall vest in the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being.

A.D. 1801.

136

Clerk of the Peace to Creditors,

and signed Copies Hull be Evidence.

Clerk of the Peace refuting to produce Schedules, kc. shall forfeit iol. with Treble Colli.

Application of the Penalty. Assignees fK: ill compound with Lord of Manors for of or Cullomary Estates*

The Right of none but the Debtor shall be flfected by this Act.

Ad shall not prevent Mortgages, kc. taking place of Claims of an inferior Nature.

Power of leafing Lands, or over Real or Personal Estate, vested in Assignees.

C. 70. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.)

other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, for every rrfpective County, City, and County Town, and County Riding, Division, Cinque Port, Liberty, and Piacc, with whom any Schedule of the Estates of any Insolvent Debtor or Debtors shall be left, and hi.Successor, Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, shall, on the reasonable Requell of any Creditor or Creditor of such Ir.fol-vent Debtor or Debtors, or his or their Attorney, produce and shew to such Creditor or Creditors, or his or their Attorney, in the Day Time, the Schedule of the Dilute of any such Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, which shall be left with any such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or his Predecessor in that Office, the Person so requiring to fee and peruse any such Schedule paying or tendering to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, in whole Custody any such Schedule shall be, or his Deputy, the Sum of one Shilling for his Trouble in searching for and looking out such Schedule, and attending whilil the same shall be perused by the Party requiring to have the same looked out, and to peruse the fame; and that a true Copy of every such Schedule, ligned by the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, in whose Custody the same shall be, or his Deputy, purporting the same to be a true Copy of such Schedule, without being wrote on Stamped Paper, and for which Copy no more shall be paid than Sixpence by the Sheet, each Sheet containing seventy-two words, and so in proportion for a less Number of Words, shall, at all Times, be admitted in all Courts whatsoever as legal Evidence of the same; and if any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, shall, on reasonable Request as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to produce to any such Creditor or Creditors as aforesaid, or his or their Attorney, any such Schedule as aforesaid, and to permit the same to be inspected as aforesaid in the Day Time, on such Payment or Tender as aforesaid being made to him, or shall ask or take more than after the Rate of Sixpence by the Sheet, each Sheet to contain seventy-two Words, and so in proportion for less than seventy-two Words in a Sheet, or shall refuse to make and deliver a Copy of any such Schedule on being requeued as aforesaid so to make the fame, and having the Money tendered to him for Payment of such Copy after the Rate aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, which shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, together with Treble Costs of Suit, in the Name of any Person who shall prosecute for the fame, and one Moiety of which Sum forfeited shall, when recovered, go to the Party who prosecuted for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence shall be committed.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before such Time as any Assignee or Assignees as aforesaid shall enter on, or take any Profit from, any of or Cullomary Ellate as aforesaid, he or they shall agree and compound with the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors of whom the same shall be holden, for the Payment of such Fine or Income as upon any Surrender and Admission thereto, hath heretofore been most usually accustomed to be paid; and that upon every such Agreement or Composition made, the said Lord or Lords for the Time being, at the next Coifrt, or some subsequent Court, which shall be holden for the said Manor or Manors, shall admit such Assignee or Assignees, Tenant or Tenants, to such of or Cullomary Ellate, according to the Custom of the said Manor or Manors of which the same shall be holden, and for and during such Ellate and Interest as the said Debtor had therein at the Time of his or her being discharged as aforesaid, reserving the Rents, Duties, Heriots, Customs, and Services, payable and to be rendered in respect of the said of or Cullomary Ellate.

XXIV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prejudice or affeCl any Ellate or Interell, or Right whatsoever, of any Person or Persons, other than the said Debtor, which may be expectant upon or subject unto the Ellate or Interest of the said Debtor hereby vested in the said Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace; but that the Ellate, Interest, and Right whatsoever, of every other Person or Persons, shall remain, continue, and be saved, to them, in the same Manner as if this A Cl had not been made.

XXV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to hinder or prevent any Mortgage or Mortgages, Charges or Liens, upon the Estate of such Debtor or Debtors, or any Part thereof, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Personal Ellate or Effects, comprized in, or charged or affeCied by such Mortgage or Mortgages, Charges or Liens respectively, nor to prevent any Statute Staple, Statute Merchant, Recognizance or Judgment, acknowledged by or obtained against any such Debtor or Debtors, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements, or Real Ellate of such Debtor or Debtors; and also where any Inquisition shall have been taken upon any such Statute or Recognizance, or any Writ or Execution shall have been taken out and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer upon any such Judgment, before such Discharge shall be given in open Session to any such Debtor as aforesaid, the Personal Ellate of ever)' such Debtor respectively shall be subject thereto, in the first Place, for so much as shall remain due upon such Mortgage, Charge, Lien, Statute, Recognizance, or Judgment respectively, in like Manner as such Mortgagees and Persons, having such Charges or Liens, and Creditors, by Statute, Recognizance, or Judgment, would have been preferred to other Creditors of an inferior Nature, against the Real or Personal Ellate of such Debtor and Debtors respectively, if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVI. And whereas many Persons who may be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Act arc seised and possessed of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to hold to such Debtors for the Term of their natural Lives, with Power of granting Leases, and taking Fines, referring small Rents on such Estates for one, two, or three Lives, in Possession or Reversion, or for some Number of Years determinable upon Lives 5 or have Powers over Real or Personal Ellate, which such Debtors could execute for their own Advantage, and which said Powers ought to be executed for the Benefit of the Creditors of such Debtors be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Case, all and every the Powers of leafing such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and all other such Powers as aforesaid over Real or Personal Estate, which are or shall be -veiled

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. ( '.) C. 70.

ip any such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby vested in the Assignee or Assignees of the Real and Personal Estate of such Prisoner, by virtue of this Act, to be by such Assignee or Assignees executed for the Benefit of all and every the Creditors of such Prisoners as aforesaid.

XXVII. And whereas, in some Prisons or Gaols in this Kingdom, the Office of Keeper or Gaoler is held

in Fee, for Life, or otherwise, by Persons who never act as Keepers or Gaolers themselves, or know any Thing ' of the Prisoners therein, but depute or employ some Person or Persons under them as Keepers or Gaolers of such Prisons or Gaols; be it therefore enacted, That in every such Case, the Person who shall have been actually employed and acted as Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of any such Prison or Gaol at the Time of the delivering in of the Lifts hereby directed to be delivered in, of Prisoners in any such Prison or Gaol, at any General or

Simrter Sessions of the Peace, or some Adjournment thereof, and not the Principal Keeper or Gaoler (unless lere such Principal Keeper or Gaoler shall act as Keeper or Gaoler himself), shall take the Oath herein-before appointed to be taken by the Keeper or Gaoler of every such Prison or Gaol.

XXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices, at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to which any such Prisoner shall be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall, if required by any Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, who shall oppose his or her discharge, administer and give to the Keeper or Gaoler, or the Person who acts as Keeper or Gaoler of any such Prison or Gaol, at the Time of bringing up any such Prisoner, in order to be discharged under this Act, an Oath to the following effect; (that is to lay),

I A.B. do swear, That was really and truly a Prisoner in my Custody, in the Prison of

4 A [or, in Custody in some other Prison, as the Case may be-] to the best of my Knowledge

and Belief, at or upon the first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one; and that the Copy or c Copies of the Cause or Causes of his [or her] Commitment or Detainer, now by me brought with the Body of the said and produced to the said Court, is or are a true Copy or Copies of th

Cause or Causes of such Commitment or Detainer, without any Fraud or Deceit by me, or any other Person*whatsoever, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief. So help me GOD.*

And if any Person who was Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler, of any such Prison or Gaol, on the said first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, or since, shall not happen to be the Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler, of any such Prison or Gaol at the Time any such Lift as aforesaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the Justices, at any such Session* or at any Adjournment thereof, may and are hereby required to administer and give to the respective Person or Persons who shall be Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler, of any such Prison or Gaol, and deliver in any such Lift as aforesaid at any such General or Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof, an Oath, touching the Commitments, or Books of Commitment, of any such Prison or Gaol, to the Effect following; (that is to say),

T B. do swear, That I have examined the Commitments, or Books Kept of or concerning the Commit- inent of Prisoners to the Prison of in the [County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place,

or Liberty of as the Case shall &*], and that I do verily believe that the said Commitments or Books

' of Commitment, are really true, and not fictitious, nor calculated for this Purpose; and by them it doth appear that was on the first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, really

and truly a Prisoner in the actual custody of the then Keeper or Gaoler, or Deputy

' Keeper or Gaoler, of the said Prison or Gaol, [or other Prison as the Case may £r], without Fraud or Deceit ' by me, or any other Person or Persons, to my Know ledge and Belief. So help me GOD.

XXIX. And, in order to discover any fraudulent Entries or Commitments of Prisoners in any Prison or Gaol Books; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices, at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, are hereby authorized, at the Request of any Creditor or Creditors of any Prisoner, to convene before them, at some certain Time to be appointed by them, any Person or Persons who was or wrere Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler, of any Prison or Gaol within their Tcfpcclive Jurisdictions, on the said first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, or at any Time since, and to examine every such Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler, on Oath, touching the Commitment and Continuance in Custody of any such Prisoner, as the Justices, at any such General or Quarter Session, or Adjournment thereof, shall think fit; and if any Sheriff, Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler, shall neglect or refuse to bring before any such Justices, at any Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, any such Prisoner as, shall be directed and required by Warrant of any Justice or Justices as aforesaid, qt to attend on being summoned for that Purpose, he shall, on C01; vision, suffer Six Months Imprisonment, or if any Keeper or Gaoler attending, shall refuse to make Answer and Discovery in the Premises, as shall be reasonably required at such General or Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof, he, she, or they so offending in the Premises, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered by and in the Name, and for the use of the Party injured, by Action of Debt, to be brought in hlf or her Name, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin as the Case may be, together with Treble Costs of Suit.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall, without just Cause, to be approved of by the Justices at some General Quarter Session, or General Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, within their respective Jurisdictions, rdufc or delay to bring any such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid to any such General Quarter Session, or General Session, or Adjournment thereof, in order to his or her Discharge; or shall neglect, refuse, or designedly omit to insert, in any such Lift, the Name or Names of any such Prisoner or Prisoners who wTas or were actually in Custody in his or their respective Prison or Gaol, on the said first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, or since, or shall neglect or refuse to make out, fix up, or deliver, such Lifts as aforesaid; or if any Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler, shall neglect or refuse to take any of the said Oaths before mentioned, 41 Geo. III. [U.K.) T and

13?

The lifting Gaoler at the Time of delivering Lids shall take the Oath.

At the Session on Ret)uelt ut Creditors Gaolers shall be (Worn.

Oath.

If the Person delivering in Lilt was not Gaoler on March 1, iSoi, he shall take the following

Oath.

At Request of

Creditors, Gaolers may be examined on Oath at the Sessions touching Commitments.

Penalty on Sheriffs, 5cc. disobeying Orders ol Juf-ticcs, six Months Jjnprjlonment, and on Gaolers refusing to answer, iqoL

Penalty on

Gaolers, and the Primer of the London or Dublin Gazette, &c. lor not complying with the Regulations of this Act, 100U

A.D. 1801.

Penalty on Gaolers for Perjury, 500I*

Penally on Clerk of the Peace refilling to give Copies of Adjudications of Discharges, Jcc. aol.

Debtors for-swearing, shall fce deemed guilty of Perjury.

Persons discharged shall not be liable for Debts incurred prior to March r, 1 box*

Prisoners shall nor be discharged of Debts subsecjueot to March 1, i£oi.

Prisonen who, on Application as Insolvent Debtors, have remanded

C. 70. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.)

and hereby required to be taken by him, or shall, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, take or receive more than the said Sum of one Shilling herein-before allowed for his or her Attendance, in order to be discharged of such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid, m shall detain any such Prisoner after he or she shall be discharged as aforesaid; or if the Printer of the Lornlcn Gazette or Dublin Gazette respectively, or other Newspaper as aforesaid, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the Notice by this Act clireded to be given, on reasonable request to him made for that Purpose, and Tender of the Money hereby directed to be paid, or shall take or receive any Fee or Gratuity more than fourpence as aforesaid for doing thereof, every such Keeper and Gaoler of such Prison or Prisons, his Deputy or Deputies, and every such Printer as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and pay to each Prisoner, in every such Case injured, the Sum of one hundred Pounds; which shall and may be recovered, with Treble Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of the Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, as the Case may be, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers, or any Deputy Keeper or Gaoler, of any Prison, shall, in taking of the afore-mentioned Oaths, forswear and perjure themselves, and shall thereof be lawfully convicted, such Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler, of such Prison or Prisons, (over and above the Penalties to be inflicted on Persons convicted of Penury), shall, upon every such Convidioa, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered with full Costs, by Bill, Plaint, or Information, or Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin respectively, as the Case may be, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, by and in the Name of such Person or Persons, his and their Executors and Administrators, to whom any Assignment or Conveyance, in pursuance of this Act, shall be made, of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners; and if no such Assignee or Assignees shall be living, then in the Name or Names of any other Creditor or Creditors, who shall sue for the said Penalties, to be applied, one Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety towards Satisfaction of the Debts of such his Creditor or Creditors.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, shall delay or refuse to give every or any such Prisoner, adjudged to be entitled to his Discharge as aforesaid, within fourteen Days after such Adjudication, a Copy of the Order of Adjudication, on the Payment of two Shillings and Sixpence, or shall take more than the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence for such Copy, or shall take more than one Shilling for an Assignment or Conveyance of such Prisoner's Estate and Effects, every such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, who shall so offend, and who shall be convicted at any such General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, of any such Offence shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to every such Prisoner, the Sum of twenty Pounds, as the Justices of the Peace, at such General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, shall order, and who are hereby empowered to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of any such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace so offending.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Debtor as aforesaid, who shall take the Benefit of this Act, shall wilfully forswear and perjure himself, herself, or themselves, in any Oath to be taken under this Act and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he, she, or they, so offending, shall suffer such Punishment as by Law may be inflicted on Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person entitled to the Benefit of this Act shall, at any Time hereafter, be imprisoned by reason of any Judgment or Decree obtained for Payment of Money only, or for any Debt, Bond, Damages, Contempts for Non-payment of Money, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, contracted, incurred, occasioned, owing, or growing due, before the said first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, but that upon every Arrest upon every Judgment, or such Decree, or for such Debts, Damages, Contempts, Costs, Sum and Sums of Money, it shall and may be lawful for any Judge of the Court where the Process issued, or for any two Justices of the Peace, upon shewing the Copy of the Order of Adjudication as aforesaid, to release and discharge out of Custody such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid, and at the same Time to order the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Suit or Suits to pay such Prisoner or Prisoners the Costs he, she, or they shall have incuned on such Occasion, or so much thereof as to such Judge or Justices shall seem just and reasonable; and every such Judge is hereby empowered so £0 do on such Prisoner's causing a Common Appearance to be entered for nim in every such Action or Suit.

XXXV. 1 And whereas, under former Acts of this Kind, DoubtB have arisen what was to be done with such Prisoners who applied at any Session to be discharged, who owed and stood charged with Debts, as well

previous as subsequent to the Day limited by the respective Acts 1* To remedy which, be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Prisoner or Prisoners shall be discharged of any Debts iacurred subsequent to the first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one; and if it shall appear to the Justices, at any Session or Adjournment, that any Prisoner or Prisoners, then applying to them to be discharged, shall stand charged as well with Debts previous to as subsequent to the said first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, that, in such Cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices to discharge the Person of such Prisoner on Account of all Debts incurred previous to the said first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, and to remand him or her back to the Custody of the Keeper of the Prison from whence he or she was brought, for all Debts with which he or she (lands charged with in his Custody, incurred subsequent to the said first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person, being a Prisoner, charged in Execution on the said first day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, and having before or since that Day petitioned any Court to be discharged as an Insolvent Debtor, and haying conformed to the Several Provisions of the Laws in being for that Purpose, shall have been brought up, and by the Court before

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. C. 70.

which such Prisoner was so brought up, remanded back to the Prison or Gaol from which such Prisoner was brought up, there to continue in Execution on the undertaking of his or her Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay to him or her two Shillings and Fourpence Weekly and every Week, or such other Allowance as by Law is directed to be paid in such Case, during such Time as such Prisoner should remain in Execution at the Suit of such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and such Prisoner so continued in Execution shall have been or shall be discharged from such Execution by his or her Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, without his or her own Privity or Consent, subsequent to the said first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, and before the Day whereon he or she might otherwise have applied to take the Benefit of this Act, every such Prisoner shall be entitled, notwithstanding such Discharge, to the same Relief and Advantage, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, which he or she might or could ha*e otherwise obtained by virtue of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Treble Costs.]

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action of Escape, or any Suit or Action, be brought against any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff, Keeper or Gaoler, of any Prison, for performing their Office, in pursuance of this Act, they may plead the General Issue, and give this Act in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff be non-suited, or discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against him, or Judgment upon Demurrer, the Defendant shall have

[Treble Costs.]

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Scire Facias or Action of Debt or upon Judgment shall be brought against any Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, upon any Judgment obtained against any such Prifotier, or on any Statute or Recognizance acknowledged by him or her, before the said first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, with respect to Prisoners in actual Custody, on the said first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, it shall and may be lawful for any such Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, to plead generally that such Prisoner was actually a Prisoner in such Prison or in forae other Prison, at such a Person's Suit on the said first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, and was or were duly discharged, according to this Act, at the General Quarter Session, or General Session, or Adjournment thereof, held at such Time and Place for such County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Town, or Place, (as his, her, or their Case is), without pleading any Matter specially; and in case any other Suit or Action shall be commenced against him, her, or them, for any other Debt, Sum, or Sums of Money, due before the said first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, to plead in Discharge of his or her Person from Execution, (over and above such Matters as aforesaid), that such Debt or Sum of Money (as the Case shall happen) was contrafted or due before the said first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, without pleading any other Matter specially; where to the Plaintiff shall or may reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any other Matter or Thing which may shew the said Defendant not to be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, or not duly discharged ac-cosding to it, in the same Manner as the Plaintiff might have replied in case the Defendant had pleaded this Act, and his Discharge, by virtue of this Act, specially; and if the Plaintiff be non-suited, discontinue his Action, or Verdict pals against him, or Judgment on Demurrer, the Defendant to have

XXXIX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to release or discharge any Attorney at Law, or Solicitor, or any other Person or Persons acting, or pretending to as such, with regard to any Debt with which he or they shall stand charged for any Money, or other Effects, recovered and received by him or them, for the Use of any Person or Persons, Bodies Corporate or Politick, and by any Attorney, Solicitor, or other Person or Persons acting as such, embezzled, concealed, or converted to his or their own Use; or to release or discharge any Servant or Agent, or any other Person or Persons employed or entrusted as such, with regard to any Debt or Demand with which he, she, or they shall itand chained for or on Account of any Money, Goods, or other Effects, received or possessed by him, her, or them, for the Use and on Account of his, her, or their Master or Masters, or Employers, and by such Servant or Agent embezzled, concealed, or converted, to his, her, or their own Use; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XL. 4 And whereas many evil-disposed Persons, to support their profligate Wav of Life, have, by various fobtle Stratagems, Threats, and Devices, fraudulently obtained divers Sums of Money, Goods, Wares, Mer- chandizes, Bonds, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Securities for Money, to the great Injury of mdustrious Families, and to the manifest Prejudice of Trade and Credit; be it enacted, That no Prisoner, who knowingly and designedly, by false Pretence or Pretences, shall have obtained from any Person or Persons Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Bonds, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Securities for Money, shall have or receive any Benefit or Discharge by or under this Act: but the Justices at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, before whom any such Prisoners shall be brought, upon due Proof of the Matter, made to their Satisfaction, shall remand such Prisoner to the Custody of the Gaoler or'Keeper of the Prison from whence he or she shall have been brought; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI. Provided always, That no Prisoner who shall have been remanded to Prison under any Act heretofore passed for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, for having fraudulently obtained Money, Goods, or Securities for Vfoney on false Pretences, or for having secretly and fraudulently removed Stock, Cattle, or other Effects, which were subject or liable to be detained for Rent, or who shall have loft or forfeited the Benefit of any such former Act by having made any fraudulent Sale, Transfer, Conveyance, or Assignment, since his or her Imprisonment, to the Prejudice of the fair and honest Creditor, or who shall have obtained a Discharge under any such former Act fraudulently, or shall have taken an Oath under such Act, any Part of which was not true, shall have or receive any Benefit or Discharge by or under this Act; but the Justices at any General or other Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, before whom any such Prisoner shall be brought, upon due Proof of the Matter made to their Satisfaction, shall remand such Prisoner to the Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison from which he or she shall have been brought, any Thing herein contained to the contrary not-

T 2 withstanding c

139

back, and since discharged with» out their Consent, shall be entitled to the Benefit of this Act.

Act may be pleaded to any Action of Escape.

Act may be pleaded generally by Prisoners, &c.

Act shall not extend to Attornies, or Servants embezzling Money;

nor to Persons obtaining Money, &c. on lalfe Pretences.

Prisonea*'rt-manded to Prison under any Insolvent Act for fraudulently obtaining Money, &c. shall not receive any Benefit under this Act;

her Per font charged in Execution for Damages recovered in any Aft ion for Criminal Conversation, &c.;

or malicious Prosecution;

withstanding: Provided also, That no Person charged in Execution for Damages recorered in any Action for criminal Conversation with the Wife of the Plaintiff in such Action, or in any Action for seducing and carnally knowing the Daughter or Female Servant of the Plaintiff, or in any Action for a malicious Prosecution, - fhatt have any Benefit under this Act; except only in Cases where the Plaintiff in such Actions respectively shall be dead, and no Person shall have obtained Probate of the Will, or Letters of Administration of the Effects of such Plaintiff within twelve Months after the Decease of such Plaintiff.

nor Persons removing Effects of the Value of 50l. liable to be distrained lor Rent;

nor Persons felling or aligning Effects to defraud Creditors.

Gaolen shall

permit Prisoners to be fpoJccn with. Sec. on Penalty of^oL

Gaolers making Yalfe Entries, See. shall forfeit 500l.

Debtors refuting to discover the t* Tndeand Abode of the Person at whose Suit detained, or tocome to the Iodge, shall be excluded the Benefit of this Act.

Two Justices (in Yorkshire, or I.incolnshire, or where the Pi i-fons are distant fi 010 the Place of

XL 11. ' And whereas many Debtors for Rents of Lands, Messuages, Houses, or other Premises, have, with

fraudulent Intent to disappoint the Right of their respective Landlords, removed the Stock, Cattle, Furniture,

' Goods, or other Effects, which were lubieft and liable to be distrained for the Satisfaction of the said Rents be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Prisoner or Prisoners, who, in a secret, clandestine, or fraudulent Manner, shall have removed, or caused to be removed, within six Years before the passing of this Act, any such Stock, Cattle, Furniture, Goods, or Effects, of the Value of fifty Pounds or upwards, which were subject or liable to be distrained by their respective Landlords for or in Payment of such Rent or Rents, whereby such Landlord or Landlords shall have loft all or some Part of the Rent or Rents due to him, her, or them, as aforesaid, shall be discharged by or under this Act, but shall, on due Proof of the Matter as aforesaid, be remanded in manner herein-before mentioned; any Tiling herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIII. ' And whereas many Debtors have, with a View to defraud their Creditors, fold, transferred, conveyed, or assigned, their Estate and Effects to some Person or Persons, subsequent to their being in Custody

of Law, or imprisoned under some Process for Debt: And whereas such Sale, Transfer, Conveyance, or At-1 signment, hath been fraudulently made, to the infinite Prejudice of the fair and honed Creditor, though fuf-

ficient Proof could not be obtained to convict the Party of a fraudulent Design be it enacted, That whenever it shall be proved, by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to the Satisfaction of the Court to which any Prisoner shall be brought up, in order to obtain his or her Discharge, that such Prisoner has fold, transferred, conveyed, or assigned, to any Person or Persons, all or any Part of his Estate, or Effects, subsequent to the Time of his Imprisonment, without Just Cause for so doing, to be allowed by the Justices predding in such Court as aforesaid, every such Debtor shall lose all the Benefits and Advantages that he might otherwise have claimed under the Authority of this Act, and shall not be entitled to his or her Discharge j and every such Sale, Transfer, Conveyance, or Assignment, is hereby declared to be null and void.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Gaoler or Keeper of any Prifoa shall, and is hereby required to suffer, in the Day-time, any Person or Persons, desiring the fame, to fee and speak in the Lodge, or some convenient Room in the said Prison, with any Prisoner or Prisoners, whose Names are inserted in the before-mentioned List or Lists, or the London or Dublin Gazette, or other Newspapers, or any of them, and also to fee, in the true and' genuine Books of the said Prison, the Entries made of the Name or Names of such Prisoner or Prisoners, Debtor or Debtors, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Suits he, she, or they, are or were detained; and if any such Gaoler or Keeper shall refuse or neglect to comply with what is hereby above required, every such Gaoler or Keeper who shall Co offend in the Premises shall forfeit and pay to the Person so retufed and aggrieved the Sum of forty Pounds, to be recovered with Costs of Suit/ by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of the Courts at Westminster or Dublin, as the Case may be, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed, by and in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so refuled and aggrieved.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any Prisoner Prisons, shall make or cause to be made any false Entries in any Book or Books belonging to any Prison or Gaol under his Care, or of which he is or was Gaoler, or shall prepare or keep, or cause to be prepared or kept, any false Book or Books, in order for any false or untrue Entiy or Entries to be made therein, or shall insert in any List to be delivered in as aforesaid, the Name or Names of any Person or Persons who was not in actual Custody as aforesaid (except as in the Oath of every such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall be excepted), every such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall, over and above the Penalties which he shall be liable to for every such Fraud, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered with Treble Costs of Suit, by and in the Name, and for the Use of any Person or Persons, who shall be prejudiced by any such false Entry or Entries, which Penalties shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin as the Case may be, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor, being thereunto required by any Creditor, shall refuse to discover and declare the Trade or Occupation, and Habitation or iaft Place of Abode, of the Person or Persons at whose Suit he or she is or was-detained or charged in Custody, or if any Prisoner being called for and desired by any Creditor or Creditors to come to the Lodge of the Prison in which any such Prisoner shall be confined, shall refuse to come,\ithout some reasonable Cause being made appear to the contrary', every such Debtor, upon Proof being made thereof, before the Justices at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive any Benefit or* Discharge by or under this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLVII. 4 And whereas there is but one Common or County Gaol for each of the respective Counties of York or Lincoln, which said Counties are each of them divided into several Ridings or Divisions, all of which, have several Commissions of the Peace; and if the Gaoler of these Gaols be obliged to carry the Debtors, Pri — foners therein, to the Quarter Session of such Riding or Division, the.lame will be a very great Charge, not only, to

such.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) C. 70.

such Gaoler, but also to the Prisoners, in these large Counties be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for two or more Justices of the Peace for any of the Ridings or Dictions in the respective Counties (or any other County or Counties where the Prisons are at a Dillance from the Place where the Sessions are held), at the Common or County Gaol thereof respectively, or at some convenient Place near thereto, and they are hereby required to assemble and meet, and to hold Session, thenby Adjournment from their respective Quarter Session from Time to Time, for the Discharge of the respective Prisoners therein, according to the Powers, Limitations, and Directions of this Act.

XLVIII. 4 And whereas the District or Division of Holland, in the said County of Lincoln, i9 distant near forty Miles from the said County Gaol, and it is highly inconvenient and expensive for the Justices of the Peace acting for the said Division to be obliged to travel to the said Gaol for the sole Purpose of discharging the Prisoners under the Powers by this Act given be it therefore enacted, That, for the several Purposes aforesaid, the Justices for the said Division or Diltnct of Holland may adjourn their original Sessions to the County Gaol, or some Place near thereunto; and it shall and may be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace, atling either for the Parts of Lindsey, Kejiroeny or Holland, to hold such adjourned Sessions for the sole Purpose of discharging such Prisoners $ Notice of the Adjournment of such original Sessions being given by the Clerk of Sessions to such Justices, and who shall attend there to register the Proceedings of the mid Court, so far as the same relate to or affect the Discharge of any Prisoner detained for Debt in the Division of Holland, and claiming the Benefit of this Act. 1

XLIX. And whereas the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Surrey, which shall happen after the passing of this Act, may be in the Country, and upwards of twenty Miles from any of the said Prisons; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for such Justices as shall be assembled at the General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the County of Surrey, next after the passing of this Act, and they are hereby required forthwith to adjourn the said Sessions to the Borough of Southwark, for the Purpose of administering the Oaths required to be taken and subscribed by this Act, by the several Gaolers within the said County, and for the Discharge of Prisoners. or other Debtors, according to the Powers, Limitations, and Directions of this Act.

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Debtors and others, who were in Prison on or before the said first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, in any of the Gaols of this Kingdom, and now remain there for not paying their Fees, Rents, or other Demands, due or claimed as due, to the Keeper 01; Keepers of any Prison respectively, or to any other Officer of such Prison, and \ipon no other Account, shall be discharged therefrom, he, she, or they, taking the Oath by this Act required to be taken by Prisoners.

LI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge any Person seeking the Benefit of this Act, with respect to any Debt or Penalty with which he or she shall stand charged, at the Suit of the Crown, or of any Person for any Offence committed against any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to his Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise, Stamps, or Salt Duties, or any of them, or any other Branches of the publick Revenue, or at the Suit of any Sheriff or other publick Officer, upon any Bail Bond entered into for the Appearance of any Person prosecuted for any Offence committed against any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to his Majesty's said Revenues of Customs, Excise, Stamps, or Salt Duties, or any other Branches of publick Revenue, unless any three of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, shall certify their Consent under their Hands to the Justices at their said Sessions, or Adjournment thereof, for the Discharge of such Prisoner as aforesaid.

LII. And whereas, under former Acts, Creditors have been put to great Expence and Trouble, in attend-

ing every Session and Adjournment, during the whole Continuance of the Act, to oppose the Discharge of

Debtors clearly excluded from any Benefit under the said respective Acts, but who, after having been before

one Session heard, and refused a Discharge, to harass their Creditors, constantly gave fresh Notices for each subsequent Session and Adjournment, of their intended Application to be discharged To remedy which, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases whatever, the Determination of the Justices in Session or Adjournment shall be final to all Intents and Purposes, unless the Debtor shall, during the Continuance of this Act, get rid of the Objection or Objections for which they refused his Discharge; and that the same may be clear and certain, the Justices are hereby required to (late the Objections why such Debtor's Discharge is refused by them; and in all Cases whatever, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices, at any subsequent Session or Adjournment, upon any Application from the Prisoner, upon due Proof on Oath made to them by two or more credible Witnesses (which Oath they are hereby empowered to administer), of such Objection or Objections being removed, and on Proof of Notice served, at lead ten Days previous td such Application, on the Creditor or Creditors who before opposed his Discharge, and of Notice likewise inserted in the London or Dublin Gazette, in Manner before directed by this Act, to order inch Prisoner to be brought before them, and, if they shall then be of Opinion the said Debtor is entitled to the Benefit of this Act, to adjudge him or her to be entitled to the Benefit of this Act; and if a Prisoner, to order him or her to be discharged, he or (lie taking the Oath, and in all other Respects conforming to the Directions of this Act.

LIII. 4 And whereas it may happen that several Persons who may claim and be entitled to the Benefit of tills c Act, arc feifedof an Estate-Tailin some Freehold or Copyholcf Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which Entail, with the Remainders thereon expedlant, they have by Law Power to defeat and bar, either by levying

a Fine or Fines, suffering a Common Recovery or common Recoveries, or by Surrender or Surrenders thereof,

whereby such Person or Persons said Freehold or of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, would be 1 liable to the Payment of their Debts, and be delivered up, according to the Terms of this Act, for the Benefit

141

Sessions) may holti a Stfcon at or r.t.u ilf County Gael.

Justir-s for t'ce Dirt 1, 't r Holland, jn 1 iruoin-fhne, m: »v adjourn to or near the County Gaol, and tw o Justn es acting lor either of the Divisions of the County, may hold the adjourned Sessions for discharging Pri loners.

Just if es for Surrey adjourn to Southwark.

Prisoners mCnl-tody lor Fees, &c. claimed hv Gaolers, or otl er Officer!} of the Prison shall he difi harged.

Act shall not extend to Persons charged with any Debt or Penalty at the £ 'tit of the Crawn^or of any Persons frfr Offences against the Revenue I.aws, unless the Treasury certify their Consent.

Determination of Justices shall be final, unless the Prisoner get rid of the Objer-lions to his Discharge, h c.

Estates-tail of Debtors which may be haired by Fine, £tr.

shall he 1 onfirif r-cd as Estate* m Fee, and dch-

vered up accordingly, as ifaFine had been levied.

Assignees may apply for the further Examination of Debtors to two Juf-iices.

Justices shall call before them Debtors, and if they refuse to appear, &c. may commit them.

Reward of 20l. per Cent, fordif-coveringany Part of Debtor's Ef-late not comprized in Schedule.

Discharge of Pri-foner fraudulently obtained, void.

Assignees, with Consent of Majority in Value of Creditors, may compound for Debts, and submit Disputes to Arbitration.

of their Creditors be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Case such Person or Persons so seised as aforesaid, and who shall be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Act, shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever in Law, be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared, to be seized of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Fee, and the same shall be delivered up to such Creditor or Creditors of every such Prisoner, in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had actually levied a Fine, suffered a Common Recover)' or Recoveries, or made a Surrender or Surrenders thereof, and thereby had become seized in Fee j any Law or Construction of Law to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LIV. 4 And whereas many Persons who may be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Act, have been

great Dealers, or otherwise engaged in large Transactions, whereby they may be entitled to fundrv and great Debts and Demands of various and intricate Natures, and they may be entitled to Equities of Redemption of Estates subject and liable to Mortgages, Judgments, or other Incumbrances, or to Reversions, Remainders, or other contingent Estates, in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to other Trusts or Interests in Estates,

both Real and Personal, which may not be sufficiently described or discovered in the Schedule or Inventory before directed to be delivered in upon Oath by the Prisoner to be discharged as aforesaid, or which may want

his Aid and A Alliance to adjust, make out, recover, or manage, for the Benefit of his Creditors; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Assignees of the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors, who shall obtain his, her, or their Discharge in pursuance of this Act, or any other Person or Persons duly authorized by them for that Purpose, from Time to Time, to yply to any two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, where such Debtor or Debtors shall be then residing, thereby desiring that such Debtor or Debtors may be further examined as to any Matters or Things relating to his, her, or their Estate or Effects, whereupon such Justices shall fend for or call before them such Debtor or Debtors, by such Warrant, Summons, Ways, or Means, as they shall think fit; and upon such Debtor's appearing shall examine him, her, or them, as well upon Oath as otherwise, as to such Matters and Things as such Assignee shall desire, relating to the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors; and if any Debtor or Debtors (on Payment, or Tender of Payment of such reasonable Charges as such Justices shall judge sufficient) shall neglect or refuse to come or appear, not having a lawful Excuse, to be made known to such Justices, and by them allowed, or being come before them, shall refuse to be sworn or to answer to all such Questions as by such Justices shall be put to him, her, or them, relating to the Discovery of his, her, or their Estate or Effects so vested, or intended to be veiled, in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer, acting as Clerk of the Peace, or such Assignees as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to apprehend such Debtor or Debtors so offending as aforesaid, and him, her, or them, to commit to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until such Time as he, she, or they, shall submit him, her, or themselves, to such Justices, and answer upon Oath to all such lawful Questions as shall by such Justices be put to him, her, or them, for the Purposes aforesaid.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Person and Persons who shall, within ten Months after the Discharge of such Prisoner or Prisoners, voluntarily come in and make a Discovery of any Part of such Debtor or Debtors Real or Personal Estate as shall not be comprised in such Schedule as aforesaid, before any such Justices aforesaid, shall be allowed after the Rate of twenty Pounds per Centum out of the Net Produce of such Debtor or Debtors Estate which shall be recovered on such Discovery, and which shall be paid to such Person or Persons so discovering the fame, by the Assignee or Assignees of such Debtor's Estate and Effects.

LVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, notwithstanding the Discharge of any Debtor or Debtors by virtue of this Act, if it shall hereafter appear the same was obtained fraudulently, or that any Part of the Oath taken by any such Debtor was not true, then, and in every such Case, every such Discharge shall be void and of none Effect.

LVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful at all Times hereafter for any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or Effects of any Debtor or Debtors who shall be chose in pursuance of this Act, by and with the Consent of the major Part in Value of the Creditors of such Debtor or Debtors, who shall be present at a Meeting to be had on twenty-one Days' Notice being previously given for the Purpose hereafter mentioned in the London Gazette, if the Debtor was in Custody in London, qr within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and if not, then also in some Newspaper which shall be published in the County, City, or Place in or near which such Person or Persons shall have been in Gaol; and if in Custody at Dulliny or in the County of Dublin, in the Dublin Gazette; and if in any other Place in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, then also in some Newspaper which shall be published in the County, City, or Place in or near which such Person or Persons shall have been in Gaol, to make Compositions with any Person or Persons or Accountants to such Debtor or Debtors, where the same shall appear necessary or reasonable, and to take such reasonable Part of any such Debt as can upon any such Composition be gotten, in full Discharge of such Debts and Accounts; and also to submit any Difference or Dispute between such Assignee or Assignees and any Person or Persons for or on Account or by Reason or Means of any Matter, Caule or Thing, relating to the Estate or Effects of such Debtor or Debtors, or to any Debt or Debts due, or claimed to be due, to or {rom such Debtor or Debtors, to the final End and Determination of Arbitrators, to be chosen by the said Assignee or Assignees, and the major Part in Value of such Creditors, and the Party or Parties with whom -they shall have such Difference, and to perform the Award of such Arbitrators, or of any Umpire to be chosen by them, or otherwise to settle and agree the Mattel's in Difference and Dispute between them in such Manner, as the said Assignee or Assignees, with such Consent as aforesaid, shall think fit and can agree, and the same shall be binding to all the Creditors of such Debtor or Debtors; and every such Assignee or Assignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do in the Premisses in pursuance of this Act.

L»

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) C. 70.

LVIII. And for the better Discovery of the Estate and Effects of any Debtor who shall be discharged by virtue of this Act; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall have accepted of any Trail or Trulls, and shall wilfully conceal or prote£l any Estate, Real or Personal, of any such Debtor from his Creditors, and shall not, within thirty Days after any Assignee or Assignees- shall, in pursuance of this Act, be chosen of any such Debtor's Estate, discover and disclose to such AHignee or Assignees Arch Trust and Estate in Writing, and deliver up or make over the same to such Assignee or Assignees, he, she, or they, so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and also Double the Value of the Estate, either Real or Personal so concealed, to and for the Use of the Creditors of «ny such Debtor; to be recovered by Action of Debt in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at WejhninJh'r or Dubfin, as the Case may be, in the Name or Names of the Assignee or Assignees of such Debtor's Estate, together with Treble Costs of Suit.

LIX. And whereas Provision ought to be made as to what should become of the Estate and Effects of any

Debtor or Debtors not got in, obtained, or recovered, by any Assignee or Assignees chose pursuant to the

Directions of the several Acts at the Time of his or their De«th or Deaths, and whose Heir or Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, refused to ad or meddle therein To remedy which, be it enacted, That in all such Cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the Creditors of every such Debtor or Debtors to chafe a new Assignee or Assignees, in Manner and Form as herein-before is directed, and to obtain a new Assignment fjom the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, pursuant to the Order of the Justices, and which said Order the said Justices are hereby required and empowered to direct (on due Proof on Oath being made to them of the Death of such former Assignee or Amgnees, and Refusal of his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to ad or meddle therein) tad the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, the hereby empowered to obey the fame, and execute such Assignment accordingly, in Manner and Form as if bo former Assignment had ever been made, the said Assignee or Assignees, Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, hereby conforming to all Orders and Directions made by this Act relative to them, or any of them, and to be liable to all such Pains and Penalties as are inflicted on them, or any of them by this Act, for Disobedience in any Part thereof, or Neglect of Duty whatever; and in case any such Assignee or Assignees shall die, and his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall refuse to ad, that then and in such Calc it shall be lawful for such Justices of the Peace to appoint a new Assignee or Assignees, with the like Powers and Authorities as are given by this Act; and the said Justices shall have Power, in a summary Way, to oblige the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of such Assignee or Assignees, to account and deliver up all such Estate and Effects as shall remain in his or their Hands, lo be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LX. And, to the Intent and Purpose that the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors as shall be discharged by virtue of this Act may be duly and faithfully applied for the Benefit of his, her, or their real Creditors; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Courts at Westminster and Dublin, and the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, and the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lmxajler, and Durham respectively, and the Courts of limited Jurisdiction in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from whence any Process issued, upon which any such Debtor or Debtors was or were committed, or where the Process issued out of any other Court, to and for the Judges of the Court of King's Bench Common Pleas, and Exchequer, or of Great Sessions, or Counties Palatine aforesaid, within their respective Jurisdictiona, or any one of them, from Time to Time, upon the Petition of any such Debtor, or the Creditor or Creditors of such Debtor, complaining of any insufficiency. Fraud, Mismanagement, or other Mi (behaviour, of any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or Effects of any such Debtor or Debtors, to summon all Parties concerned, and, upon nearing the Parties concerned therein, to make and give such Orders and xviredions therein, either for the Removal or displacing such Assignee or Assignees, and appointing any new Assignee or Assignees in the Place or Stead of such Assignee or Assignees so to be removed or displaced, and for the prudent, just, and equitable Management or Distribution of the Estate and Effects of any such Debtor, for the Benefit of the respective Creditors, as the said Courts or Judges respectively shall think fit; and in case of the Removal or displacing of any Assignee or Assignees, and the appointing of any new Assignee or Assignees, the Estate or Effects of such Debtor or Debtors shall, from thenceforth, be diveiled out of the Assignee or Affig-acts so removed or displaced, and be veiled in, and delivered over to such new Assignee or Assignees, in the kne Manner, and for the same Intents and Purposes, as the same were before vested in the Assignee or Assignees first chosen as aforesaid; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where mutual Credit hath bem given between any Debtor who shall be discharged in pursuance of this Act, and any other Person or Periods, or Bodies Corporate or Politick, before the Delivery of such Schedule or Inventory of the Estate and ESeds of such Debtor or Debtors, upon Oath as aforesaid, the respective Assignee or Assignees of such Debtor or Debtors is and are hereby authorized and required on his and their Parts, to (late and allow an Account between them and the other Party or Parties concerned; and nothing more shall be deemed to be vested in such Clerk of the Peace, or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or such Assignee or Assignees as aforesaid, as the Estate or Effects-of such Debtor or Debtors, than what shall appear to be justly due to him, her, yr them respectively, as and for the Balance of such Account, when truly dated.

LXII. And whereas many Persons are often committed by the Courts of Law and Equity for Contempts,

for not paying money ordered or awarded to be paid, and also for not paying of Costs duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper Officer, after proper Demands made for that Purpose, and also upon the Writ of £x-

rmmmmkato Gatoendo* or other Process for, or grounded on, the Non-payment of Money, Costs, or Expences, in

fame Cause or Proceeding in some Ecdefiafticil Court, or for Contempt to such Court relating thereto it is

hereby

143

Penalty for concealing Estates of Debtors, tool, and Double-the Value.

If Assigneet die* others ruay be chosen, See.

Courts, on Con-plaint, may remove Assignees^ &c.

Where mutual' Credit has beets given, the Balance shall be (tated.

Prisoners for Contempts in rot payi.ig Monies .iwvrded,

C» fts &c. entitled toiiicBt-ne-hi oi this Att j.

A.D. 1801.

144 C. 70, 71. 41° GEORGII III. {U.K.)

an J nlf<» Pris>n-erj on Pi out ol Courts of Cunlcic*ncc.

So Porforn having t^k/ftn the Benefit «<' .my

InfoKeni Act within five

Years, (h.ill he

euu.L-ti to Relief under thi*.

hereby declared and enacted, That all such Persons are and shall be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, on and subj eel to the same Terms, Conditions, and Restrictions, as are herein expressed and declared with respect to Pri-{bners for Debt only.

LXIII. And whereas great Numbers of poor People hare been and are now imprisoned for Debt, upon

Processes issuing out of Courts of Conscience; ' it is hereby enacted and declared, That all such Prisoners shall be entitled to have the Benefit of this Act, and be discharged under the fame, provided he, she, or they conform to the Directions herein-before prescribed, touching other Prisoners who shall be discharged by virtue of this Act.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have taken the Benefit of any Act heretofore passed for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors within the Space of five Years last pall, shall have or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or under this Act, nor be deemed to be within the Intent and Meaning thereof, so as to be discharged under the fame; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Affirmation of i^uakvrs shall Le taken.

Person* named in Irish Insolvent Act, 40 G.

«-. 41. §30. excluded from the Benefit of this A ti.

LXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases wherein by this Act an Oath is required, the solemn Affirmation of any Person being a Quaker, shall and may be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every Person making such Affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful and false Affirmation, shall incur and suffer such and the same Penalties as are inflicted and imposed by this Act upon Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That Joseph Henry Kieman, James Plunket, Edward Graham, Hugh Reilly, and Edward Brabazon, confined Debtors, named and described in an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland it* the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of confined Debtors who may be insolvent, be not entitled to the Benefit of this Act, not with (landing their Situations respectively come within the Provisions of the same.

Act shall not extend to Scotland.

LXVII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

24 G. 3. Si. 2. c. 31.

2nd 29 G. 3* c. 49, recited.

After April 5,

I So 1, in England, and May 24, 1801, in Scotland, the Duties granted by Act 24G. 3. and nil Regulations in A.51,

29 G. 3. shall cease, except as to Arrears, &c. Horse Dealers in London and Westminster, See. shall pay an annual Licence Duty of 10I and elsewhere in Great Britain, 5l.

Duties in England shall commence from April 1801, to he assessed for a Year, and paid on Sept, zq, yearly;

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management of the Duties on Licences for using or exercising the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred.

[27th June 1801.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, certain Stamp Duties were granted in Great Britain on Licences issued for using and exercising the Trade of aw Horse Dealer, and placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Time being, appointed to managethe Duties charged on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, which Duties have been further regulated

by an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty: And whereas it is expedient that the said Duties should be repealed, and other Duties should be granted in lieu thereof, to be placed under the

Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, under the Provisions of this Act; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and one in England, and from and after the twenty-fourth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and one in Scotland, the Duties granted by the said first-recited Act, and all the Regulations contained in the said last-recited Act, or in any other Act concerning the said Duties on Licenses as aforesaid, shall cease and determine, save and except in all Cases relating to the demanding, recovering, receiving, or paying, any Arrears of Duties by the said first-recited Act granted, wdiich on the respective Days before mentioned shall have remained unpaid in England and Scotland respectively; and the several Clauses, Provisions, Matters, and Things relating to the due paying, receiving, and recovering the fame; save also and except the paying and accounting for the Duties received since the fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and one, by virtue of the said hrft-recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and one in England, and from and >fter the said twenty-fourth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and one in Scotland, in lieu and instead of the Duties on Licences to use of exercise the Trade of an Horse Dealer, by this Act repealed, there shall be assessed, raised, and levied, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon every Person who shall use or exercise the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer within the Cities of I.ondon and Westminster, and the Liberties of the same respectively, the Pari files of Saint Maryde-bone and Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex, the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey, the Annual Rate or Duty of Ten Pounds, and upon every Person xvho shall use or exercise the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer in any other Part of Great Britain, the annual Rate or Duty of five Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That the first Assessment to be made of the Rate or Duty for using or exercising the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer in England, shall commence from and after the fifth Day of April oner thousand eight hundred and one, and shall be made for one whole Year, at the Rate herein-before mentioned, and shall be paid on the twentieth Day of September in every Year, the first Payment to be made on the twentieth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and one.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. C. 71. 145

IV. And He it further enacted, That every Assessment of the said Duty to be made ip Scotland, shall be wade 5n<?i«

for one whole Year from the Term of Whitsunday in every Year, and shall be paid yearly, on or before the twenty* u

fifth Day of March in every Year; the firit Payment thereupon to be made on the twenty-fifth day of March one at, a ^1 \"' thousand eight hundred and two. Marui

V. Provided always, That all Persona who shall have already paid the Duty on any Licences, to use and exer- Pc f »n n., -/

cife the Trade and Business of Horse Dealers, and in force at the Time of passing this Act, and shall be aflWfed > Py*under this Act from the fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and one in England, and the twenty-fourth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and one in Scotland, shall, after paying the said full Assessment, be tt.j, t, ". v^c

entitled to receive from the Commissioners of Stamps, or the Receiver General of Stamp Duties, or any Officer ap- u j'-A-h i n. pointed by the said Commissioners, out of any' Monies arising from the Duties hereby repealed, such a Proportion tlio >c

of the Duties already paid as shall be necessary to prevent a double Payment of the said Duties for the Period^ Vp '*elapsed, or to elapse between the said fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and one, and the Expiration '1*

of fu«h I licences respectively; for which Purpose the said Commissioners of Stamps are hereby required to make inch Orders in respect to the Time and Manner of such Re-payments, as to them shall appear belt calculated to effectuate the Intention of this Act, and to prevent a double Charge.

" Cominiflloners for Taxes shall be the Commissioners for executing this Act, See. $ 6.* u Duties shall be af- sessed, See. as prescribed by any Acts in Force for assessing Duties under their Management. §7."* Affci-

4€ fors shall cause Notice to be affixed on the Doors of Churches, Sec. requiring all Persons to deliver Lifts, which " shall be deemed good Service of such Notice/* " Penalty for defacing Notices, 20l. to 5l. § S. §14,

M 15, 16 of c. 69/*]

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That besides such general Notice as aforesaid, the said respective Assessors shall, within sixty Days after the passing of this Act, for the respective Periods aforesaid in which to*

the 11 i'll Assessment under this Act is directed to be made, and for every subsequent Year after the said Periods within twenty-one Days after the fifth Day of April in England, and twenty-fourth Day' of May in Scotland in topruduic List*, every such Year, give or leave at every Dwelling House, Livery Yard or Stable, where any Person uling or exercising, or supposed to use or exercise the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, shall reside, or keep or have any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or any Horses, Mares, or Geldings, within the Limits of the Places for which such Assessors aft, a Notice to and for the Occupiers thereof or Persons keeping the same respectively, requiring such Persons respectively to prepare and produce within twenty'-one Days next ensuing the Day of giving such Notice, a List or Declaration in Writing in the Form herein after required; and if any Persons using or exercising the Ppn'ilt -, "0,

Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, shall neglect or refuse to make out and deliver to the Assessor or Assessors 1W0

a List or Declaration in the Form, and within the Time herein prescribed, after such general or special Notice as AilV 1V0: v, or aforesaid, and as the Case may' require, or not having made a Return within the Time herein prescribed, shall after- trading as an w ard.'* use or exercise the Trade or Business of an Horse Dealer without giving Notice thereof to the Assessor or Ho, le ^ea*cr Assessors, in order that he or (lie may be charged to the Duties hereby granted, then and in every such Case, he wlLlu>Ullodu: , 1S' or (he shall forfeit for every such Offence the 011m of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered as any other Penalty may he recovered by any Law relating to the Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners, and such Al-feffor or Assessors shall return to the Commissioners for executing this Act, the Names of the Persons making such Default.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Person using or exercising the Trade and Business of an Horse j^jr^P^ers Dealer, shall return a List or Declaration as herein after mentioned, in every Parish or Place where he or she shall 2I Daysoi No-then keep or have any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or any Horses, Mares, or Geldings, or shall have kept the same rice annually re-toithin the Year ending on the then preceding fifth Day of April in England, or twenty-fourth Day of May inum bift$ in Scotland, within twenty-one Days after the affixing or aelivering of such Notice as aforesaid; and every* Lilt to e^by be made out in pursuance of this Act shall be in Writing, and signed with the Name in the proper Hand Writing, hav/keptHorfrs and shall contain the Place of Abode of the Person returning the fame, and also the Place or Places where he or within any pre-she doth carry' on the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, and also the greatest Number of Horses, Mares, ceding Ve.tr, and Geldings, kept by him or her within the Period of such preceding Year as aforesaid, distinguistung whether , rom APnf 5* the same shall have been kept for Sale or for private Use, and the Number of each so kept, and for what Purpose$ rach such Horse, Mare, and Gelding kept for private Use, was so kept or used; and every Person who shall have crafed to carry on such Trade or Business before the said respective Times last mentioned, shall deliver a Declaration thereof, with the Day and Time of ceasing to carry on the same.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person who hath, or shall have divers Places whereat Perform tra<tf^ he or she shall use or exercise the Trade or Business of an rtorfe Dealer, and is or may be deiinous of paying the as Horse Dealers fa d Duties at one of such Places, shall he obliged to deliver a Return at each of such Places, declaring therein the a* divers Places, particular County and Parish or Place where he or she intends, or ought to be charged for the said Duty, to enable deliver

the Assessor or Assessors at such Place to charge the same accordingly, on Pain that every Person offending in any erf the Particulars before-mentioned, shall be chargeable at either Place, and for Neglect in making such Return, where they in-shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds. lend to I r

charged lor the Duty, on penalty of io\.

M Commissioners forTaxes may cause Lists of Persons having made Returns, or of Persons charged to the Duty,

to be made out for the Inspection of any Persons applying, and may authorize Copies to be made by their Officers, which shall be admitted in Evidence, § j 2." And may, by Direction of the Treasury, publish Lifts

of the Persons charged to the Duties, and cause them to be fixed up." 44 Penalty for defacing or removing

Lifts, 5l. $ 13/* 44 The Commissioners shall appoint Assessors under the Acts relative to the other Duties to be Assessors under this Act } and in Default or Negleci of the Assessors, the Surveyors shall act. § i4., f rSA i 25, 26, 27 of c. 69.

41 Geo. III. {V. K.).U XV. Apd

146

AflV lTorj, St c. ni»*y make Surcharges in double the Duty on Persons neglecting to take out Licences, or make Returns. And the Commissioners may artefs a Penalty in Addition to the Duty, on lbe Offenders.

Assessors, &c. making Surcharges entitled to the Penalties. Adjudication! of Commissioners shall be final, and not removeable, except a Case be demanded.

Pe ifons removing without paying the Duty, &c. forfeit 10l. and the Commissioners for the Place where charged shall certify to the Commissioners of any Distrtfl where such Person may be, the Amount of the Assessnaent, and Arrears which may be diHrained for with Costs sod Penalty. Penalty on Defaulters trading as Horse Dealer*, cl. per >fonth.

[38 G. 3. c. 6o. $ 1 a. 39 G. 3. c. 6. $ 1 — 3.

39 C. 3. c. 10S. 1 «*, «9-

0.71, 72. 41° GEORGII III. (i .) A.D. 1801.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if attoy Time the Assessors, Surveyors, or Inspectors, or any of them, shall, upon Examination of any List or Lists, or otherwise find that any Person using or extreifing the Trade or Business of an Horse Dealer, hath not taken out a Licence to use or exercise the Trade or Business of an Horse Dealer in pursuance of the said first-recited Act, or hath not made any Return in pursuance of this Act; or if the Assessors, Surveyors, or Inspectort, or any of them, shall, upon such Examination, find that any Person or Persons to whom a Licence to use or exercise the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, hath been granted in pursuance of the said first-recited Act, or any Person who hath made a Return of using or exercising such Trade or Business in pursuance of this Act, doth keep any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or Horics, Mares, or Geldings, liable to any of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, for any other Purpose or Use than for Sale, and shall not have duly made a Return of the same according to the Provisions of the (cve-ral Acts relating to the said several Duties, then such respective Assessors, Surveyors, and Iofpe&ors, are hereby required to make a Surcharge in double the Duty at which such Person or Persons ought to be charged, in rcipeft of the Horses, Mares, or Geldings so kept; and every Person shall be charged in such double Duty for every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, not duly returned as aforesaid; and if any Person lo forcharged, shall, upon an Appeal against such Surcharge, or at the Time of allowing the same upon any Information exhibited before the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or any two or more of them, be adjudged by them to be guilty of any Offence against this Act, for which any pecuniary Penalty is inflicted, it shall be lawful for the said Comraii-sioners to assess upon the Party by Way of Penalty, any further Sum not exceeding the Penally hereby inflicted for such Offence, in Addition to the said Duty, as the said Commissioners shall think fit, and to cause the said Penalty so assessed to be charged on such Person, and to be collected in the same Manner as the Duties granted by this Act are directed to be coilcdted; and the Assessors, Surveyors, and Inspectors, making such Surcharges, shall be entitled to receive from the Receivers General the Amount of such Penalties, in such Shares, where two or more of them are employed, as the Commissioners for executing this Act shall certify to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, they are respectively entitled unto; and the Adjudication of the said Commissioners shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, without Power of appealing from the same, and the Proceedings of the said Commissioners shall not be removeable by any Process whatever into any Court of Law or Equity, except a Case shall be demanded and dated for the Opinion of one of the Judges or Justice of the Superior Court mentioned in the said Acts, conformably to the Directions contained therein, in other Cases relative to Assessed Taxes: Provided always, That the said Commissioners shall in no Case mitigate the Sum to be assessed by way of Penalty as aforesaid, to a less Sum than one fourth Part of the Sum to which the Penalty as expressed in this Act is hereby limited not to exceed: Provided also, That the Assessment of any Sum as aforesaid* by. way of Penalty by the said Commissioners, may be pleaded or shewn in bar of any subsequent Prosecution or Suit for the same Offence.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons charged to the Duties granted by this Act* or either of them, shall remove out of the Parish or Place without first paying or discharging all the said Duties charged upon him, her, or them for that Year, or without leaving in such rarish or Place sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon the said Duties may be raised and levied as they respectively become payable, and the same shall remain unpaid for the Space of twenty Days after the Time appointed by this Act for Payment thereof, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for executing this Act, in the Parish or Place where such Duties shall be charged, and they are hereby required to certify to the Commissioners of any District where such Person may be at any Time, and from Time to Time as the Case may require, the Amount of the Assessment made upon such Person or Persons, together with the Amount of what may be in Arrear and due thereon, and such last mentioned Commissioners shall thereupon issue a Warrant of Distress for the Recovery of the Whole of the Duty that shall then be in Arrear, and the reasonable Costs attending such Certificate and Distress, and the Recovery of the said Duties, together with any Sum that may have been imposed upon such Person by Way of Penalty, for any Offence against this Act; and if Goods or Chattels cannot be found whereon Distress for the whole Sums contained in such Warrant can be made, then such Part as cannot be so levied by Distress as aforesaid, shall be recoverable as a Debt upon Record to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and every Person having made such Default as aforesaid, w ho shall afterwards use or exercise the Trade or Business of an Horse Dealer writhout having paid and satisfied all such Arrears of Duties, Costs, and Penalties as aforesaid, shall, for every Calendar Month during which he or she shall so use or exercise the Trade or Business of an Horse Dealer, forfeit and pay the further Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered as aforesaid.

Duties shall be paid into the Exchequer, and carried to the Consolidated Fund, f 17." " Duties shall be kept u separate from other Branches of the Revenue, f 18."

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for extending the Period of Preference granted and continued by several Acts to Bodies Corporate and Persons for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and to amend an Act of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax.

[27th June 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, that the Period within which all Bodies Corporate and Politick, Companies, and Persons mentioned in several Acts passed in the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, were allowed the Benefit of Preference in contracting for the Redemption of any

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.)

C. 7

r47

39 A* 40 G. 3.

c. 10.

- C. JO.{ I.J

B dies Corpo -la e, and Pei for* who were empowered In laid A.ifs to conti n t for the Redemption of tht Laud Tax charged on Land*, Uq. o! which they Should be in Pof. fetT-m, See. in Prderenre to others, shall < i.n-

Land Tax therein mentioned, and which was, by an Act passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, extended until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one,

1 should be revived, continued, and further extended may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Bodies Corporate or Politick, Companies, and Persons, in the said Acts mentioned, who hr the Came Acts, or any of them, were empowered to contract for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of which they were or should be in Possession, or to the Rents and Profits whereof they were or should be beneficially entitled, or in which they should have any Estate or Intereil in Remainder, Reversion, or Expedancy, or being Substitute Heirs of Entail, should be entitled, in their Order, to succeed to in Preference to any other Bodies, Corporations, Companies, or other Persons whatsoever, not having any Estate or Intereil therein; and the respective Committees, Curators,

Tutors, Guardians, or Trustees of such Persons, on their Behalf respectively are hereby declared to have, ami Audi continue to have and be entitled to such and the like Preference in the Redemption of such Land Tax, over such other Bodies, Corporations, Companies, or Persons, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, until and upon the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two.

tinue to have like Preference till March 45, isoz.

II. 1 And whereat, by an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 38 3- c. 5<

An Act /hr granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service o f the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it is enacted, that every Receiver General in England, Wales,

and Berwuk-upon-Tweed, upon the Receipt of the whole Assessments of the County, Riding, City, or Town,

for which he is appointed Receiver General, (in case he shall have received the Several Duplicates of each Parish and Place therein, and that Duplicates shall be returned to the Office of his Majesty's Remembrancer of the Exchequer, and not otherwise), shall allow and piy according to such Warrant as shall be given in that Behalf by the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, three Halfpence in the Pound, and no more, to the CommiAoners* Clerks for their rains in fair writing the Assessments, Duplicates, and Copies therein-befalre directed, and all Warrants, Orders, and Instruction* relating thereto: And whereas Doubts have arisen,

whether under the said Provision such Receivers General are authorized to allow and pay to the said Clerks three Halfpence in the Pound upon such Land Tax as hath been, or shall from Time to Time be redeemed; be it therefore enacted, That so long as the Duplicate of the Land Tax charged upon any Parish or Place in respect of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments therein, shall, under the Provisions of the said lad-recited Act, and of the said first-recited Act for the Redemption of the Land Tax, be required to be delivered to sny such Receiver General, it shall be lawful for any such Receiver General in England, Wales, and Berwick-ubot^Tweed, and he is hereby required, upon the Receipt of the whole Assessments of the County, Riding, or Place for which he shall be Receiver, in case he shall have received such Duplicates as aforesaid, and the same shall be returned to the Office of his Majesty's Remembrancer of the Exchequer pursuant to the Directiona of the said lad-recited Act, to allow and pay to the respective Clerks for the Time being, to the Comissioner* of Land Tax who shall have delivered such Duplicates, three Halfpence in the Pound, as weR upon the Amount of Land Tax which shall have been redeemed in such respective Parishes or Placer, as also, upon so much of the I /and Tax as shall remain chargeable therein: Provided always, That it shall be Lwful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer For the Time being, whenever they shall think fit, to order and direct, that the said allowance of three Halfpence in the Pound shall cease to be paid for or in respect of so much of the said Land Tax as shall have been redeemed; any Thing herein contained to the contrary not with (landing.

remain chargeable; but the Treasury may difrontinue Payment on the Amount of the former*

III. And whereas, by the said lad-recited Act it is enacted, that no Receiver whatsoever of any Monies Receiver

jrranted by the said Act to be raised in England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, or any Heirs,

Executors, or Administrators of such Receiver, should, in any Account of the Monies wherewith such Receiver

(bouid be chargeable, unless such Account should be declared and passed in the Exchequer within two Years

at the farthest after the twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, be allowed

or admitted to be set in safer, or charge any County, Division, or Place in England, Wales, or the Town of

Berwkk-mbon-Tweed, for any Monies granted by the said Act which should be in Arrear and unpaid, but that the same should remain a Debt upon every such Receiver, to be answered by him and his Securities, his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, Lands, Tenements, Goods, and Chattels respectively, which Pro-

vifioo applies only to the Monies directed to be raised for the Year ending the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and k is therefore expedient that Provision should be made in this

Behalf, in regard to Monies raised and to be raised for any Year commencing after the twenty-fifth D?y of

March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-ninebe it therefore further enacted, That no such Receiver, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, shall, in his or their Account of the Monies which, under and by virtue of the said last-recited Act, were to be raised in and for the respective Years ending the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred, and one thousand eight hundred and one, be allowed or admitted to set in f*P*r, or charge any County, Division, or Place in England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, for any of the said Monies which shall be in Arrear and unpaid, unless such Account shall be declared and passed in the Exchequer within Two Years at the farthest, after the Expiration of such Years, nor to set in

Jm/fTy or charge any such County, Division, or Place, in any Account of the Monies which, under and by nrtuc of the said Act, shall be to be raised in and for any Year after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, for any of the said Monies which shall be in Arrear and unpaid, unless such Account shall be declared and passed in the Exchequer within two Years after the Commencement of the Year (every such Year commencing from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March) m and for which such Monies

While a Duplicate of the Land Tax shall l>c required to be delivered [iflff/iV 3* G. 3. c. 5.

3$ G. 3. c. 60.] to the Receiver General, hr shall allow to the Clerks of the Commissionert 1 \x, in the Round upon thft Amount of th# I.and Tax redeemed, as well as on what lhafl

shall, in his Account of the Money whi< h was

1 t be raised under 3S G. t.t.

I,the V» ai» ending Mmk

2 1 sco, a: .d ihoi, or in any lubfeijuentYear, be allowed to let infus#rt or

t large any I'Jace in England, for any Money in A near, unless lu«-Am 0u.1t be passed within two Years alter the Expiration ihertol.

C. 72, 73>

74-

410 GEORGII III. A.D. 1801.

Condition* of Bond> entered into by Receiver' General for at counting, shall relate to tl e Period fverified in Time for turol-ment of Deeds extended six Monlkft.

There Ural I be issued at the Exchequer in Ireland 5, 0761.18s. 6d. to the Dublin Society for 1801; 4, 15 164.1 id.

for completing Buildings to Uut Society j and 1, 846l. 31. id. for Farming Societies under the Direction of the Lord Lieutenant.

Appropriation of the Money granted to the Dublin Society foi promoting Husbandry.

The Money granted for Buildups and for promoting the Purposes of the Farming Sonet its shall be under the Directions of the Lord Lieutenant.

shall be to be raised; but all such Monies in Arrear shall remain a Debt upon every such Receiver, torbe ar.Cwered by him and his Securities, his and their Executors and Administrators, Lands,; Tenements, Goods, and Chattels, respectively.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Conditions of all Bonds to his Majesty which have been entered into by such Receivers Generals or their respective Sureties, and are now in force in regard to the receiving, accounting for, and paying the Land Tax within the Peniod specified in the said lall-recited Act, shall relate respectively to the Periods specified in tins Act, in like Manner as if such Bonds had bun entered into after the passing of this Act and in pursuance thereof.

this Art.

V. And be it further enacted, That any Deed or Deeds required by the several Acts pafl*ed for the Redemption of the Land Tax, or any of them to be inrolled or registered, shall be valid and effectual, although the same shall not have been inrolled or rtgillcred within the Periods prescribed by the said Acts, provided the iaiue be inrolled or registered within lix Calendar Months after the passing of this Act.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for directing the Application of several Sums granted by Parliament to the Dublin Society, and to the Farming Societies in Ireland.

[27th June 1801*.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, having granted to your Majesty several Sums of Money

for your Majesty's Service in Ireland, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be* enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, out of any Monies granted for the Supply of the present Year* for the Service of Ireland, there shall and may be issued and paid, at the Receipt of the Exchequer in Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding live thousand and seventy-six Pounds eighteen Shillings and Sixpence Sterling, being five thousand five hundred Pounds Irish Currency, to the Dublin Society for promoting Husbandry and other useful' Ajts, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four thousand one hundred and fifty-three rounds sixteen Shillings and Elevenpence Sterling, being four thousand five hundred Pounds Irish Currency, to be applied towards completing additional Buildings at the Repository of the Dublin Society in Haw hint Street and Botanic Garden at Glaffneven; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one thousand eight hundred and forty-six Pounds three Shillings and one Penny Sterling, being two thousand Pounds irish Currency, to be applied under the Direction of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief .Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, in promoting the Purposes of the Farming Societies in Ireland, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one.

II. And be it enacted, That out of the Sum so granted for promoting Husbandry and other useful Arts, it shall be lawful for the Dublin Society, by and with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, lignitied by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, to pay the several Professors, Officers, and Servants, who have been heretofore paid a yearly Sum by the said Society, such Salaries by the said Society, as the said Society shall think proper, and as shall be. so approved of; and that the Remainder of - such Sum shall be disposed of in such Manner as the said Society shall direct, for promoting Husbandry and other useful Arts and Manufactures.

III. And be it enacted, That the Sum so granted towards completing additional Buildings at the Repository of the Dublin Society in Hawkins Street and Botanic Garden at Glaffneven, shall be applied to that Purpose, in such Manner only as shall be approved of and authorized by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, and that the Sum so granted for promoting the Purposes of the Farming Societies of Ireland shall be disposed of for that Purpose, in such Manner, and in such Proportions, and under such Regulations, as the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, shall direct and appoint.

CAP. LXXIV.

Cap. 44 of this Setijon.

An Act for regulating* until the twentieth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and two, tlae Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation from Ireland of British Plantation Sugar, and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported from Ireland\ and for allowing British Plantation Sugar ta be warehoused in Ireland.

[27th June i8or.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed this Session of Parliament, intituled, yin AH for reviving, continuing until

T V the twenty Jifth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and two, and amending an Act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties on Sugar and

Coffee xported, granted by an Act payed is the thirty-ninth Year of his present Massy's Reign, for allowing Briti/l* Plantation Sugar to le warehoused; for reviving so much of an Act made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Dr aw lack, on the Exportation thereof; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, until the tenth Day of May oner

thousand eight hundred and one, it is enacted, That until the tenth Day of May one thousand eight hundred

ami two* the several Drawbacks and Bounties theretofore allowed and paid under any Act or Acts of Parlia.

inert

A.D. 180l.

41° GEORGII III. (U.K.)

C. 74.

149

ment on the Exportation from Great Britain, except to Ireland, of any Sugar of the British Plantations, i* the 4 (amc State in which it Was imported, or of any Refined Sugar called Bastard: , or any Ground or Powdered Sugar broken in Pieces, or Sugar called Candy, or any other Refined Sugar in the Loaf complete and whole,

4 or Lumps duly refined, be discontinued, and that instead and in lieu thereof the several Drawbacks and Bounties in the Schedule to the said Act annexed, corresponding with the Average Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar,

taken in the Manner therein described, published in the London Gazette, should be paid and allowed as in the said Act is specifivd, except on Sugar exported to Ireland: And whereas it is expedient that the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation from Ireland of all such Sugar as aforesaid, except to Great Britain, be regulated in like Manner as the same arc regulated by the said recited Act in Great Britain; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after ten Days from the passing of this Act, and until ten Days after the tenth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and two, all Drawbacks heretofore allowed and paid under and in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland on the Exportation from Ireland, except to Great Britain, of any Sugar of the British Plantations, in the same State in which it was imported, or of any Refined Sugar called Bastards, or any Ground or Powdered Sugar, or Refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pieces, or Sugar called Candy, or any other Refined Sugar in tire Loaf complete and whole, or Lumps duly refined, shall be and the same are hereby discontinued, and that instead or lieu thereof, the several Drawbacks in the Schedule to this Act annexed shall be paid and allow ed.

Sugar, shall bedifeominued, and in lieu thereof shall be allowed those in the Sc hedule annexed1.

II. And in order to ascertain in Ireland the Average Prices of Sugar according to which the Draw backs Commissioner* payable on all Sugars as aforesaid exported from Ireland, except to Great Britain, are to be allowed, be it enacted, That the Chief Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland shall forthwith, after the passing of this Act, causeto be published in the Dublin Gazette the Average Prices of Brown or MuJ'covado Sugar inserted in the London Gazette for six Weeks next preceding the passing of this Act, ascertained pursuant to the Provisions of the said recited Act, and shall in like Manner forthwith, after the Arrival in Dublin of any London Gazette ascertaining the Average Prices of such Sugar ascertained as aforesaid, cause such Average Prices to be inserted in the Dublin Gazette, and all such Prices shall be inserted in British Currency.

ed in ihe London Gazette, &c.

III. 4 And whereas certain of the Returns of the Average Prices of Sugar, published in the London Gazette When thefcc-

before the passing of this Act, may include the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation of Sugar into Great Britain, be it enacted, That in all such Cases on pubEshing the said Average Prices in the Dublin Gazrtte, a Deduction shall be made from such Returns of twenty Shillings British Currency per Hundred, being the Duty now payable thereon.

tain, a Deduction of 20s. perCwt. shall be* made.

IV. And be it enacted, That if in the first Publication of the Dublin Gazette in pursuance of this Act, or If certain IV on the first Publication of the Dublin Gazette after the Arrival of the Lomlon Gazette in Dublin, after the tenth Day of jtugujl or the tenth Day of November one thousand eight hundred and one respectively, it shall appear that the Average Prices of Brown and Muscovado Sugar, taken in Manner by the said recited Act directed, for the six Weeks preceding shall not have exceeded seventy Shillings British Currency for an Hundred Weight, exclusive of the Duties payable on the Importation thereof, then and in even* such Case the Drawback in the Schedule to this Act annexed, mentioned as corresponding to or with the Price of which such Notice in the Iligblin Gazette shall have been given as aforesaid, shall be paid and allowed, except on Exportation to Great Bri

Am, until Notice of any other Average Price published in the London Gazette on the Saturday immediately preceding any other of such subsequent Days shall be given in the Dublin Gazette, and such Drawback shall be paid and allowed in like Manner in every Respect, and subject to and under and acecrding to the like Rules arul Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Drawbacks were paid or allowed before the passing of this Act.

Notice jml'lished I

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That on the Exportation from Ireland of any Refined Sugar, in any On.-{«. other than a Ship or Vessel of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, there shall be paid and allowed one Shilling British Currency less Drawback for each and every Hundred Weight of such Sugar so exported, than if the same had been exported in a British or frjh Ship or Vessel, so owned, navigated, and registered; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Drawback payable on the Exportation of Sugar by virtue of this Act, shall be paid and allowed on all Sugar which shall have been, or shall be shipped or laden on board any Ship or Ships, or water-borne, with Intent to he shipped or laden on board any Ship or Ships in Ireland for Exportation, after the twentieth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one.

9*

From ten Dayt

after the pnlfing of this Act,; »n«l until ten Day. after May to i<oz, r.!I Pr.i vesseles hereto: - te paid on the Exportation from Ireland of certain Sorts of

of the Revenue in Ireland shall

eause to l>c pu£>-lished in the Dublin G.i7etft\ the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, as inl'rrl-

turns of the Average Prices include t!u Duty of Importation into Great B: i-

riods it Ih ill appear th.it the A vet age Price* of Brown or Miifcovadu Sug.i: in.<21 nor have ext t < dnt ?o; . per Cmt.

cvelefvr u

Di: i\, : h< Draw-

k i- fir

Sch, .,

p< rrii.v wifi fuel'. J'.i. < th .II

ol K< nut i inn .* i ti: a Butish

VII. 4 And whereas it ir, expedient that Time should be given for the Payment of the Duties in Inland on*Brieifh Plantation Sugar, be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Comir.ifiioners of his Majesty's Revenue in Irrland, to take Bond to hri Majesty from the respective Importers, Proprietors, or Configures of any British Plantation Sugar, for the Payment of the Duties chargeable upon any such Sugar which shall be imported into Ireland; and all Sugar so bonded shall be lodged and secured at die lole Expence of the irspective Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees thereof, under the joint Locks of his Majesty, and of such importers. Proprietors, or Consignees thereof, in such Warehouse or Warehouses as shall be fit for that Pur-and shall be approved of by the said Commissionew \ and such Sugar shall not be delivered, cleared, or

taken

Dr, \ v Cm Uh.illl < j Di.-wli.u k /I, id I c .ill p\* d on»u»-.!1 Ihijtj-ed,

1.1 lit 1. fwl, lor !>.[ aft*r J a in* 20, 1^i.

B j-d m.i\ l.w l.ik( n l.ii I. \.iiui't >i t:

HU ' u

iu.*»i t* d Jul-r Ltl.t.U.

ISO

Fay able in three Months with fix -per Cent. Intermit, or the £ugar may be foW to defray Duly and Charges 4

But the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, may renew such Bonds for three Months if Che Sugars re-guda unfold.

Fees and Stamps

may be deduced out of the Interest payable on such Bonds. Continuance of Act 20th May 1802,

C. 74, 75. 41° GEORGII III. ( A.D. 1801.

taken from any such Warehouse, unless the full Duties and other legal Charges due and payable thereon shall have been paid.

VIII. And be it enacted, That every Bond for Payment of the Duties chargeable upon any such Sugar imported into any Port in Ireland, and warehoused, shall be made payable, together with Interest, at and after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per jfnnum, upon the Amount ol* such Duties, within three Months from the Date thereof; and if all Duties due and payable in respect of such Sugar, shall not be paid and satisfied within three Months from the Date of the Bond, unless further Time shall be given by the said Commissioners, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, and all Interest due thereon paid, it shall be lawful for the said CommH-sioners, at the Expiration of the said three Months, to cause such Sugar to be publicly sold to the best Bidder, at such Places as the said Commissioners shall think proper, and out of the Proceeds of such Sale to satisfy such Duties, together with the Interest due thereon, and all such legal Charges and Expences as shall have arisen, or may be due, relating to such Sugar; and the Overplus (if any) shall be paid to the respective Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees thereof, or such other Person or Persons as shall be authorized to receive the lnmc.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissionert, and they are hereby authorized, upon Proof to their Satisfaction that such Sugars, or any Part thereof remain unfold, to give three Months further Time for the Payment of the Duties on such Sugars, or upon any Part «f such Sugars, in case the Person requiring such further Time shall be desirous of paying the Duties in Part of such Sugars; and in any such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to take any New Bond or Bonds, and to permit the Sugars in respect whereof any such Bond shall be given, to remain in any Warehouse under the Provisions of this Act, for such further Period of three Months; and if at the Expiration of any such further Period of three Months, the Duties on such Sugars shall not have been paid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to fell such Sugars for Payment of the Duties, and Interest due thereon, and the Costs and Charges aforesaid, in like Manner as is herein-before mentioned.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to de<iu& and retain, out of the Interest that may become due on any Bond to be taken pursuant to this Act, the Fees and Stamp Duties that shall have been paid thereon.

XI. And be it enacted, That this Act, as to all the Matters and Things herein contained relating to the paying and allowing any Drawback under this Act, shall have Continuance until the twentieth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and two.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

TABLE of Drawbacks to be allowed and paid under the Provisions of this Act in British Currency.

Prices of Btown or Muscovado Sugar, at which Drawbacks are payable in British Currency. — 1 Drawback to be allowed on Sugar of the tirriijk Plantations in the same State in which it was imported, and Bounty on refined Sugar called Bastards, or ground or powdered Sugar, or refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pieces. Drawback on other refined Sugar in Loaf, complete and Whole, or Lump duly refined.

If Average Price of Brown or Mufco<uado Sugar, published in /.

the Gazette, shall not exceed fifty-eight Shillings per Cwt. If it shall exceed fifty-eight Shillings, and not exceed sixty to 3+

Shillings --- If it shall exceed sixty Shillings, and not exceed sixty-two 18 3'

Shillings - - - 167

If it shall exceed sixty-two Shillings, and not exceed sixty-four

Shillings - - - -44

If it shall exceed sixty-four Shillings, and not exceed sixty-six

Shillings - 12 20

If it shall exceed sixty-six Shillings, and not exceed sixty-eight

Shillings ... 10 »7

If it shall exceed sixty-eight Shillings, and not exceed seventy 8

Shillings - - -3.

If it shall exceed seventy Shillings Nothing. Nothing.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act to permit the Exportation of Tea to Ireland without Payment of any Duty, under certain Restrictions.

[27th June 1801.]

WHEREAS the Duties of Customs and Excise payable on Tea taken out of the Warehouses of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, which, by certain Acts of 1 Parliament now in Force, are to be drawn back on the Exportation thereof to Ireland, are retained in Great Britain until a Certificate of the landing of such Tea in Ireland be produced; And whereas it is expedient to allow Tea tod)c exported to Ireland without Payment of the Duties so allowed to be drawn backbe it

therefore

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. C. 75.

therefore cnt&ed by the King* most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confmt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the £uk, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to export Tea to Inland without Payment of any Duties of Customs or Excise, as shall, on or after the eighth Day of June one thou-hnd eight hundred and one, be sold af the Satys of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, under and subject to the Regulations aiyl^Restrictions herein after mentioned: rrovided always, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, shall be at Liberty to export any Tea to or for Inland, free of Duty, except such Tea as shall be taken for the foie and express Purpose of being so exported, for or out of the Warehouses belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and except in a Quantity not less than one entire Lot.

a Quantity not

II. And be it further enacted, That no Tea shall be taken or delivered from or out of the said Warehouses, free of Duty, for Exportation to Ireland as aforesaid, until the Proprietor or Proprietors, or Exporter or Exporters thereof, shall have given Bond or Security in Double the Value of the Duty of Customs, to be approved of by the Commissioners of Customs, and also Bond or Security to be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons to be appointed or empowered by them for that Purpose, in Double the Value of the Duty of Excise, for the due Exportation of such Tea, (the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted); which Bonds or Securities the said Commissioners of Customs and Excise respectively, or the Person or Persons so to be appointed or empowered as afore-mentioned, are hereby authorized and required to take in his Majesty V Name.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons desirous of exporting Tea to Ireland free of Duty shall, at least twenty-four Hours previous to the Delivery of any such Tea, make Entry in Writing with the Collector of the Customs and proper Officer of Excise respectively, specifying the Number of the Lot or Lots of Tea intended to be exported, the Number of each Chell or Package, and the Weight, the Quality, and Sale Price of the Tea in each Lot, the Amount of the Duties of Excise or Customs, as the Case majr reauire, the Name of the Ship in which such Tea was imported, and also the Port from whence such Tea is intended to be exported; and thereupon the Collector of the Customs and proper Officer of Excise shall respectively receive and take such Bond or Security as aforesaid, and shall give the Person or Persons proposing to export such Tea, and entering into such Bond or Security as aforesaid, a Certificate in Writing, lpccifying the Lot or Lots of Tea so intended to be exported, and for which Bond or Security is taken, the Number of each Chest or Package, and the Weight of each Lot, the Quality and Sale Price of the Tea, the Amount of the Duties of Customs or Excise, as the Case may require, and the Name of the Ship by which imported; and upon producing to, and leaving with the proper Officers of the Customs and Excise, having Charge of the Warehouse in which the Tea intended to be so exported shall be lodged or deposited, such Certificates respectively, such Officers shall, and they are hereby severally authorized and required to deliver a Duplicate of such Certificate under their respective Hands to the Accomptant employed by the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and also to allow the Tea particularly mentioned in such Certificate to be delivered for Exportation, without Payment of or depositing any Duties thereon: Provided nevertheless, That such duplicate Certificate shall be delivered to the said Accomptant on or before the prompt Day (that is die Dav fixed by the said Company for the Buyers of Tea to make Payment for the fame) of the Sale from, which such Teas are intended to be exported: and the proper Officer of Excise shall, upon the Request in Writing of the Person or Persons intending to take out such Tea for Exportation, or of his known Servant or Agent, grants Permit to accompany such Tea to the Port of Exportation, which Permit, in lieu and instead of specifying that the Duties have been paid, shall, in Addition to the several other Particulars usually expressed m Excise Permits, specify the Number of Chests or other Packages, and the Number of each Chest or Package, the Quantity and Species or Sort of Tea (that is to say I, whether Black or Green Tea, contained in each Lot, and that such Tea is intended to be exported to Ireland.

IV. And be it further enacted, That before any such Tea shall be shipped for Exportation to Ireland, the Person or Persons intending to ship the fame, or his or their known Servant or Agent, shall give twenty-four Hoars Notice in Writing to the proper Officers of Customs and Excise respectively, at the Port of Exportation, of hit Intention to ship such Tea, specifying in such Notice the Number of Chests and Quantity of Tea intended to be shipped, the Number of the Cnefts or Packages, and Quality of and Species of Tea contained in each Chest or Package, and the Name of the Ship and of the Mailer thereof in which the same is intended to be exDorted, and the Time when such Tea is intended to be shipped; and shall deliver to the proper Officer of Excite who Hull attend the shipping of such Tea, the Excise Permit with which the same shall or may be accompanied; and the Officer of Customs and Excise respectively, who shall attend the shipping of such Tea, flail give to the Shipper a Debenture or Certificate, testifying the shipping thereof, which Certificate of the ffijppuiflr of such Tea, together with a Certificate under the Hands of the proper Officer or Officers of his Ma-jdfy's Customs, of the due Landing of such Tea in Ireland, being within tour Months of the Date of the Bond or Security produced to and left with the Collector of the Customs and Officer of Excise respectively, by whom such Bood or Security shall have been taken, such Bond or Security shall be thereupon discharged.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Duty shall be received or taken by the United Company of Merchants of Emglsnd trading to the East Indies for or in respect of any Tea which shall be delivered for Exportation to Irelmmd pursuant to the directions of this Act, and that the said United Company shall be discharged of the Duty for all such Tea so delivered for Exportation, upon producing to and leaving with the proper Officers of Customs and Excise, the Duplicate or Certificate herein-before directed to he delivered to the Accomptant of the said United Company, any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any-wjfie notwithstanding.

*5*

Tea sold at the Sales of the Fad India Company nay he export* a to [it land without Payment of Duty it taken out of their Warehouses so» that Purpose in less than a Lot. Bond shall l*e given for the due Exportation of all such Tea.

Regulations

previous to Expo; ter's taking Tea out of \Y ju'.!: ouse.

Further Regulations as to dipping such Tea at the Port ot Exportation.

Xo Duty shall be taken by the tali India Company lor fu< h Tea: and the Company HlaW be dlic b.uged of the Duty, &c.

*5*

Penalty for «m-1 rzJing fu< h Ten, or unduly unlading it, 2Gol.

Forging Debentures Felony, pu-niihable by I even Ye irs Transpwr-taiion.

Altering fame, tool.

Commissioners of the Customs and Excise may t'orl>car to put Bondi in Suit.

Stat. 12 Car. 2. a. 24. and ail Em ift Law* extended to this A<3.

Penalties may be rteoveicd and mitigated as under Excise Laws.

Half to the King ami Hall to the lii former.

Limitation of AHions; three Months.

<>*neral Issue.

[Treble Costs.]

33G.}.e.66.§9.

i'< G. ]. «. 60.

The Admiralty, at the Request of the Commission-»f the Customs, Excise, See. may iJTue Letters of >Iarque to such

C. 75, 76. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall embezzle, take, or carry away any Tea delivered from any Warehouse for Exportation to Ireland, either before or after the shipping thereof, or if any Person or Persons whatsoever, after the shipping of any such Tea for Exportation, shall consign, unlade, or put, or carry on Shore in any Part of Great Britain, any Tea so shipped for Exportation to Ireland as aforesaid (except in Case of Shipwreck or other unavoidable Necessity), every Person so offending shall, in every such Case, over and besides the Penalty of the Bond, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pound*.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, shall at any Time counterfeit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any Debenture, Certificate, or Permit, in any Case in which a Debenture, Certificate, or Permit is by this Act! required to be used, given or granted, any Person so offending, and beingr thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for the Term of Seven Years; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or knowingly alter or erase any such Debenture, Certificate, or Permit, with Intent or for the Purpose of deceiving his Majesty's Officers of Culioms or Excise, any Person so offending, and being convicted thereof, shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Customs and Excise respectively, to forbear, if they shall see Cause so to do, to put in Suit any Bond by this Act directed to be given or entered into upon such Terms and Conditions as to the said Commissioners respectively shall seem meet.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charlet the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of JCards and Liveries, and Tenures in capite, and by Knights' Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof, or by any other Law now in Force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, shall be practised, used, and put in Execution as fully and effectually as if all and every* the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, Ills Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them, who shall inform, discover, or fuc for the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing by him or them done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County, and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon $ and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act to authorize the issuing of Commissions and Letters of Marque and Reprisal against his Majesty's Enemies, to such Ships and Vessels belonging to his Majesty as are or may be employed, in the Service of the Boards of Customs and Excise, and other Publick Boards in this Kingdom.

[27th June 1801.]

WHEREAS under the Regulations of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An A hi for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning his Majesty1 s Navy, the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for ex

1 editing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, are authorized to cause Com ' millions and Letters of Marque to he issued to such Ships and Vessels only as belong to his Majesty's Subjects, and which shall have been registered pursuant to an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twentyiixth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, the Certificate of which Registry is also by the said first recited Act required to be produced to the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, previous to the granting any such Commission or Letter of Marque: And whereas Ships and ' Vessels which belong to his Majesty are by the said recited Act pa fled in tljc twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty expressly exempted from being registered, by rcafoir whereof no Commissions or Letters ' of Marque can regularly be granted to any Ships or Vessels of his Majesty in the Service of the Boards of

Customs and Excise, or other Publick Boards, without the Sanction of Parliament may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament, assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Hijjh Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for the Time being, or any three or more of them, if they shall think fit, or any Person or Persons* by him or them empowered and appointed for that Purpose, at the Request or on the Application of the Commissionert of his Majesty's Customs, Excise, Navy, Transports, Ordnance, or VictuaMinjr,

O.

A.D. 188or* 41° GEORGII III. ( '.) C. 76, 77. 153

pcsnft Co be issued in the usual Manner one or more Commission or Commission^, or Letter or Letters of Person* as the Marque and Reprifa], to any Person or Persons whom such Commissioners so applying shall nominate to be Commander, or in case of Death successively Commanders of such Ship or Vessel for the attacking, surprizing, beCo^manders) seizing, and taking, by or with such Ship or Vessel, or with the Crew thereof, any Place or Fortress upon and the Prizes the Land, or any Ship or Vessel, Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods and Merchandize, belonging taken shall be di-to or possessed by any of his Majesty's Enemies, in any Sea, Creek, Haven, or River; and that such Ship or Ships, £jded th Vessel or Vessels, Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods and Merchandize whatsoever, with all their Fur- shares^ U»e niture, Tackle, and Apparel, so to be taken, by or with such Ship or Vessel so having such Commission or Commissioners, Letter of Marque, after final Adjudication thereof, as lawful Prize in the High Court of Admiralty, or in any &c. null think other Court of Admiralty in his Majesty's Dominions, which shall be duly authorized thereto, shall wholly and proper, entirely belong to, and be divided between and among the several Persons who shall be on board the Came, and be aiding and assisting in the taking thereof, in such Shares and Proportions as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs and Excise, or of any other Publick Board in this Kingdom, shall respectively think proper, and that neither his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, nor any other Person or Persons whomsoever, other than the Persons who dull be so on board such Ship or Vessel, and be aiding and assisting in such Captures, shall be entitled to any Part or Share thereof, except as to the Customs and Duties which by Law are or may be payable in respect thereof; any Thing contained in the said recited Act passed in the thirty-third Year of his said Majesty's Reign, or any other Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof, in anywise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always. and be it declared and enacted, That before the granting or issuing of any Commission Security shall he or Letter of Marque in pursuance of this Act. such or the like Bail and Security ftydi be taken as hath been given beforeiffu-usual in Cases of Commissions or Letters of Marque granted to Merchants Ships and Vessels, and that the Suf- aTdi-

ficiency of such Bail or Security shall be enquired into and reported, and such Oath betaken by them as tested by 33 6.3. are prdcribed and required by the said recited Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his said c. 66. $ 14, Uc. Majesty, and that all and every the Rules, Regulations, Clauses, Provisoes, Restrictions, Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things whatsoever, contained in the said bit mentioned Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the applying for, obtaining, using, or revoking of Commissions, or Letters of Marque liar Ships or Vessels belonging to his Majesty's Subjects, and relating to the Commanders, Officers, and Crews of such Ships or Vessels, and the Captures by them made^ or Offences by them committed, or to any Person or Persons granting Certificates, or otherwise idling in respect to such Ships or Vessels (except so far as the same are hereby altered and amended) shall be observed and performed, and be in full Force and Effect so- far as the same are or may be applicable in regard to Ships or Vessels having Commissions or Letters of Marque under the Provisions of this present Act, and to the Commanders, Officers, and Crews thereof, and other Persons acting in any wise relating thereto, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposet as if the said Rules*

Regulations, Clauses, Provisoes, Restrictions, Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for allowing, until the first Day of Auguf one thousand eight hundred and two, the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador, and for granting a Bounty thereon.

[27th June 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to permit the Importation of salted and pickled Salmon and salted dry Cod

Fx(h from the Island of Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador into the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and to allow on such Importation a Bounty on every Quintal or Hundred Weight of such Fish so imported be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to import from the Island of Newfoundland, or the Coast of Labrador, into the said United Kingdom, any salted or pickled Salmon, or salted dr)' Cod Fish, having been taken and cured at the said Pbces, or either of them, by British Subjects; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Labrador by

II. And be it further enacted, That, upon the Importation of such Fish into the said United Kingdom, there shall he paid and allowed to the Importer or Proprietor thereof a Bounty of three Shillings for every Quintal or Hundred Weight of such Fish, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, which Bounty shall be paid and allowed upon the following Conditions; that is to say, upon the Master and Mate of every Ship or Vessel in which such Fish shall be imported, making Oath at the Port of Importation before the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs in Great Britain, or of the Revenue in Ireland, that all the said Fan imported in the said Ship or Vessel was taken and cured by his Majesty's Subjects carrying on the Fishery at die Island of Newfoundland, or on the Coast of Labrador, as the Case may be; and upon such Fish being duly entered and regularly landed in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers appointed for that fumofi.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That salted Cod Fish and Salmon which shall have been imported under the Authority of thty Ad, and on which the Bounty above-mentioned shall have been paid as nfberfiaid, may nevertheless be exported without being subject to the Repayment of the said Bounty; any Tiling in this Act* or any other Law or Statute, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such Bounty shall be under the Management of the respective Com-isffioQers of the Customs in England and Scotland in Great Britain, and the Commissioners of the Revenue in GOO. III. (U.K.) X Ireland

Salted Salmon ot Cod Fish may be imported from Newfoundland or the Coast of British Subject, and on Importation there lha II he allowed* Bounty of per Quintal or Cwt. Conditions on which Bounty dull be paid.

Such Fish m ay bt

exported without Kcpn ment of the bounty.

Bounty shall he under the Ma-oafemeftt Qi the Commissioners of thtfCustoms, See. Fish shall be examined before Bounty be paid.

Aits for securing Duties on Salt not to be afte&ed,

Bounty shall be paid according to the Quantity ex-s pressed in Mani-fcft.

Penalty on Persons fraudulently obtaining the Bounty, rool.

Bounty shall be paid as the Bounties on the Importation of the Produce of the Bri&h Fisheries.

*7 O. t. c.

When Special Constables shall be appointed in England to execute Warrants in Cases of Felony, two Justices may order proper Allowances to be made for their Expences and Loss of Time,

C. 77, 78. 41° GEORGII III. ( .)A.D. 180r.

Ireland respectively, and shall be paid by the said Collector or other principal Officer, before whom such Oath is directed to be taken as aforesaid, out of any Fund under the Management of the said Commissioners respectively: Provided always, That before any Bounty shall be paid upon any such Fish as aforesaid, the feme stall be examined by two indifferent and disinterested Persons, expenenced in the Nature of such Fish, appointed for that Purpose at the Port of Importation, with the Approbation of the said Commissioners respectively; which Persons so appointed, together with the proper Officer or Officers who shall attend the Examination of the said Fish, shall declare, upon their corporal Oaths, to be administered by the Collector or other principal Officer at the Port of Importation, whether the said Fish, or any Part thereof, is or is not merchantable; and in case any such Fish, or any Part thereof, shall not be merchantable, no Bounty stall be allowed or paid on the Importation thereof.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to vary, alter, or repeal any Act or Acts of Parliament made for the Security of the Duties upon Salt, but that every Act or Acts of Parliament, relating to such Duties, stall remain in force in like Manner to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Bounty shall be paid or allowed on the Importation of any such Fish, for or upon any greater Quantity or Weight thereof than is or shall be contained and expressed in the Manifest required by Law, upon the Importation thereof into any Port of the United Kingdom.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Persons stall, in any Manner whatever, fraudulently obtain any Bounty upon the Importation of such Fish, or shall enter any such Fish for the Purpose of obtaining any Bounty thereon, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in every such Case, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Bounty upon the Importation of such Fish shall be paid and allowed in such and the like Manner, and under such and the like Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Bounties on the Importation of the Produce of the British Fifterics may, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, be paid and allowed, so far as the feme are applicable thereto; and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution for or in respect of the Bounty hereby allowed, as far as the feme are applicable thereto, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents ana Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

u Act to continue till August 1, 1802. f 9."

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to extend the Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing to Constables and others the Expences of conveying Offenders to Gaoly and for allowing the Charges of Poor Persons bound to give Evidence against Felons \ and for allowing to High Constables, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, their Charges in certain Cases.

[27th June 180 i.J

WHEREAS by an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing to Conjlabks and others the Expences of conveying Off fenders to Gaoly and for allowing the Charges ofpoor Persons bound to give Evidence against Felons, it is enacted*

That when any Person, not having Gooas or Money within the County where he is token, sufficient to bear the Charges of himself and of those who convey him, is committed to Gaol or the House of Correction, by Warrant from any ^ustice or Justices of the Peace, then on Application by any Constable or other Officer wha

conveyed him, to any Justice of the Peace for the feme County or Place, he shall upon Oath examine into and

ascertain the reasonable Expences to be allowed such Constable or other Officer, and shall forthwith without Fee or Reward, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, order the Treasurer of the County or Place to pay thet

fame, which the said Treasurer is hereby required to do as soon as he received such Warrant; and any Sum f so paid shall be allowed in his Accounts: And whereas it is expedient, in certain Cases, that Constables speeiafly appointed by Justices of the Peace to execute any Warrant or Warrants, should be paid the reasonable Charges and Expences incurred by them, as well in respect of searching for and apprehending Offenders, as inr conveying such Offenders to Gaol: And whereas it is also expedient that High Constables should, in certairr Cases, be allowed the extraordinary Charges and Expences by them incurred; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by: and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia uient assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any two Justices of the Peace for any County, City, Division, Riding or Place* within that Part of the United Kingdom called England, when any Person or Persons shall have been nominated or appointed a special Constable or special Constables, for the Purpose of executing any Warrant or Warrants m any Case or Cases of Felony, to order, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands* such proper: Allowances to be made to such special Constable or special Constables, For his or their Expences, Trouble* and Lois of Time in executing or endeavouring to execute such Warrant or Warrants, as to him or them fhalF seem reasonable and necessary; which Orders shall be afterwards laid before and submitted, on the Oath of such special Constable or Constables, to the Consideration of the Justices assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such County, City, Division, Riding or Place, as the Case may be

A.D. 180r. 41° GEORGII III. ( .)C. 78, 79.

and the Justices so assembled at such General Quarter Seffipnt may allow or disallow the Whole or any Part or Parts of such' Allowances so ordered by such Justices issuing such Warrant or Warrants, and shall and may thereupon then order and direct the Treasurer for such County, City, Division, Riding or Place, to pay such Sum or Sums of Money to such special Constable or Special Constables, % as to the said Justices so assembled shall £ecm reasonable and necessary; and such Treasurer shall, and he is hereby authorized and required forthwith to pay the Sum and Sums of Money so ordered and directed to be paid to the Person or Persons empowered to receive the same; and such Treasurer shall be allowed the same in his Accounts.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for any two Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions, to order and direct, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, such reasonable- and necessary Allowances to be made to any High Constable or High Constables for any County, City, Division, Riding, Hundred, or Place, within that Part of the United Kingdom called England, for any extraordinary Expences incurred by him or them in the Execution of their respective Duties, in any Case or Cases of Tumult, Riot, or Felony; and such Orders shall be laid before and submitted, on the Oath of such High Constable or Constables, to the Consideration of the Justices assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such County, City, Division, Riding or Place, as the same may be; and the Justices so assembled at such General Quarter Sessions may allow or disallow the Whole or any Part or Parts of such Allowance so ordered, and shall and may then order and direct the Treasurer for such County, City, Division, Riding, or Place, to pay such Sum or Sums of Money to such High Constable or High Constables as to the said Justices so assembled shall seem reasonable; and such Treasurer shall, and he is hereby authorized and required forthwith to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so ordered and directed to be paid, to the Person or Persons empowered to receive the same; and such Treasurer shall be allowed the same in his Accounts.

CAP. LXXIX.

r

An Act for the better Regulation of Publick Notaries in England.

[27th June 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, for the better Prevention of illiterate and inexperienced Persons' being

created to act as, or admitted to the Faculty of Publick Notaries, that, the said Faculty should be regulated in England be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand eight hundred and one, no Person in England shall be created to act as a Publick Notary, or uie and exercise the Office of a Notary, or do any Notarial Act, unless such Person shall have been duly sworn, admitted, and inrolled, in Manner herein after directed, in the Court wherein Notaries have been accustomarily sworn, admitted, and inrolled.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand eight hundred and one, no Person shall be sworn, admitted, and inrolled, ' as: a Publick Notary, unless such Person shall have been bound, by Contract in Writing or by Indenture of Apprenticeship, to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice, for and during the Space of not less than seven Years, to a Publick Notary, ora Person using the Art and Mystery of a Scrivener (according to the Privilege and Custom of the City of London, such Scrivener being also a Publick Notary), duly lwom, admitted, and inrolled, and that such Person, for and during the said Term of fev en Years, shall have continued in such Service; and also unless every such Person who shall, from and after the said first Day of August, be bound by Contract in Writing or Indenture of Apprenticeship, to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice to any Publick Notary or Scrivener, being also a Publick Notary, shall, within three Months next after the Date of every such Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship, cause an Affidavit to be made and duly sworn by one of the subscribing Witnesses, of the actual Execution of every such Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship by such Publick Notary, or Scrivener (being also a Publick Notary), and the Person so to be bound to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice as aforesaid; and in every such Affidavit shall be specified the Names of every such Publick Notary or Scrivener (being a Publick Notary), and of every such Person so bound, and their Places of Abode respectively, together with the Day of the Date of such Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship; and every such Affidavit shall be sworn and filed within the Time aforesaid* in the Court where the Publick Notary, to whom every such Person respectively shall be bound as aforesaid, shall hare been inrolled as a Notary, with the proper Officer or Officers, or his or their respective Deputy or Deputies, who shall make or sign a Memorandum of the Day of filing every such Affidavit on the Back or at th? Bottom of such Contract or Indenture.

III. And be it farther enacted, That no Person who shall, after the said first Day of August ^become bound as aforesaid, shall be admitted or intolled a Publick Notary in the Court of Faculties for admitting and inrolling Publick Notaries, before such Affidavit shall be produced and openly read in such Court, at the Time of such Person's Admission and Inrolment.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the following Persons shall be deemed and taken to be the proper Officers for taking and filing such Affidavits; (that is to say) the Mailer of the Faculties of his Grace the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury in London, his Surrogate or Commissioners.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Officer filing such Affidavits as aforesaid, shall keep a Book, wherein shall be entered the Substance of such Affidavit, specifying the Names and Places of Abode of every iiich Publick Notary, and Clerk or Person bound as aforesaid, and of the Person making such Affidavit, with the Date of the Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship in such Affidavit to be mentioned, and the Days of ^wearing and filing every such Affidavit respectively; and such Officer shall be at liberty to take, at the Time of

15s

which Order shall be submitted to Quarter Sessions.

Two Justices in' like Manner may order Allowances to be made to High Constabfei in England for extraordinary Expences incurred in the Execution of theii Duties in Cases of Riot or Felony, Sec.

No Person in England shall act as a Publick Notary, unless duly admitted.

No Person (halt be admitted a Notary unless he shall have served as an Apprentice to a Notary or Scrivener for seven Years; and if bound after Aug. r, 1801, unless Affidavit of the Execution of the Contract, Sco. be made and filed in the proper Court.

Such Affidavit shall be produced on the Admission of the party bound at a Notary.

Officers for taking and tiling Affidavits.

Officer filing Affidavits shall enter the Sub-iUnce iuaBook. Hu Fee, 5$,

Book may be searched for 15.

No Publick Notary shall have any Apprentice, but while he (Kill d^u^lly pra&ile. Apprentice shall ho actually employed seven Vear* in Utd Bulinest.

If any Matter dull die, or leave off Practice, or any Apprentice shall be legally discharged. Ice. Apprentice may serve the Red-due of seven Years with another Matter; and Affidavit of such Second Contrail shall be filed.

Before Admission Apprentices shall file Affida. vits that they have really Served (ieven Years.

Notaiy who flu!) ad or permit his Name to be*

used, for tho Profit of any Pci Ton nal entitled to ad at a Notary, shall be {truck off the Roll, on summa* ry Application to the Court of I Person acting at 0 Notary, for fcowafd, without being admitted, dull forfeit 50U

Proviso in favour of Persons bound on or before Jan.!, i3oi, for seven Years, So any Notary or Scrivener who have odually ferred seven Years, though net bound by Ota-trad, lie.

Persons applying for a Faculty to become No-

C. 79. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. »8oi.

filing every such Affidavit, the Sum of five Shillings, and no more, as a Recompence for his Trouble in filing such Affidavit; and which Book shall and may be searched, in Office Hours, by any Person or Persons whom* soever, upon Payment of one Shilling for such Search.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of August, no Publick Notary or Scrivener, being also a Publick Notary, shall take, have, or retain any Clerk or Apprentice who shall become bound as aforesaid, after such Publick Notary or Scrivener, being also a Publick Notary, shall have discontinued or left off, or during such Time as he shall not actually praHife or carry on the Business of a Publick Notary.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall, from and after the said first Day of Augustt become bound by Contract in Writing or Indenture of Apprenticeship to serve any Publick Notary as hereby directed, shall, during the whole Time and Term of Service to be specified in such ContraH or Indenture of Apprenticeship, or during the Time and Space of seven Years thereof at ieaft (if bound for a longer Term than seven Years) continue and be actually employed by such Publick Notary, or Scrivener, being also a Publick Notaiy, in the proper Bufi^qfs, Practice, or Employment of a Publick Notary.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Publick Notary or Scrivener, being aHo a Publick Notary', to or with whom any such Person shall be bound, shall happen to die before the Expiration of such Term, or shall discontinue or leave off such his PraHice as aforesaid; or if such Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship shall, by mutual Consent of the Parties, be cancelled; or in case such Clerk or Apprentice shall be legally discharged before the Expiration of such Term, and such Clerk or Apprentice shall, in any of the said Cases, be bound by another ContraH Or Contrails, Indenture or Indentures in Writing, to serve, and shall accordingly serve in Manner herein-before mentioned, as Clerk or Apprentice to any such Publick Notary or Scrivener^being also a Publick Notary) as aforesaid, during the Residue of the Grid Term of seven Yearly then such Service mail be deemed and taken to be as good, effectual, and available, as if such Clerk or Apprentice had continued to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice for the said Term of seven Years to the same Person to whom he was originally bound; so as an Affidavit be duly made and filed of the Execution of such Second or other Contrail or ContraHs, within the Time and in like Manner as is herein-before directed concerning such original Contrail.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Person who, from and after the said first Day of Aurujl % (halt become bound as Clerk or Apprentice as aforesaid, shall, before he be admitted and broiled a Publick Notaiy according to this Act, make before, and file with, the proper Officer herein-before for that Purpose mentioned* or gause the Publick Notaiy, to whom he was bound, to make and file an Affidavit that he hath actually and' really served and been employed by such praHifing Publick Notaiy, to whom he was bound as aforesaid, during the whole Term of seven Years, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

X. And be it farther enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of August, if any Publick Notary shall aH as such, or permit or suffer his Name to be in any Manner used for or on Account, or for the Profit ana Benefit, of any Person or Persons not entitled to aH as a Publick Notaiy, and Complaint shall be made b a luminary Way to the Court of Faculties whereb he hath been admitted and inrolled, upon Oath, to the Satis-faHion of the said Court, that such Notaiy hath offended thereb as aforesaid, then and b such Case every such Notaiy so offending shall be struck off the Roll of Faculties, and be for ever after dibbled from praHifing as a Publick Notary, or doing any Notarial AH, save and except as to any Allowance or Allowances, Sum or Sums of Money, that are or shall be agreed to be made or paid to the Widows or Children of any deceased Publick Notaiy or Notaries, by any surviving Partner or Partners of such deceased Notary or Notaries.

acuities.

XI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of August* in case any Person (halt* in his own Name or in the Name of any other Person, make, do, aH, exercise, or execute and perform, any AH* Matter, or Thing whatsoever, in anywise appertaining or belonging to the Office, FunHion, and PraHice of fe Publick Notaiy, for or in ExpeHation of any Gain, Fee, or Reward, without hebg admitted and broiled*, every such Person for every such Offence, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be filed for and recovered in Manner hereb-after mentioned.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thbg herein contained, shall not be taken or construed to exclude any Person from being fwora, admitted, and inrolled a Publick Notary, in the accustomable Court aforesaid, who hath, on or before the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, been bound by ContraH in Writing or Indenture of Apprenticeship, to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice to any Publick Notary or Scrivener, being also a Publick Notary, or any Pesrfon who shall have aHuafly served b the Capacity of Clerk or Apprentice to any Publick Notary or Scrivener, being also a Publick Notary, for the Term commencing before the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, for the Term of not left than seven Years, notwithstanding such Person shall not have been bound by ContraH in Writing or Indenture of Apprenticeship, or that such Term of seven Years shall not expire till after the said first Day of Augujl5 and provided that such Clerk or Apprentice shall, within six Months after the passing of this Act* enter into and become bound by ContraH in Writing or Indenture of Apprenticeship, to any such Publick Notary, and (Hall actually serve for the Remainder of the Term of seven Years: Provided always, That an Affidavit shall be previously made and filed, in Manner heran-before directed, of such aHual Service for any Term not /less than seven Years, to any such qualified Notary or Scrivener)and every such Person may, after she Expiration of such Term of seven Years, and Affidavit of such Service having been previously made and filed as before directed, be fwora, admitted, and inrolled to be a Publick Notary, in the same Manner as Persons to be admitted, sworn, and broiled Publick Notaries, are hereby required to be fwora, admitted, and inrolled respectively; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstandbg.

XIII. 'And whereas the incorporated Company of Scriveners of London, by virtue of its Charter, batik Jurisdiction over its Members being resident within the City of London, the Liberties of Westminster, the Borough

A.D. 1801.

41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) €.79, 80; 157

of Southwark or within the Circuit of three Mike of the said City, and hath Power to make good and wholelorac Laws and Regulations for the Government and CoRtroul of such Members, and the said

Company of Scriveners practising within the aforesaid Limits, and it is therefore expedient that all Notaries resident within the Limits of the said Chart erv should come into and be under the Jurisdiction of the said

Company be it therefore enacted, That all Persons who may hereafter apply for a Faculty to become a Publick Notary, and practise within the City of London» and the Liberties thereof, or within the Circuit of three Miles of the same City, shall come into and become Members, and take their Freedom of the said Company of Scriveners, according to the Rules and Ordinances of the said Company, on Payment of such and the like Fine and Fees as are usually paid and payable upon the Admission of Persons to the Freedom of the said Company, and shall, previous to the obtaining such Faculty, be admitted to the Freedom of the said Company, and obtain a Certificate of such Freedom, duly signed by the Clerk of the same Company for the Time being, which Certificate shall be produced to the Mailer of Faculties, and filed in his Office prior to or at the Time of ifiiiing any Faculty to such Person to enable him to practise within the Jurisdiction of the said Company.

XIV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Proctor in any Ecclesiastical Court in England; nor to any Secretary or Secretaries to any Bishop or Bishops, merely pradiling as such Secretary or Secretaries; or to any other Person or Perfima necessarily created a Notary Publick for the Purpose of holding or exercising any Office or Appoint-mest, or occasionally performing any publick Duty or Service under Government, and .not as general Practitioner or Practitioners; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, Tint nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to exempt any Proctor, being also a Publick Notary, from the Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, by this Act imposed upon any Publick Notary, who matt permit or suffer his Name to be, in any Manner, used for, or on Account, or for the Profit and Benefit, of any Person or Persons, not entitled to act as a Publick Notary.

XV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be confirmed to extend, to prevent any Person who, on or before the passing of this Act, shall have been admitted as a Publick Notary, from acting as a Publick Notary, or uling or exercising the Office of a Notary' in any Manner, or doing any Notarial Acts whatever.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Forfeitures and Penalties imposed on any Person or Persons, for Offences committed against this Act, shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his Mmc&y's Courts of Record at WefimmfUr % by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Eftjm, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed, and wherein the Plaintiff, if he or she shall recover any Penalty or Penalties, shall recover the same for his or her own life, with fall Cods of Suit.

[Publick Act.]

M Limitation of Actions against Persons for Matters done in Pursuance of this Act; three Months. General 44 IfToc. Treble Costs. $17." 44 j 18."

Uries within tbs

Jurisdiction of the Company of

Scriveners in London, shall previously laks ihcir Freedom of the Company.

Act shall not extend to Procters, Secretaries to Bishops, &c.

Except to Proctors being Notaries; in certain Cases.

Nor to prevent Persons already ad rail led as No-tabes, from a&a ing as such. Recovery 2nd Application of Penalties.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to indehmify all Persons who have printed, published, or dispersed, or who shall publish or disperse any Papers printed under the Authority of any Head Officer of State, or of Publick Boards, or other Publick Authorities, from all Penalties incurred by Reason of the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer of such Papers not being printed thereon.

[27th June 1801.]

WHEREAS in an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Societies eJlabBJbed for seditious and treasonalie Purposes: 39 G.> c 7*

and for the better preventing treasonalie and seditious Practices; certain Provisions are contained to rellrain the printing or publishing of any Papers or Books whatsoever, which should be meant or intended

to be published or dispersed without the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer thereof being

printed thereon, with a certain Penalty on the Person printing, publishing, or dispersiag, or assisting in

pobWhing or dispersing the fame, contrary to the said Act; And whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-

ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to indemnify all Person* 39 k 40-

vobo have printed, pubhjbed^ or difyerfedy or nvbo shall pubttjh or disperse any Papers printed under the Authority c. 95.

of the Commissioner* or Head Ojjerrs cf any Publick Boards, from all Penalties incurred by Reason of the

Nance and Place of Abode of the Printer of such Papers not being printed t hereon y the Printers and Publishers of certain Papers prated by Order or under the Authority of certain Publick Office and Boards therein mentioned, without the Name of the Printer thereon, were discharged and exempted from all Penalties incurred

before the passing of the said last mentioned Act; and it is expedient to extend the Provisions of the said Act,

and also to indemnify Persons tnnfading the Business of other Publick Offices Be it therefore enacted by the Ring's 00ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person who Pcc&at nbo shall, before the pailing of this Act, have printed any Paper whatsoever, by Order or under the Authority of have printed asp amy Head Officer or Officers, of any of the principal Offices of State, or of any Office or Board relating to any Papers under the TWanrh of the Revenue, or to the Army, Navy, Marines, Artillery, or Ordnance, in the Discharec of the Duties of any such Office, or by Order, or under the Authority of any Officer or Person whatsoever an- of ployed by his Majesty, or under his Authority, in Discharge of aay publick Duty or Employment, or shall cipal Offices of nave pobbshed or ffifperfed, or affiiled in publishing or dispersing, or shall hereafter disperse, or assist in dif- Scxtr, or of any perfieg, any Paper whatsoever that shall have been printed before the passing of this Act, by such Order or °ar<*Rev*- under such Authority as aforesaid, shall be and is hereby declared to be sinced and discharged of and from all m'vtdonaL*

a Suits, y

158 C. 8o, 8l.

41'. GEORGII III. ( A.D. 1801.

Suit*, Information*, Prosecutioni, Judgment*, Fine*, and Penalties whatsoever, commenced, prosecuted, adjudged, or incurred, or which may be commenced, prosecuted, adjudged, or incurred, for or by Reason of any Offence alledged to have been committed against the said first recited Act, by Occasion of such printing, publishing, or dilperfing, or of assisting in publishing or dispersing any such Paper as aforesaid, as fully, freely, and effectually, as if the same had been printed according to the rrovisions of the said Act.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

[27th June 1801.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, having taken into our most serious Consideration your Majesty's most Gracious MefTage, signifying your Majesty's Desire to be enabled to defray such extraordinary Expences (in Addition to those which will be incurred in fulfilling the specifick Engagements which your Majesty has directed to be laid before Parliament), and to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sum of two Millions for that Purpose; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King's most Excellent Majesty, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, to authorize and empower the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, at any Time or Times before the fifth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and two, to cause or direct any Loans to be taken or received at his Majesty's Exchequer from any rerson or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out there, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in Loan* and Exchequer Bills together in the Whole, the said Sum of two Millions, in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as in and by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder9 and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred and one, are enabled and prescribed concerning* the Loans or Exchequer Bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the said Act: Provided always, That every such Exchequer Bill shall and may be signed by the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, or in his Name by any Person duly authorized by the said Auditor to sign the fame, with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, in Writing under their Hands, or of any three or more df them.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in the said last mentioned Act, relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorized to be made by the same Act, (except such Clauses as do charge the same on the Duties granted by the same Act, and except such Clauses as limit the Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of the said Act), shall be applied and extended to the Loans and Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Loans or Exchequer Bills had been originally authorized by the said last mentioned AC1, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisions had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all such Loans or Exchequer Bills, together with the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges, incident to or attending the fame, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or borne by or out of the first Aids or Supplies which shall be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and in case sufficient Aids or Supplies for that Puroofe shall not be granted before the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and two, then all the said Loans or Exchequer Bills, with the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges, incident to, or attending the fame, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Monies as at any Time or Times, at or after the said fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and two, shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, (except such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging, such Loans or Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whatever Monies shall be so issued out of the said Consolidated. Fund, shall from Time to Time be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

(kali be replaced out of the full Supplies,

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful, in the Case of actual Invasion of his Majesty's Kingdoms, for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to advance for the publick Service any Sum or Sums of Money authorized to be raised by this Act, over and above and exclusive of any Sum which they are authorized to advance by any Act of the present Session of Parliament.

His Majesty may empower the Treasury to cause Loans to be received or Exchequer Bills to be made out for 2, oooo, ooool. any Time before Jan. 5. 1802, agreeable to Malt Act, 41 G. 3. (G.B.) c. 7.

Exchequer Bills shall be signed by the Auditor.

Powers of the said Malt Act 41 G. 3. extended to this Act, except as herein excepted.

The said Loans or Exchequer Bills charged on the first Aids granted next Session, and if none granted before July 5, iSp2, then charged on the CoifTolidated Fund.

Monies issued from the Con-folidsted Fund

Bank of England, in Case of Invasion, may advance Money under this Act.

A.D. 1801.

41° GEORGII III. (1 U.K.) €.82, 83, 84. 159

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act for raising the Sum of six Millions five hundred thousand Pounds by Loanr or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one.

[27th June 1801.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies, which we have

chearfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be

enacted 5' and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, now, or for the Time being, &c.

gt Commissioners of the Treasury empowered to raise 6, 500*0001. by Loans and Exchequer Bills before Jcr* nuary 5, 180a, in like Manner as is prescribed by the Malt Act, 41 G. 3. (G.B.) c. 7. Such Exchequer Bills shall be signed by the Auditor, &c. — f 1." " Certain Clauses, &c. in the Malt Act ^elating to Loans

04 or Exchequer Bills, extended to this Act, f 2."

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Exchequer Bill or Bills to be made out by virtue of this Act, shall, after the same hath or have been issued at the Exchequer, be afterwards, at any Time before the fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and two, received or taken, or pass or be current, to any Receiver or Collector in Great Britain, of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid, or Tax whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, or at the Receipt of the Exchequer, from any inch Receiver or Collector, or from any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, otherwise or on any other Account than for the Discharge and cancelling of such Bills, in case the lame shall be in due Course or Order of Payment before the said fifth Day of Aprd one thousand eight hundred and two; nor shall any such Receiver or Collector exchange at any Time before the said fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and two for any Money of such Revenues, Aids, Taxes, or Supplies, m his Hands, any Exchequer Bill or Bills which shall have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this Act; nor shall any Action be maintained against any such Receiver or Collector for neglecting or refusing to exchange any such Bill or Bills for ready Money before the said fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and two; any Thing in the said Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malty Mumy Cyder, and Perrjy for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred and oney or this Act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all such Loans or Exchequer Bills, together with the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges, incident to or attending the fame, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid by and out of the first Supplies to be granted in the next Session of Parliament $ any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it declared and further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to advance or lend to his Majesty in like Manner, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit or Loan granted by this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of six Millions five hundred thousand Pounds. 44 notwithstanding the Act 5 & 6 Gul. Mar'us, c. 20. 44 or 38 G. 3. c. 1."

Exchequer Biff* so issued shall not be received again in Payment of any Taxes;

nor exchanged before April 5, 1802.

Action shall not lie for Refusal to exchange.

Principal and.Inlereff, with Charges, shall be repaid out of the first Supplies of next Session. Bank of England authorized to advance Mo- iiey on the Credit of this Act.

CAP. LXXXItt.

An Act for raising the Sum of three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one.

[27th June 180 i.J

[/* all RespeQsy except the Sumy the same as Cap. 82 .*3

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland \ for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred and one > and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Scflioir of Parliament.

[27th June 1801.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies for Great Britaint

which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this- Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and

grant unto your Majesty the Sum herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbTy beseech your Majesty

that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by

3, iootooool.owt

of the Coufoli-dated Fund, may be applied towards the Supply for iftoi.

The said Sum may be raised by Loam or Exchequer Bills.

Subscribers fluH have Tallies of L*anltruck. and Orders for Repayment with Interest, which shall be registered and paid m CourCe.

K« Fee for re-gtferwg, kc.

Penalties for un-Ate Preference.

Not endue Preference, which of Tallies brought the same Day are entered first; nor if subsequent Orders are paid before others not demanded in Course.

Orders arguable.

by the Authority of the same, That, by or out of such Monies as shall from Time to Time be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Great Britain of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, after paying, or rc-serving sufficient to pay, all such Sum or Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Act of Parliament to be paid out of the same, there shall and may be issued and applied, for and towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Yearooe thousand eight hundred and one, a Sum not {acceding three Millions one hundred thousand Pounds; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time Being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer, for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

II. And it is hereby also enacted, That in case the said Commissionerg of his Majesty's Treasury, now of for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall think it adviseable to raise the said Sum of three Millions one hundred thoustuid Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills m Manner herein after mentioned, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politick or Corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the said Sum of three Millions one hundred thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the said Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, and to have and receive Interest for the Forbearance of the Money lent, so as such Loans he allowed to be made by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more or them now or for the Time being, or the High Tcea-furer for the Time being, wno are or is hereby authorized to issue his or their Warrants for that surpose, as such Loans shall be wanted for the Publick Service; and moreover, that no Money to be lent upon the Security of this Act shall he rated or assessed to any Tax or Assessment whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall lend any Money upon the Credit of this Act as aforesaid, and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall immediately have a Tally of Loan (truck for the fame, and an Order for his, her, or their Repayment, bearing the tame Date with his, her, or their Tally, in or upon which Order shall be also contained a Warrant for Payment of Interest for the Forbearance thereof, and to De paid every three Months until the Re-payment of the Principal; and all such Orders for Re-payment of Money so to be lent shall be registered in Course, according to the Dates respectively; and that all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in Course, according as their Orders shall Hand registered in the said Register Books, so as the Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, who shall have his, her, or their Order or Orders first entered in the said Books of Register, shall be taken and accounted to be the first Person or Persons to be paid out of the said Surplus; and he, she, or they, who shall have his, her, or their Order or Orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid, and so successively and in Course; and that the Monies to come in, of, or for the said Surplus of the Consolidated Fund as aforesaid, shall be in the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, their Executors* Administrators, Successors, or Assigns respectively, without any undue Preference of one before another, and not otherwise, and (Hal not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, other than such Uses and Purposes as are appointed by any other Act or Acts of Parliament m that Behalf as afbne-said; and that no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, directly or indirectly, shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects, for providing or making of any such Books or Registers, or any Entries, Views, or Searches in or for Payment of Money lent, or the Interest thereof as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on Pain of Payment of Treble Damages to the Party grieved by the Party offending, with foil Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such Fee or Reward* then to lose his Place also; and if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made, either in point of Registry dr Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, by any such Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable by Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt with foil Costs of Suit to the Party grieved, and shall be forejudged of his Pfcice or Office; and if any such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without the Direction or Privity of his Marcer, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, and shall be for ever after incapable of his Office or Place; and in case the Auditor of the Receipt shall not direct the said Orders of Loan, or the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Teller, moke Payment upon such Orders, according to each Person1* dae Place and Order as before directed, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies and Clerks therein offending, to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, in such Manner as aforesaid; all which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and Costs, to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint* or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at lYejbunfiery wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, shall be in anywise granted or allowed.

IV. Provided always, and it is declared, That if it shall happen that several Tallies of Loan or Orders for Payment as aforesaid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be registered* then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference which of those be entered first, so as he enters than all the faxrve Day: Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference to incur any Penalty in point of Payment, if the Auditor directs, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pay, subsequent Orders to Persons that come and demand their Monies, and bring their Orders before other Persons that did not come and take their Monies, and bring their Orders in Course, so as there be so much Money reserved as will fatiefy precedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for them, Interest upon Loan being Ufr cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Money shall be due for Loans to be registered by virtue of this Act, after Order entered in the Book of Register aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by proper Words of Assignment, to be mdorsed and written

A.D. 1801.

+i* GEORGII III. (U.K.) C. 84. 161

upon his, her, or their Order, may assign arid transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, and Benefit of such Order, to any other; which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Register aforesaid for Orders (which the Officers shall, upon Requefr, without Fee or Charge, accordingly make) shall entitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Execu-tort, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon, and such Assignee mar in like Manner assign again, and so toties quo ties; and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who hath or nave made such Assignment, to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or any Monica thereby due, or any Part thereof.

VI. And to the End there may be no Want or Failure of a certain Sum, not to exceed in the Whole the Trcjrfury may said Sum of three Millions one hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised either by such Loans as aforesaid, or by prepare any, issuing Exchequer Bills as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of those Ways or Means, for the publick Service, be it further enacted, That in case the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, t>r any three not exceeding^ or more of them, now or for the Time being, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall judge it roort aforesaid Sum4 advifrable to raise the said Sum of three Millions one hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Ex- prescribed by the chequer Bills, indead of such Loans as aforesaid, that then he or they respectively is or are hereby authorized

norm powered, at any Time or Times, to prepare or make, or cause to he prepared or made at the Exche-'4

Suer, any Number of new Exchequer Bills, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the ud Sum of three Millions one hundred thousand rounds, together with such Loans aforesaid, in the same or like Manner, Form, or Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as in and by a certain Aft of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry9 for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred and one, are enabled and prefenbed concerning the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of the said Act: Provided always, That every such Exchequer Bill shall and may be signed by the Auditor of, the Receipt of his Majesty Exchequer, or in his Name by any Person duly authorized by the said Auditor to sign the fame, with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, in Writing under their Hands, or of any three or more of them.

u Certain Clauses of said Malt Act extended to this Act. §7."

VIII. And be it enacted, That all the Exchequer Bills which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and Exchequer Bifis the Intereil, Premium, Rate, and Charges incident to or attending the fame, shall be, and are hereby charged 1

and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and borne by and out of the growing Produce of the said Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, (except such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund as are appropriated to any particular U Ufa or Uses by any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund shall and may be issued and applied as soon as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained for and towards the paying off, cancelling, and discharging such Exchequer BUls, Intered, Premium,

Rate, or Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

Book of England authorized to advance Money on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding Statutes; and 6 Gwl. and Mar. c. 20. or 38 G. 3. c. 1. — $ 9."

X. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies arising by virtue of an Act made in the thirty-ninth 4, 000, 00c t Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting certain Duties upon Income, there shall and may be of the Du tic? issued and applied at the said Receipt of his Ma^edy's Exchequer, for and towards making good the said Supply, UP" IrC(^e5 the Sum of four Millions over and above the Sums necessary to discharge the Intered of any Loans which have 39

\>em charged on the said Duties by any Act or Acts of Parliament; and the Commissioners of his Maiedy's Treasury nos* or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, arc or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

and i, 200, ooool out of the Convoy Duties granted by 38 G. 3. c. 76. §11 €i and 433*333* 6* 8^.

remaining of the Grants for the Emperor of Germany. $ 12 44 and 65, 671b 48. remaining of the Grants

for the Eieftor of Bavaria. j 13 44 and 65*8371. 198. 7d. 2 qrs. Surplus of Grants for 1800. §14 5"

and 50, 009l. out of the Intered of Land Tax, contrafted for. §15 44 and 4, 080b ns. 6d. 3 q. refened

44 in the Exchequer for particular Services. §16 5" 44 and 8, 280b 169. ud. 3 q. remaining of Contributions

to Lotteries 5 may be applied towards the Supply. §17."

XVIII. 4 And whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth Year of the Reign of Infh Act your present Majesty, intituled, An Act for fee wring the Payment of the Annuities, and of the Interest and Charges 4°

mpon the principal Sums therein provided for and towards Discharge of such principal Sums in ft/rh Manner as therein rCtil0^- is deeded; and for enabling the Officers of his Majesty's Treasury to receive certain Sums for a limited Time in Alan- mrr therein mentioned; and for granting unto his Majesty a certairi Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and f9* mPfbSum of Money therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred, and for oiler Purposuy the feveiral Sums of Money th-.rein mentioned were granted to your Majesty for the Service of one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred, to the twenty-fifth Day of*March one thousand eight hundred and one, and appropriated to the several Purposes therein mentioned:

Now we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to be provided on the Part of Ireland for the Service of the United Kingdom, have resolved, that 10 much of the said Sums as shall ex- coed the Proportion thereof, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred, to the fird Day

41 Geo. III. (U.K.) Y

4 of January one thousand eight hundred and one, should be applied towards making good the said Supply, and therefore do moll hpmbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted, That such Part of the Aids or Supplies granted by the Parliament of Ireland for the Service of the Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred, to the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, and appropriated as aforesaid, as shall exceed the Proportion of the said Aids or Supplies from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred, to the first Day of January one thousand eight hun-1, 566, 4611. rot. ^ed and one, amounting to the Sum of one Million five hundred sixty-six thousand four hundred sixty-one 9<1. -1 q. Sterfmji poun(l8 ten Shillings and Ninepence Farthing Sterling, being one Million six hundred and ninety-seven thousand pB« granted'by Pounds Irish Currency, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, for the Service fecitrd Atf, of the Year one thousand eight hundred and one.

Hull be canied to the Consolidated Fund of Ireland for 1801.

The Treasury in liehutd, whhthe Approbation of the Lo> d Lieutc-fiant, may ella-blish Lotteriei there, which shall be conduced as mentioned in certain Act< of tiic Parliament of Ireland, unless othenvif* provided for.

f irtjh Acts a 1 Sc ix G. 3.

c. 2.

J3 G. 3. c. 18. 33 G. 3. c. 37. JS G. 3. c. 3S.J

20, 000?. Sterling Profip of furhLottery shall be carried lo the Irirfh Consolidated Fund, aitalfo all Monies coming into the Exchequer of Ireland, under c. of tins Seffiepw

4, 186, 461b 10s. 9^d. Sterling out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland shall be issued and applied as hereffier ejfjreflTvd.'

XIX. 4 And whereas, towards raising the said Supply, it may be necessary to establish one or more Lottery or potteries in Ireland be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or for the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the Time being, with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, for that Purpose to establish one or more Lottery or Lotteries upon such Scheme or Schemes of Prizes, to be paid in ready Money, and at such Time or Times, and with all such Regulations, Powers, and Provisions necessary to carry the same into Execution, as shall be appointed and directed by the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the said Lord High Treasurer for the Time being; and that such Lottery or Lotteries so to be established shall be conduced and carried on with such Powers and Authorities, and under and subject to such Regulations and Directions, and with such Form of Books, Mode of Drawing, Provisions as to Tickets delivered, or not subscribed for, Rewards to Managers and other Officers, Discount for Subscriptions advanced, and such Forfeitures for Omission6 to pay or complete Subscriptions to such Lottery or Lotteries, within such. Time of Times as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or by the said Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, and under and subject to such Powers to pay incident Expences necessary to be incurred in the Execution of such Lottery or Lotteries, and such other Powers and Authorities, Provisions, and Restrictions, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Remedies as are severally mentioned in an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the twenty-first and twer.ty-second Years of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting unto his Majesty the several Duties, Hates, Impo-Jitions, and Taxes therein particularly expressed, to be applied to the Payment of the Interest of the Sums therein provided for, and towards Discharge of the said principal Sums, in such Manner as therein is dereded; and for such other Purposes as are therein mentioned', and in one other Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent Insurance of Lottery Tickets', to regulate the drawing of Lotteries; and to amend the Laws respecting the fame; and also in one other Act passed in the Parliament 01 Ireland in the same Year, intituled, An Act for continuing and amending the several Laws relating to his Majesty's Revenue; and for more effectually preventing Frauds therein; and in one other Act passed h* the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws for the Regulation of Lottery Offices; and for preventing the Insurance of Lottery Tickets', unless the same shall be other* wile proyi<fed for in this Session of Parliament, or shall be enacted by a*y Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame, and every of them* Vrere herein particularly set forth and enacted with respect to such Lottery or Lotteries to be established; and jhat the Amount of the Prizes of the Lotteries drawn in Ireland, in the Year one thousand eight hundred* shall be paid out of the Monies which shall arise by Contributions to the said Lottery or Lotteries hereby authorized to be established.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Monies eoming into the Exchequer in Ireland, amounting to the Sum of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds Sterling, being one hundred and thirty thousand Pounds Irish Currency, by Profits on Tickets in any Lottery to be established in pursuance of this Act shall be carried to an4 made Part of the Confolditated Fund of Ireland*

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies coming into the Exchequer of Ireland, in pursuance of an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum of twenty-eight Millions by Way of Annuities, shall also be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland; and that after paying and referring sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or by any Act or Acts passed in this Session of Parliament, to be paid out of the same, (which Sum and' Sums the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Ireland, for the Time being, is and are hereby authorized to issue and pay out of the said Consolidated Fynd), there shall and may* be issued and applied for and towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred and one, a Sum not exceeding four Millions one hundred eighty-six thousand four hundred sixty-one Pounds ten Shillings and Ninepence Farthing Sterling, being four Millions five hundred thirty-five thousand three hundred thirty-three Pounds six Shillings and Eightpenqe Irish Currency; and the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the mid Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized to issue and apply the same accordingly; and the said Sum of four Millions one hundred eighty-six thousand four hundred nxty-one Pounds ten Shillings and Ninepence Farthing Sterling, being four Millions five hundred thirty-five thousand three hundred thirty-three Pounds fix Sellings and Eightpence Injh Currency, shall be and the same is hereby appropriated and shall be issued and applied for and towards the several Uses hereafterexpressed.

XXII. Por-

A.D. 1801. 4i» GEORGII III. (U. K)

C. 84.' 163

XXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That so much of the Monies coming into the Exchequer of Great Britain by Contributions for Annuities granted by one Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum of twenty-right Millions by Way of Annuities, as shall remain after the Lords Commissionenfi of his Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain shall (according to the Directions of the said Act) have remitted to the Exchequer of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, any Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of two Millions five hundred thousand Pounds; and also all the Monies coming into the said Exchequer by Contributions for a Lottery granted by one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting a certain Sum of Money for the Service of Great Britain, to be roofed by a Lottery; and also the said Sum of four Millions out of the Monies arising by virtue of an Act made in the thirty-ninth .Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting certain Duties upon Income, over and above the Sums necessary to discharge the Interest of any Loans which have been charged on the said Duties by any Act or Acts of Parliament; and also the said Sum of one Million two hundred thousand Pounds out of the Monies arising by virtue of an Act made in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting certain Duties on Goods imported and exported, and on Tonnage of Ships and Vessels; and also the said Sum of four hundred thirty-three thousand three hundred thirty-three Pounds six Shillings and Eightpence, remaining in the Exchequer of the Sum granted by Parliament in the Year one thousand eight hundred, for enabling his Majesty to fulfil the Engagements which his Majesty had entered into with the Emperor of Germany; and also the said Sum of sixty-five thousand six hundred seventy-one Pounds and four Shillings, remaining in the Exchequer of the Sum granted by Parliament in the Year one thousand eight hundred, for the Charge of the Troops of the Eleflor of Bavaria; and also the said Sum of sixty-five thousand eight hundred thirty-seven Pounds nineteen Shillings and Sevenpence Halfpenny, being the Surplus oi the Grants for the Year one thousand eight hundred; and also the said Sum of fifty thousand Pounds out of the Monies that shall arise from the Interest of Land Tax, contrafted for and payable by Instalments; and also the said Sum of four thousand and eighty Pounds eleven Shillings and Sixpence three farthings, reserved in the Exchequer for particular Services since the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven; and aHo the said Sum of eight thousand two hundred and eighty Pounds sixteen Shillings and Elevenpence three Farthings, remaining in the Exchequer, of Contributions to Lotteries granted prior to the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and also the Sum of two Millions granted by one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of two Millions for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and also the Sum of six Millions hve hundred thousand Pounds, granted by one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum offix Millions five hundred thousand Pounds by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one; and also the Sum of three Millions, granted by one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum of three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service 0/'Great Britain, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one; and also the said Sum of three Millions one hundred thousand Pounds, by this Act granted out of the Monies that shall arise of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied for and towards the several Uses and Purposes hereafter expressed.

of I-and T.ix contr.i6led for; [See §15; ] the said, oSol. 115. 6jd. reserved in the Exchequer for particular Services; [Sir § fhr fair! 8, 280l. 16s. 11 Jd. remaining of Contribution* to Lotteries; [See $ 17, N* pnj} §46; ] 2, 000, 000b granted l*v c. 81; 6, 500, 0001. $, 000, 0001. r 1 anted by c. 85; and the said j, ioo, ooool. out of the Consolidated Fund, [Sec $ 1; ] shall be applied as follows

XXIII. And it is hereby also enabled, That out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twelve Millions four hundred twenty-two thousand and thirty-leven Pounds and Twopence, for or towards the Naval Services herein after more particularly expressed; (that is to say), any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two Millions four hundred ninety-seven thousand five hundred Pounds for Wages of one hundred and thirty-five thousand Men, including thirty thousand Marines, for ten Lunar Months, commencing the twenty-sixth Day of March one thousand eight hundred most one, at the Rate of one Pound seventeen Shillings per Man per Month; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two Millions five hundred and sixty-five thousand Pounds, for Victuals for the said one hundred and thirty-five thousand Men, for ten Lunar Months, commencing the twenty-sixth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, at the Rate of one Pound eighteen Shillings per Man per Month; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three hundred thirty-iVven thousand five hundred Pounds, for Ordnance for Sea Service on board the Ships in which the said one hundred and thirty-five thousand Men are to serve for ten Lunar Months, commencing the twenty-sixth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, at the Rate of five Shilling* per Man per Month; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four Millions and fifty thousand Pounds, for the Wear and Tear of the Ships in which the said one hundred and thirty-five thousand Men are to fierve, 'for ten Lunar Months, commencing the twenty-sixth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, at the Rate of three Pounds per Man per Month; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding six hundred thii ty-frren thousand four hundred eighteen Pounds five Shillings and Eightper.ce, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for ten Lunar Months, commencing the twenty-sixth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding seven hundred thirty-three thousand nine hundred Pounds, towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in his Majesty's and the Merchants* Yards, and other extra Works over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for ten Lunar Months, commencing the twenty-sixth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one Million four hundred forty-five thousand seven hundred eighteen Pounds fourteen Shillings and Sixpence, for the Exptuce of the Transport Service, and for the Maintenance of Prisoners of War in Health at Home and Abroad, for ten Lunar Months, commencing the twenty-sixth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or

\ 2 Sums

Contribution*

for Annuities granted by c. cT this Scliion, remaining after Remittance to Ireland of the Sum directed by that A6\ 1 Monies raised by the Lottery under c. 27. of this Sessioo;

The said

-4, oooo, oocl. out of the Duties upon Income,

(he said

1, 2 00, cod. out of the Duties granted by 3# G. 3. c. 76.

[S r iI i i] the said

433.33jb6s.8d.

remaining of the Gi ants for the Emperor of Gn many;

[See §12; ] the said65, 671l. 4s. remaining of the giants for the Eleilor of Bavai 1a;

the said 65, 837l. 195. 7^d. Surplus o! Grants for 1800;

[W§ 14 j] the said co, ooool. out of the inte-16. Xpost §46; ] granted by c. 82.]

12, 422, 057b

os. for Naval Sei vices, via.

2, 497, 500b for W ages of3 ', 000 Men, including

50.000 Marines

2. : 65, 000b for heir Victualling; at the R.uc of il. 18s. per Man per Month;

5 t; ol. for Ouinnuce for Sia Scivire. at |' r Man per Mouth;

4.0 : c. 000b for

and Tear M Mbps, at p« 1 Man per Month;

0: 7, 41*!. foi the Ordmai y of the N.iv\, 111-1 hiding lL.ii-p.-n

-,; .o-rd. fr.r Buddings and of Ship?, Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred and fifty-five thousand Pounds, for the Cane and Maintenance of sick and extra Prisoners of War, for tea Lunar Months, commencing the twenty-sixth Day of March one thousand eight hun-

Wurks; dred and one.

1, 445, 71 SI. 14s.

d. for Tiunsport Scrtice, and Prisoners of War in Health; 155, 000l. for sick. Piifonen of War; [all for 10 Lunar Months, commenting March 26, i8or.]

i, crt3, 575l. 17s*

XXIV. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and 7d. for Ord- may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one Million eighty-three thousand three nance for Land hundred seventy-five Pounds seventeen Shillings and Sevenpencer for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for April 1, r Land Service, for nine Months, " from the first Day of April to the thirty-first Day of December one thousand eight Dec. 3/, 1801; hundred and one; and any Sura or Sums of Money not exceeding thirty-nine thousand nine hundred seventy-two and Pounds and fifteen Shillings, for defraying^ the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for

39, 4*12l. 15s. for l, and Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and G( c?not ^mvid- any Sum or Sums Money not exceeding fifty-eight thousand seven hundred and six Pounds fourteen Shillings, eri for^liv fTiVu- for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not pro-luent in 1799; vided for by Parliament in the Year one thousand eight hundred; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding and two hundred ninety-nine thousand nine hundred and seven Pounds nine Shillings and Fivepence Sterling, for

5^, 706l.4*. ior Ordnance Services in Ireland, from the fifth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, to the fifth provided foHn F)ay January one thousand eight hundred and two. l^OO; 299, 907l. 9?. 5d. for Ordnance in Ireland, from Jan. 5, 1801, to Jan 5, 1802 j

XXV. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and mayj be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two Millions, to enable his Majesty to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

XXVI. And it is hereby also enabled, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three hundred thousand Pounds, to enable his Majesty to afford such Aifiitance to the-Queen of Portugal, as may enable her Majesty to take such Measura for the Defence of her Dominions against her Enemies, as the Exigencies of Affairs may appear to require.

XXVII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirteen Millions nine hundred and ten thousand four hundred sixty-six Pounds and six Shillings, for and towards maintaining his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services herein after more particularly expressed; (that is to say, ) any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one Million six hundred fifty-three thousand eight hundred seventy-eight Pounds six Shillings and Fivepence, for defraying the Charge of fifty-eight thousand three hundred and eighty-seven effective Men, for Guards, Gar-rifons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, and in Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, including the Charge of the Pay of Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, with the additional Allowances to Subalterns, et cetera, the

qey, from Charge of Cloathing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of

March 25, to Allowances to be made to Captains and Riding Mailers, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight 1801* hundred and one, to the twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inolufive, being two hundred and seventy-576 12s. ^VC*aRd any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding five hundred seventy-six thousand five hundred

'd. Sterling, for ninety-three Pounds twelve Shillings and Sevenpence Sterling, for defraying the Charge of seventeen thousand 17, 232 eflWtive two hundred and thirty-two effective Men of his Majesty's Land Forces, to be maintained in that Part of the Men in Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, from the lirll Day of January one thousand eight Drc* 180!° hundred and one, to the twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive, being three hundred and fifty-144^7 7l.°os. Days; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one Million seven hundred twenty-four thousand three

4d. for Force* in hundred seventy-seven Pounds and Fourpence, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, including the Plantation*, tnofe serving at Gibraltar, at Minorca, and other Stations in the Mediterranean, and at the Cape of Good Hope, and

&r. from March a Regiment of Foot in New South Wales, including the Charge of the Pay of the Commissioned Officers, Non-

&it>.DeC-14' commissioned Officers, and Private Men, with the additional Allowance to Subalterns, et cetera, the Charge of 38 0031 of 2d Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allow-for Parties in ances to be made to Captains and Riding Matters, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hun-

Grem Britain, dred and one, to the twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive, being two hundred and seventy-five

recruiting for Days; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirty-eight thousand and three Pounds nine Shillings and

E^Ind^frorrT ^'; V0 Pence> for defraying the Charge of four Troops of Dragoons and seventeen Companies of Foot, stationed in

25 Dec. r*T Great Britain for the Purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in East India, from the twenty-fifth Day of ta*4 Dec. 1801; December one thousand eight hundred, to the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand eight hundred and one, 352, 500l. for re- both inclusive, being three hundred and sixty-five Days; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three coming and hundred fifty-two thousand five hundred Pounds, upon Account for the Charge of Recruiting, and Contingencies

Contingencies, foj- his Majesty's Land Forces, and for the Charge of extra Forage for the Cavalry as well in Barracks as in

T efcrCvl Quarters, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, from the twen-

m Great Britain ty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, to the twenty-fourth Day of December following, both

from March 25, inclusive, being twp hundred and seventy-five Days; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three huu-to Dec. 24, dred nineteen thousand seven hundred forty-eight rounds thirteen Shillings and Fivepence Sterling, upon Account»for the Charge of Recruiting, and Contingencies for his Majesty's Land Forces, and for the Charge of extra

ed^ftrUn135, Forage for the Cavalry in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, from the

ditu in'ligand Day January one thousand eight hundred and one, to the twenty-fourth Day of December following, both,

from Tan. 1, to* inclusive, being three hundred and fifty-eight Days; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding eighty-six Div 24* x3oi f thousand five hundred twenty-two Pounds six Shillings and Eightpence, for defraying the Charge of General an<i

StaJL

2, oooo, o&ol. for Exigencies;

300, 000). for the Queen of Portugal.

*3, 910, 466l.6s. for bond Service, vir.

1, 651, 87?!. 6».

111. for

rtfective Men, it Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey. ami Alder-

A.D. 180f. 41 GEORGII III. .) C. 84.

Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain and in Guernsey and Jcr/ey, from the twenty-fifth Day of Decern her one thousand eight hundred, to the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand eight hundred and one, both inclusive, being three hundred and sixty-five Days; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding forty* eight thousand one hundre<Lninety-seven Pounds five Shillings and Fourpence Sterling, for defraying the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, from the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, to the twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive, being three hundred and fifty-eight Days; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding nine hundred seventy-three thousand four hundred thirty-one Pounds eight Shillings and Ninepence, for defraying the Charge of the embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain ana Ireland called Great Britain, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, to the twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive, being two hundred and seventy-five Days; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one Million three hundred eighty-one thousand and seventeen Pounds ten Shillings and Elevenpence Sterling, for defraying the Charge of the embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, from the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, to the twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive, being three hundred and fifty-eight Days; and any Sum or Sums of Money nqt exceeding fifty thousand Pounds, for defraying the Charge of Contingencies for the embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirty-four thousand four hundred fifty-one Pounds and three Shillings Sterling, for defraying the Charge of Contingencies for the embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, from the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, to the twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive, being three hundred and fifty-eight Days; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred twenty-two thousand six hundred sixty-seven Pounds one Shilling and Threepence, for defraying the Charge of Cloathing for the embodied Militia of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty-five thousand six hundred nxty-two Pounds eight Shillings and Twopenc for defraying the Charge of full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of his Majesty's Forces, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand eight hundred, to the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand eight hundred and one, both inclusive, being three hundred and sixty-five Days; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred sixteen thousand and eighty-eight Pounds fourteen Shillings and Fivepence, for defraying the Charge of the Allowances to the principal Officers of the several Departments under mentioned, t heir Deputies, Clerks, and contingent Expences, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain; videlicet, to the Paymaster General, to the Commissary General of the Musters, to the Judge Advocate General, and to the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and ooe; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding six thousand four hundred sixteen Pounds and Sixpence Sterling, for defraying the Charge of the Allowance to the principal Officers and others in the several Departments under mentioned, their Deputies, Clerks, and contingent Expences in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland; videlicet, tc> che Muster Master General, to the Judge Advocate General, to the Physician General, to the Surgeon General, to the Provoit Martial, to the Agent for Transmission of Deserters, to the Town Major of Dublin, to the Secretary and Accountant to the Board of General Officers, and to the Comptroller of the Accounts of the Army, from the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, to the twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive, being three hundred and fifty-ci*rht Days; and any Sum cteSums of-Money not exceeding two hundred and fifty-five thousand Pounds, for defraying-the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Inkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers, and the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of his Ma-jrily, i Land Forces in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain for Small Beer, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, to the twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive, being two hundred and seventy-five Days; and any Sum or Sums of Mo-ey not exceeding one hundred fifteen thousand three hundred eighty-four Pounds twelve Shillings and Fourpence Sterling, for defraying the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men ef his Majesty's Land Forces in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland for Small Beer, and the Charge of an Allowance to be made to the said Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men while on a March, from the twenty-fifth Day of February one thousand eight hundred and one, to the twenty-fetzrth Day of December following, both inclusive, being three hundred and three Days; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred thirty-eight thousand nine hundred seventy-nine Pounds seven Shillings and one Penny, upon Account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines in that Part of the Umted Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and ooc; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty Pounds twelve Shillings and Elevenpence, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to one Private Gentleman of the two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to one superannuated Gentleman of the four Troop3 of Horse Guards, for the Ytnr one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fourteen thousand eight hundred fifty-five Pounds two Shillings and Fivepence Sterling, upon Account of Half Pay for Regimental and Warrant Officers of his Majes-tVs Land Forces, and for the Allowance to retired Chaplains, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Bri- tarn and Ireland called Ireland, from the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, to the twenty-f earth Day of December following, both inclusive, being three hundred and fifty-eight Days j and any Sum or Sums

165

866*. 8d. for General, Staff, and Hof-piul Officers in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jet fey, from Dec. 25, i$90r to Dec. 24, 1801,

48, 197l. 5*-4<b

for ditto in Iro-Jand.fram Jan* r, to Dec. 24.

1801

973»43il-8*.9d. for Militia and Fencible Infantry, in Great Britain, from, March i$-9 to Dec. 24, r8oi j 1, 381, 0171. I os. i id. Sterling fur ditto in Ireland, from Jan 1, to Dec. 24, 1801*50, 0001. for Contingencies fur tfce Militia and Fencible Infantry in Great Britain for 1801; 34.4511-3*-for ditto in Ireland, from Jan. 1, m to Dec. 24.

1801;

122, 667l. is.3d. for C loathing lor the Militia ia Great Britain for 1801;

25, 6621. 8s. id. for Supernumerary Officers of the Forces from 25 Dec. 1800, U>

24 Dec. 1801

1 i6, o881. 14s. 5d. lor the Paymaster General, Commissary General, Judge Advocate, Comptrollers of Army Accounts, and Exchequer Fees, nt Great Britain, lor 1801

6, 4161. o*. 6d. for the Muster Matter Gene: aJ, Judge Advocate General, Physician and Surgeon General, &c. in Ireland, from Jan, 1, to Dec. 24, 1801

25 5, 000l. for incrtvfed Rarel for quartering Soldiers, and an Allowance for Small Beer in Great Brii-m,

hum March is*

to Dt <. 31,

I'*'OI

1 1 ",; g4l. 12?. 4<i- Stcihug, icr

i66

C. 84.

41° GEORGII III. (17.AT.) A.D. 180r.

Sums of Money not exceeding 0o« thousand Pounds* on Account of several Officers late in the Service of the States General, for the Year one thousand eight huiulred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding iifty-two thousand five hundred Pounds, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of his Majesty*g British Arne* rican Forces, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding seven thousand five hundred Pounds, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to several Reduced Officers of his Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred and forty-eight thousand three hundred eighty-two Pounds and Sixpence, for defraying the Charge of the In and Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the ear one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirty-five thousand niue hundred twenty-three Pounds and one Shilling Sterling, for defraying the Charge of In and Out Pensioners of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainham, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, from the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred andante, to the twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive, being three hundred and fifty-eight Days; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty thousand two hundred twenty-seven Pounds and ten Shillings, for defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Officers of the Land Forces, and Expences attending the fame, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding five thousand and forty-two Pounds four Shillings and Threepence Sterling, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to the Widows of Officers of the Land Forces, and Expences attending the fame, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, from the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, to the twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive, being three hundred and fifty-eight Days; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four hundred and fifty-five thousand Pounds, for defraying the Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, to the twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive, being two hundred and seventy-five Days; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four hundred twenty-five thousand one hundred thirty-nine Pounds one Shilling and Sevenpence Sterling, for defraying the Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, from the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, to the twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive, being three hundred and nfty-eight Days; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two hundred and ninety-three thousand nine hundred and twenty-nine Pounds, for defraying the Charge of the Barrack Department in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and 6ne, to the twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive, being two hundred and seventy-five Days; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three hundred thirty-nine thousand seven hundred and eight Pounds thirteen Shillings and Fivepence Sterling, for defraying the Charge of the Barrack Department in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, from the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, to the twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive, being three hundred and fifty-eight Days; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty-one thousand three hundred seventy-two Pounds nineteen Shillings and Ninepence Sterling, for defraying the Charge of Medicines, Bedding, and Hospital Contingencies, for his Majesty's Forces in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, and the Charge of the Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin for Sick and Wounded Soldiers, from the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, to the twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive, being three hundred and fifty-eight Days; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three hundred and three thousand three hundred ninety-one Pounds four Shillings and Fivepence, for defraying the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of Great Britain, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, to the twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive, being two hundred and seventy-five Days; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding six hundred and fifty-six thousand three hundred eighty-eight Pounds eight Shillings and Sixpence, for defraying the Charge of an Augmentation of his Majesty's Land forces in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, confining in the Whole of ten thousand three hundred and twenty-one effective Men, (one thousand two hundred and fifty-seven Invalids included), from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, to the twenty-fourth Day of December following* both inclusive, beingtwo hundred and seventy-five Days; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding eleven thousand one hundred sixty-seven Pounds six Shillings and Elevenpence Sterling, for defraying the Charge of additional Field Officers to the several Corps of Militia in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, from the twenty-fourth Day of Man hone, thousand eight hundred and one, to the twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive, being two hundred and seventy-six Days; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two Millions five hundred thousand Pounds, to defray the Extraordinary Services of the Army in Great Britain for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding six hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, to defray the Extraordinary Services of the Army in Ire-9; 929I for ti e ^an(^ for ^ie Year one thousand eight hundred and one.

Barrack Department in Great Britain, from March 2 <, to Dec. 24, i8or; 329, "oSI. 13s. 5d. Sterling, for ditto in Ireland, from Jan. t, to Dec. 24, 1801; 21, 372l. 19s. 9d. Sterling, lor Medicine*, Bedding, Hospital Contingencies, and the Military Infirmary in Ireland, Irom Jan. 1, to Dec. 24, 1 So I; 303, 391l. 4s. $d. for Foreign Corps, fr«m March 25, to Dec. 24, 1801; 6r6, 3'^l, i. S--. 6d. for an Augmentation of the Force* in Great Britain, being 10, 32 1 Men (including 1237 Invalids) from 21 March to 24Dec. 1801; 11, 167l. 6>. 1 id. Sterling, for additional Field Officers to the Militia in Ireland, from March 2410 Dec. 24, 1801; 2, 500, 000]. for Exlraordinnrtes of the Army in Great Bi it.iin, and 6oo, ooool. lor ditto in Ireland, for 1801.

1 yoo, oooo1. to

XXVIII. And it is hereby also enabled, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall

dtfehargeKx- and may issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one Million one hundred thousand c!, e'luerB, li'*' 2 Pounds,

Allowance* to the Force* in It eland lor Small Beer, and while on March, from February 25, to Dec. 24, 1801; 138, 979l. 7*. id. for reduced Officer* of the I.and Forces and Marines in Great Britain for 18013

20l. T2S. lid.

for a Private and a superannuated Gentleman of the Horse Guardi ibr 1801;

>4.855L >* 5d-

Sterling, for Half Pay for Officers, and Allowances Jo le-tired Chaplains in Ireland, from Jan. r# to Dec. 24, 1801; jooool. for Officers late in the Service of the Slates General for 1801; 52, 500l. for reduced Officers of the British American Forces for 1801, and 7, >ool. for Allowance* to them;

*148, 3821.0*. 6d. for Chelsea Hospital for iSoi; 35, 9231. is. Sterling, for the Hospital near Kilmainham, from Jan. 1, to Dec. 24, 1801; 20, 2271. 1 os. foi Widows Pensions in Great Britain for 1801; 5, 04it. 4s; 3d-Sterling, for ditto in Ireland, from Jan. 1, to Dec. 24, 1801; 455, ooool. for Volunteer Corps in Great Britain, from March 25, lo Dec. 24.

1801

425, 1391.1 s.7d. Sterling, for ditto in Ireland, from Jan. 1, to Def. 24, 1 hoi;

A.D. 1801.41° GEORGII III.

C. 84. 167

discharge Exchequer Bill*, made out under 39 and 40 G. 3. c-33-

52?, 200). Irishr to pay a like Sum borrowed on Treasury Bilk in Irelands

2t, SoSl. 6s. td. issued pursuant to Addresses of

Pounds -to pay off and discharge the Exchequer Bills made out cm the Credit of the Duties on Income, granted"? J

by an Act of the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty. Duties on In-

come, under 39 G. 3. c. 13.

XXIX. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and 250, 000l. to may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, to discharge Expay off and discharge the Exchequer Bills made out on the Credit of the Duties on Goods imported and exported,

granted by an Act made in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty. Credit of Duties

granted by 38 G. 3. c. 76.

XXX. And it is hereby also enabled, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and 4, 000, 0001. to

may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four Millions, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, on the Credit of the Aids or Supplies granted for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred. f

" 3, 500, 0001. to discharge Exchequer Bills, made out under 39 & 40 G. 3. c. 102. §31." " 3, 000, 000l. to

*4 discharge Exchequer Bills, made out under 39 6c 40 G. 3. c. 103. §32." " 3, 000, 00©!. to discharge Ex-

u chequer Bills, made out under 39 & 40 G. 3. c. 104. §33."

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may-be issued the Sum of five hundred twenty-two thousand two hundred Pounds Irish Currency, to be applied in Payment of a like Sum borrowed in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, on Treasury Bills, payable on the twenty-fourth Day of June, the twenty-fourth Day of July, and the twenty-fifth Day of December oum thousand eight hundred and one.

XXXV. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty-one thousand eight hundred and eight Pounds six Shillings and Threepence, to make good the like Sum which has been issued by his Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

And also 10, 891l. us. iod. issued pursuant to Addresses of the Commons, J 36., r

XXXVII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there fhalT and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding seven thousand nine hundred and fifty Pounds, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada in America, from the first Day of January to the thirty-first Day of December one thousand eight hundred and one and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding five thousand nine hundred and fifteen Pounds, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia in America, from the first Day of January to the thirty-first Day of December one thousand eight hundred and one j and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two thousand four hundred and twenty Pounds ten Shillings and Ten-pence, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick in America, from the twenty-fourth Day of June to the thirty-first Day of December one thousand eight hundred and one and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one thousand nine hundred Pounds, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John in America, now called Prince Edward Island, from the first Day of January to the thirty-first Day of December one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding nine hundred and fifty-seven Pounds sixteen Shillings and one Halfpenny, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton in America, from the twenty-fourth Day of June to the thirty-first Day of December one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one thousand six hundred and forty-one Pounds eight Shillings and Five-pence, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Newfoundland in America, from the first Day of April to the thirty-first Day of December one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four thousand one hundred Pounds, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands in America, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Publick Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fame, from the first Day of January to the thirty-first Day of December one thousand tight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three hundred and one Pounds eighteen Shillings and Four-pence Farthing, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas (or Somers fflands), from the twenty-fourth Day of June to the thirty-first Day of December one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding six hundred Pounds, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Dominica % from the first Day of January to the thirty-first Day of December one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding seven. thousand one hundred and forty-iix Pounds, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the tenth Day of October one thousand cignt hundred to the thirty-first Day of December one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty thousand Pounds, to be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting the British Forts and Settlement* on the Coast of Africa and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four thousand Pounds, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment at Sierra Leone, for one Year to the thirty-first Day of December one thousand eight hundred' and one.

s*oi; 7, 1461. for ditto of New South Walet, from Oft, 10, 1800, Jo Dec. 31* 1801 j 20, 000). for Forts in Africa j 4, 000k for the Civil Stem L#one, fcr one Year to Dec. 31, i8qi.

7, 950k for the Civil EstabKfo-irent of Upper Canada; and

5, 915l. for ditto of Nova Scotiar fmm Jan. r, to Dec. 31, 1801; 2, 420). 10s. iod. fur ditto of New Brunswick, from* June 24, to Dec. 31, 1801; 1, 900!, -for ditto of the Island of St. John in America, from Jan. ir to Dec. 31, l8ot

957l. 16s. Jd. for ditto of G*rp<* Breton, f rom June 24, to Dec. 51, 1801; 1, 641k 8$. fd. foe ditto of N ev-foundland, from* April 1, -to Dec. 31, i8ox; : 4, look for ditto of the Bahama

l(land<, .fix>xn

1 Jan. to 31 Dec. 1801 j 301k 189. 4id. for ditto of the Bermudas, 1'ronr June 24, to Dec. 31, 1801; 600l. for ditto of Dominica, from* I Jan. to 31 Dec-Establilbmcat 06

A.D. 1801.

x68

C. 84.

41° GEORGII III. (U.K.)

7, 6»oJ. for Su«

pointendance of

Aliens for isoi j under 38 G. 3, c. 50.

2, 1701. iSi. id. i-v Professions

1 elating to the Coin iu iSoo; 37>5i"l. 6*. $d. for Convicts at Home, lor Nine Months, to Dec. 31, 1hoi; 10, 000l. for Printing for the Commons, for one Year, to Dec. 31, 1801;

2 5, 0001. for Bills from New South Wales, in 1801; 3, 550l. for the Expencer of the Commission under the American Treaty, for t8oi; 208, 772l. for Refugees of Prance, Toulon, and Corsica, St. Domingo Sul-ferers, and American I^oy-al»l>\ for nine Months, to Dec. 31, 1801;

I 5, OOol. for Secret Service for the same Period; 2, 4821. 16s. for additional Allowances to Clerks in the Office for auditing the Publick Accounts;

500l. for a Plan far enquiring into the Mendicity of the Metropolis;

25; !. 12s. 7d. for a Plan for the Improvement of the Port of I-ondon; ix6l. 16b. for the Index to the Lords Journals; 3, 500l. to discharge Fees on on fling publick Accounts;

374l. 4*. 8d. for Expences at the Pa' liamentOffica in Session 1800; 6, 7561. ios. 5d. for Bills drawn from New South Wales in 1800; 7, 9011. ios. 4d. for ditto due in 1801; i, ooool. for Works about tkc Houses of Parliament;

XXXVIII. And it is hereby alft> enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, tlr^re (Mi and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding seven thousand six hundred and twenty Pounds, for defraying the Charge of the Superintendance of Aliens for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one, according to the Provisions of an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two thousand two hundred and seventy Pounds eighteen Shillings and Two-pence, for defraying the Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions relating to the Coin of this Kingdom in the Year one thousand eight hundred; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirty-seven thousand three hundred and seventeen Pounds six Shillings and Five-pence, for defraying the Expences likely to be incurred for confining and maintaining Convicts at Home for nine Month* to the thirty-first Day of December one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, for defraying the Expences likely to be incurred for printing the Journals of the House of Commons, for printing and delivering the Votes, and for printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers by Order of the House of Commons for one Year to the thirty-first Day of December one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums'of Money not exceeding twenty-five thousand Pounds to discharge the probable Amount of Bills expected during the Course of the present* Year one thousand eight hundred and one, from or on account of New South Wales for the Expenditures of that Colony and Norfolk If and, exclusive of the Estimate of their Civil Establishment; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three thousand five hundred and fifty Pounds, for defraying the Expences of the Commission umh the.tU Article of the American Treaty, including the Salaries of the British Commissioners, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two hundred and eight thousand seven hundred and seventy-two Pounds, for the Relief of the suffering Clergy and Laity of France, Toulonefe, and C off can Emigrants, certain Saint Domingo Sufferers, and American Loyalists, for nine Months, to the thirty-first Day of December one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fifteen thousand Pounds for his Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services for nine Months, to the thirty-first Day of December one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two thousand four hundred and eighty-two Pounds sixteen Shillings, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to Bernard Cobbe Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of his Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for additional Allowances to Clerks in the Office for auditing the Publick Accounts; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding five hundred Pounds to make good the like Sum which has been issued to Matthew Marlin Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer out of his Majesty's Civil List Revenues, towards carrying into Effect a Plan for enquiring into the Mendicity of the Metropolis; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two hundred and fifty-three Pounds twelve Shillings and Seven-pence, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to Edward Ogle Esquire, and others, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of his Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Expences incurred upon a Plan for the Improvement of the Port of I.ondon; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred and sixteen rounds sixteen Shillings, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to 'Thomas Brodie Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of his Majest y's Civil List Revenues, for continuing the Index to the Journals of the House of Lords; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three thousand five hundred Pounds, to make good the like Sum which Lis been issued to Bernard Cobbe Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of his Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to discharge Fees on passing Publick Accounts; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three hundred and seventy-four Pounds four Shillings and Eight-pence, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to George Rojc Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of his Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Expences at the Parliament Office, in Session one thousand eight hundred; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding six thousand seven hundred and fifty-six Pounds ten Shillings and Five-pence, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to William Chinnery Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of his Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to pay Bills drawn on Account of New South Wales, due in the Year one thousand eight hundred, being over and above the Sum granted by Parliament for that Purpose; and any Sum or Sums ot Money not exceeding seven thousand nine hundred and one Pounds ten Shillings and Four-pence, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to William Chinnery Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of his Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to pay Bills drawn from New South Wales, which became due in one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two thousand Pounds, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to James Wyatt Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of his Majesty's Civil List Revenues to pay Artificers employed in various Works about the Houses of Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred and seventy-five Pounds three Shillings and Two-pence, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to William Pollock Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of his Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to pay Fees on passing a Commission appointing Commissioners to enquire into the State of the Cold Bath Fields Prison; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding eight hundred and ninety-five Pounds sixteen Shillings, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to Wimam Chinnery Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of his Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Medicines sent to New South Wales; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three hundred and five thousand four hundred and eighty-four Pounds seven Shillings and Two-pence, for paying Interest on sundry Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of several Acts of the thirty-ninth and the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred and seventy-seven thousand three hundred and thirty Pounds eighteen Shillings and Ten-pence, to make good the Sums paid for Discount on prompt Payments to the Loan and Lottery, granted for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding seventeen thousand five hundred and eighteen Pounds fourteen

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K) C. 84. 169

Shillings and Seven-pence, to make good the Money paid to the Bank of England for receiving the Contribution* to the Loan and Lottery for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding nine hundred and two Pounds fourteen Shillings and Sixpence, to make good the Money paid to John Farhill Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for Salaries of the Officers, and incidental Expences of the said Commission; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one thousand Pounds, to make good the Money paid to the Officers of the Exchequer for extra Trouble in making out Exchequer Bills; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred and thirty-two Pounds three Shillings and Sixpence, to make good the like Sum paid to John Wilmot Esquire, for a Clerk employed 01 various Businesses and References relative to American Claims; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three thousand Pounds, for the Board of Agriculture, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one thousand five hundred Pounds, to be applied in support of an Institution called The Veterinary College, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and ore; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirty thousand Pounds, to be applied for the Purchase of Land, and the Construction of Buildings for a Royal Military College, being the Sum that will probably he required for the said Service in the Year one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding eight thousand four hundred Pounds, for defraying the Expences incurred and expected to bi incurred on account of certain Premises at Chelsea, intended for a Royal Military Asylum for the Reception of the Children of Soldiers; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for rfie Reduction of the National Debt; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three thousand Pounds, towards enabling the Trustees of the British Museum to carry on the Execution of the Trulls reposed in them by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two thousand seven hundred and one Pounds nine Shillings, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued by his Majesty's Directions to the Chairman of the Committees of the rfoufe of Lords; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding five thousand Pounds, to be advanced to the Governor and Company of the Merchants of Englandi trading into the Levant Seas, to be applied in affilling the said Company in Carrying on their Trade; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding eight hundred and twenty-seven Pounds twelve Shillings, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to Bernard Cobhe Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of his Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for additional Allowances to Clerks in the Office for Auditing the Publick Accounts; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding five hundred and twenty-eight Pounds nine Shillings, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to Joseph White Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of his Majesty'tf Civil List Revenues, to enable him to complete the Purchase of fercral old Houses, neccflaty for carrying on the Work* at the Nen» Marshalsea; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding eight hundred Pounds, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to Arthur Toting Esquire, Secretary to the Board of Agriculture, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of his Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Premiums to be paid for Effiiys on breaking up of Grass Lands; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding five thousand Pounds, for defraying the Charge of the Works ind Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one. mltorr; 1, 500l. for the Veterinary College fur 1801; 30, 000l. for Buildings for a Royal Military College; 8, 400l. for Premises at Chelsea intended for a Royal Military Asylum; 200, 000k to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; 3, 000l. for the British Muleurp; 2, ?Oil. 9s. to fire Chairman of the Committees of the House of Lords; 5, ooool. to the Levant Company; 827l. 12s. for additional Allowances to Clerks for auditing Publick Accounts; 51SI. 9s. for carrying on the Works at the New Marshalsea; 800l. for Premiums for Eflavs on breaking up of Grass Lands; 5, ooool. for Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three hundred and thirteen Pounds sixteen Shillings and Elevenpence Sterling, being three hundred and forty Pounds Irish Currency, to be paid to Stephen Moore Esquire, Accountant General, as a Reward for his Expence and Trouble in preparing and Hating the publick Accounts of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, laid before the House of CommoBS in this Session of Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two hundred and twenty-oae Pounds ten Shillings and Ninepence Sterling, being two hundred and forty Pounds Irish Currency, to be paid to John Smart Esquire, Deputy Accountant General, for his extraordinary Trouble in preparing the publick Accounts of that Part of the United Kingdom allied Ireland, for Parliament, for one Year, ending Lady-day one thousand eight hundred; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding seven hundred and thirty-eight Pounds nine Shillings and Threepence Sterling, being eight hundred Pounds Irish Currency, to be paid to Sir John Tydd Baronet, in Consideration of his Attendance, Care, and Expence, in the Office of foL^d* raymaster of Com Bounties, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of { Sq/j y Money not exceeding one hundred and eighty-four Pounds twelve Shillings and Fourpence Sterling, being two 7^1. 9^. >d. hundred Pounds Irish Currency, to be paid to Paul Le Bas Esquire, Examinator of Corn Bounties, for his Trouble in keeping the Accounts of the said Office; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred and eighty-four Pounds twelve Shillings and Fourpence Sterling, bei; ig two hundred Pounds Irish Currency, to be p*id to Robert Marshall Esquire, Inspectar General of Imports and Exports, as a Reward for his Expence and Trouble in preparing the Account of the Imports and Exports of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for one Year, ending the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred; ana any S«m or Sum of Money not exceeding one hundred and twenty-nine Pounds four Shillings and Sevenpence Sterling, being one hundred and forty Pounds Irish Currency, to be paid to Mailer Rogers Wetherall, First Clerk in the Office of the Inspector General of Imports and Exports in that Part of the United Kingdom eaUed Ireland, for his extraordinary Trouble in making up the said Accounts; and any Sum or Sums of Money Rot exceeding one hundred and twenty-nine Pounds four Shillings and Sevenpence Sterling, being one hundred 41 Geo. Iir. (U.K.) Z and

175k 3*.d. Fdf pitting- a Committal on to enquire ihtoCold Bath Field* Prison;

89 5l. 16s. for Medicines sent to New South Wales;

305, 4841.7s. 2d. lor Interest on Exchequer Bilb madeout under fever.il A«5ls of 39, and 39 & 40 Geo. 3.

177, 330l. 18*. icd. for Dif-Qount on prompt Paynnenli to the Loan and Lottery for 1800; 17, 51'!. 145. 7d. to the Bank for receiving tl»e Contribution* thereon f'oriSoO; 902l. 14. 6d. lor Salaries of the Officers and Expence of the Commission for the Reduction of the National Debt;

1.0001. for extra Trouble in making -out Exchequer Bills; «32h 3s. 6d. idr a Clerk employed in American Claims;

3.0001. lor the Board of Agri-

313l. 16s. t id.

Sterling to S. Moore, Esq. for preparing the Publick Account of Ireland this Session;

22it. 10s. 9d. Sterling, to J. Smart, Esq. for preparing the publick Accounts of Irc-

Sterlinp. to Sir J. 1 ychi, \'H his Care in the Office of Haymaker of Cura Bounties in Ireland

1841.12s. 4d. to Paul Le Ba.<, Efs. Examinaioi o! Corn Bounties

!&4l. 12s. 4d. Sterling, to R;

170 C. 84.

41° GEORGII III. (17. AT.) A.D. 1801.

MarAall, Esq. and forty Pounds Irish Currency, to be paid to Master John Swan, Examinator of Excise in that Part of the

ArcJim-Tof^tho ^n*ted Kingdom called Ireland, for his extraordinary Trouble and Expence in preparing the Accounts in the Xrnpom and Ex- °ffice of Excise'

port* of Ireland, for one Year ending 23th March 1800; 129l. 4s. 7d. Stciling, to Mr. R. Weihrrall, for extra trouble therein; 129l. 4s. 7d. Sterling, to Mr. J. Swan, for preparing Account? in the Excise Office in Ireland.

9661. tSs. 7$d.

XL. And be it enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be iilucd f-n in ^heE^" anc^ aPP^C1^ any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding nine hundred and sixty-six Pounds eighteen Shillings

a.rngt u x- amj Sevenpence Halfpenny Sterling, being one thousand and forty-leven Pounds ten Shillings and Twopence

Irish Currency, for defraying the Expence of Pratique in the Port of Dublin, for one Year, ending the fifth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty-nine thousand five hundred and thirty-eight Pounds nine Shillings and Threepence Sterling, being thirty-two thousand Pounds Irish Currency, for defraying the Charge ot Civil Buildings in and for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland\ including Wages, Arrears, Rents, Taxes, and other incidental Expences, for one Year,

ending the fifth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two thousand three hundred and seven rounds thirteen Shillings and Tenpence Sterling, being two thousand five hundred Pounds Irish Currency, for defraying the Charge of apprehending publick Offenders in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for one Year, ending the fifth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty-three thousand and seventy-six Pounds eighteen Shillings and Sixpence Sterling, being twenty-five thousand Pounds Irish Currency, for defraying the Charge which may probably be incurred in the Office of the Solicitor of Criminal Causes in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for one Year, ending the fifth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding six thousand four hundred and eighty-five Pounds ten Shillings and Ninepence Sterling, being seven thousand and twenty-six Pounds Irish Currency, for defraying the Charge of Proclamations and Advertisements in the Dublin Gazette, and other Newspapers, for one Year, ending the fifth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three thousand four hundred and seventy-seven Pounds tw o Shillings and Fourpence Sterling, being three thousand seven hundred and sixty-six Pounds seventeen Shillings and Sixpence lyish Currency, for defraying the Expence of printing certain Statutes in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for one Year, ending the fifth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding eighteen thousand one hundred and sixty-six Pounds eleven Shillings and Tenpence Sterlings being nineteen thousand six hundred and eighty Pounds nine Shillings and Sixpence Irish Currency, for defraying the Charge of printing, Stationary, and other Disbursements, for the Chief and urtder Secretaries Offices and Apartments, and other publick Offices, in and for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and for the Riding Charges, and other Expences of the Deputy Pursuivants, and extra Messengers, attending the said Offices, for one Year, ending the fifth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and two; ana any ... Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one thousand eight hundred and forty-six Pounds three Shillings and one iocl. Sterling, for Penny Sterling, being two thousand rounds Irish Currency, for defraying the incidental Expences of the Board Printing, Sta- Of Treasury in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for one Yea^, ending the fifth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding five thousand nve hundred and thirty-eight Pounds nine Shillings and Threepence Sterling, being six thousand Pounds Irish Currency, for defraying the Expence of building further Offices for the Records of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and to discharge Sums due for building the Courts of Justice, for one Year, ending the fifth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding-nine hundred and twenty-three Pounds one Shilling and Sixpence Sterling, being one thousand Pounds Irish Currency, to be applied by the Commifiumers of the Treasury in that Part of the United Kingdom called. Ireland, under the Direction of the Lord Lieutenant, in working a Gold Mine in the County of Wicklow, for one Year, ending the fifth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding six hundred asd eighty-three Pounds one Shilling and Sixpence Sterling, being seven hundred and forty Pounds Irish Currency, for defraying the Charge of Clothing the Battle-axe Guards in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for one Year, ending the fifth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one thousand aid two Pounds nine Shilling* and Threepence Sterling, being one thousand and eighty-six Pounds Irish' Currency, for defraying the Charge of cloathing his Majesty's Officers of Arms and State Trumpeters in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for one Year, ending the fifth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and two. the Battle-axe Guards in Ireland; and 1, 0021. 9s. 3d. Sterling, for cloathing the Officers of Arms and State Trumpeters in Ireland, [AUJot oncYear ending 5th January iSoi-]

19, 038l. 9s. 3d.

XLI. And be it enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued Sterling, for the and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding nineteen thousand nine hundred and thirty-eight Pounds nine Shillings and Threepence Sterling, being twenty-one thousand six hundred Pounds Irish.Currency, to be paid to the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland for the following Purposes; (that is to say, ) the Sum of two thousand Pounds Irish Currency, for one Year, ending the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, to encourage the raising of fufifi — cient Quantities of Hemp and Flax in that Part of the United Kingdom; the further Sum of two thousand Pounds Irish Currency, for one Year, ending the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, for the Encouragement of the Hempen and Flaxen Manufactures in the Provinces of Leirsler, Munjler, and Connaught; the further Sum of seven thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds Irish Currency, for one Year, to the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, to'encourage the growth of Flax in that Part of the United Kingdom; and the further Sum of ten thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds Irijl>

Currency,

pence of Pratique in Dublin; pi. O'. iff.

-Sterling, for He-, fra vino, tS*

C'i> li ve of C; \i! Huil.ii.- lor JlHlPil; % 2.5^-!. 1 fod. Sun ling. for defraying the Chargeol apprehending publick Offenders in Ireland

23, 076l. iSs.6d. Sterling, for the Charge of the Office of the So, licitor of Criminal Causes in Ireland

6, 48^1. ios. 9d. Sterling, for the*Charge of Proclamations and Advert ifementj in the Dublin Gazette, &c.; 3, 47/1. 2S.4d. Sterling, for printing certain Statutes in Ireland

13, 1661, T is.

tionary, &c. for the publick Offices in Ireland; 1, 8461. 3s. id. Sterling, for the incidental Expences of the Board of Treasury, in Ireland; 5, 538l. 9s. 3d. Sterling, for building Offices for the Records of Ireland, 3c c. 9231.1s. 6d.Sterling, for working a Gold Mine in Wick! ov; fiS3l.rs.6d. Sterling, forcloathing

I.inen and Hempen Manufactures in Ireland, vi/.

2, cool. Irish Currency for encouraging the raiding of Hemp and Flax, a id 2.reel, ditto for rtv* Her, n and Flax M. isar-

lurtSj.iEe: u.tt;

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (17. A.) C. 84.

Currracy, For one Yefcr, ending the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, to be by the said Trustees applied in such Manner as shall appear to them to be moll conducive to promote and encourage the said Manufactures, the said Sum- to be in the Place and Stead of a like Sum paid to them out of the Produce of the Duties on Teas and Coffee; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four thousand six hundred and fifteen Pounds seven Shillings and Eightpence Sterling, being five thousand Pounds Irish Currency, to be paid to the Board of First Fruits in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for building new Churches and rebuilding old Churches, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding five thousand and seventy-six Pounds eighteen Shillings and Sixpence Sterling, being five thousand five hundred Pounds Irish Currency, to be paid to the Dublin Society for promoting Husbaniry and other useful Arts, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four thousand one hundred and fifty-three Pounds sixteen Shillings and Elevenpence Sterling, being four thousand five hundred Pounds Irish Currency, to be applied towards completing additional Buildings at the Repository of the Dublin Society, in Hanvkinsjlreety and Botanic Garden at Glqff'nevin, with the Approbation of his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one thousand eight hundred and forty-six Pounds three Shillings and one Penny Sterling, being two thousand Pounds Irish Currency, to be applied under the Direction of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Inland for the Time being, in promoting the Purposes of the Farming Societies of Ireland, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding nine thousand two hundred and thirty Pounds fifteen Shillings and Fivepence Sterling, being ten thousand Pounds Irish Currency, to be paid to the Corporation for paving, cleansing, and lighting the City of Dublin, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four thousand one hundred and fifty-three Pounds sixteen Shillings and Elevenpence Sterling, being four thousand five hundred Pounds Irish Currency, to be paid to the Commissioners for making wide and conveuient Streets in the City of Dublin for the Year one thousand eight hundred find one.

Repertory of the Dublin Society, $cc.; 1, 846?. 3s. id. Sterling, for promoting the Purposes of the Farming Societies of Ireland, for 1801 Sterii '.5, lor paving, &c. Dublin, for Hoi; and 4, 153l. 16$. nd. Sterling, for making Convenient Stieets in Dublin, for 1801.

X.LII. And be it enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be itfucd and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding eighteen thousand two hundred and thirteen Pounds four Shillings and Sevenpence Sterling, being nineteen thousand seven hundred and thirty-one Pounds Irish Currency, for defraying the Charge of the Incorporated Society in Dublin for promoting English Protdlant Schools in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirteen thousand eight hundred and forty-lix Pounds three Shillings and one Penny Sterling, being fifteen thousand Pounds Irish Currency, for defraying the Charge of the Foundling Hospitalm Dulliny for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one; and any S .m or Sums of Money not exceeding one thousand eight hundred and forty-six Pounds three Shillings and one Penny Sterling, being two thousand rounds Irish Currency, tdr defraying the Charge of the Hibernian Marine Nursery for Sailors* Children in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding six thousand one hundred and eighty-three Pounds thirteen Shillings and Tenpence Sterling, being six thousand six hundred and ninety-nine Pounds Irish Currency, for defraying the Charge of supporting the Westmoreland Lock Hospital in Dublin, for the Year one thousand fight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three thousand six hundred and fifty-five Pounds seven Shillings and Ninepence Sterling, being three thousand nine hundred and sixty Pounds Irish Currency, For defraying the Charge of the Hibernian School for Soldiers Children in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding seven thousand three hundred and eighty-four Pounds twelve Shillings and Fourpence Sterling, being eight thousand Pounds Irish Currency, for defraying the Charge of the Roman Catholick Seminary in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sum of*Money not exceeding fifteen thousand five hundred and ninety-four Pounds nine Shillings and Three-pence Sterling, being sixteen thousand eight hundred and ninety-four Pounds Irjh Currency, for defraying the Charge of supporting the House of Induilry for the Relief of the Poor in Dublin, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one; one thousand one hundred Pounds Irish Currency thereof, to be applied to the Payment of Salaries to the Acting Governors of that Charity, in such Manner as the Lord Lieutenant of that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland shall direct; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two hundred and seventy-six Pounds eighteen Shillings and Sixpence Sterling, being three hundred Pounds Irish Currency, for defraying the Charge of the Society for discountenancing Vice and promoting the Knowledge and Practice of the Chriilian Religion in tffat Part of the LTnited Kingdom called Ireland, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four hundred and sixty-one Pounds ten Shillings and Ninepence Sterling, being five hundred Pounds Irish Currency, for defraying the Charge of the Female Orphan House near Dublin, for maintaining, clothing, educating, and apprenticing desertea Female Children, lor the Year one thousand eight hundred and one.

dots there*'/; ) a"61. i8«. 6d. Sterling, to the Society for discountenancing Vice, kc. in Ireland; and 461l. 10s. 9<b Sterling. to th House, Dublin, [alt for the Year Hoi.]

XLIII. And it is hereby also enabled, That the said Aids and Supplies, provided as aforesaid, Audi not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent, or Purpose whatever, other than the Uses and Purposes before mentioned, or other Payments directed to be satisfied thereout by any Act or Acts, or any particular Clause or Clause* for that Purpolo contained in any other Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament, or to the Payment or Coxr.penutio^ heretofore allowed for or in lieu of the Prizage and Butlerage of Wines is Ireland.

'Zz XLIV. Aui

171

Munrter, and

Connaught;

7, 150]. ditto for the (JiOvvti, of Flax

10, 350l. ditto for promoting the said Manufactures, in lieu of the Sum paid out of the Tea and Coffee Duty 5

4, 61 5I 7s. 8d. Steiiing, to the Board of First Fruits in Ireland, for building Churches, lor 1801;

5, 0761. 18s. 6d. Sterling, to the Dublin SoGicty for promoting Husbandry, lor soi

4, 153l. i6s.t id. Sterling, for completing Buildings at the

i 15*- S<3-

4s. 7d, Sterling lor promoting Enghth Pro test ant Schools in Ireland

13.8461. 3s. id. Sterling, to the Foundling Hospital in Dublin;

1.8461. 3s. id. Stciling to the Hibernian Marine Nursery for Sailors' Children

6, 1831.13s. iod. Sterling, for supporting the Well morel and Lock Hospital in Dublin; 3, 655l. 75. 9d. Stciling, to the Hibernian School lot Sol-dici s' Childic: j; 7, 384l. rts. 4d. Sti lling to the Roman Catl.o lie Scminai y; 15, 5941. 9*.; d/

Stuling, f* r supp >1 ting fl»e House; i I; : <j'if-tr. in DuJ/: n

( I, tool, ll 2ill Currency o* which shall be applied for \lwr Salat it*' of the acting G r. c.-Ftmaie Otpliin

S .ip; he- r.i ? to

hr liSUcd hit

any othe* than

the JiUhoii? -4

JJ2

Rule? to be ob-

fervid in the Application of the Sum appro* printed for Half Ray.

Officers employed on ihe Staff or in Gar* rilon - may receive Half Pay on taking the following Oath

Oath.

By 39*40

G. 3. c. 109.

§ 20, a certain Sum was appropriated to be paid to reduced Officers, the Overplus of which may be <3ifpoftd of as his Majesty shall judge pro-?er.

Certain American and JEast Florida Order? made out pursuant to 'S G. 3. c. 40, and 30 G. 3. C. 34, directed to be paid, when Application h made at the Exchequer ft, rthat Purpose. Sre ante §2.2.

Duplicates of Irish Trei'sury Eills or Debentures loll or deft toyed, maybe mr.de'on Affidavit of the Fart before a Baron of the Exchequer in Ireland, ice.

C. 84. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

XLIV. And as to the Sum of one hundred and thirty-eight thousand nine hundred and seventy-nine Pounds seven Shillings and one Penny; by this Act appropriated on account of Half Pay as aforesaid, it is hereby ena£leA and declared, That the Rules herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application of the said Half Pay; (that is to say, ) That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who was a Minor and under the Age of sixteen Years at the Time when the Regiment, Troop, or Company in which he served, was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except inch Persons who did actual Service in some Regiment, Troop, or Company; that no Person, having any other Place of Employment, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said Half Pay, except such Officers as have been or shall be appointed to any Military Commission or Employment on the Staff, or in the Garrisons; jvhich Officers, with his Majesty's Approbation, to be signified by the Secretary at War to the Pay mailer General of the Land Forces, and not otherwise, may and shall receive their Half Pay, together with the Pay of their Military Commissions or Employments on the Staff or in the Garrisons as aforesaid, they taking from Time to Time the following Oath, inllead of the Oath usually taken by Officers to entitle them to receive Half Pay

I A.B. do swear, that I had not, between the and the

any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, betides my ADowance of Half Pay as a reduced in the

late Regiment of save and except my Pay as [here specify the Military CommissionSor

Employment on the Staff or in the Garrisons .]*

And the taking of the said Oath shall, without taking any other Oath, be sufficient to entitle such Officer to receive his Half Pay: That no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any Part of the said Half Pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who hasreligned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, .except to such Persons as would have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Tart of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Foot lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of Half Pay in Great Britain.

XLV. 4 And whereas, by an Act of Parliament made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund for applying certain Sums of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred; for fur- ther appropriating the Supplies granted in this Sffion of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders Iqjl, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; the several Supplies which had been granted to his present Majesty as is therein mentioned were appropriated to the several Uses and Purposes therein expressed; amongst which any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred and thirty-eight thousand nine hundred and seventy-nine Pounds seven Shillings and one Penny, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty, subject, nevertheless, to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said Half Pay as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that BehalfNow it is hereby provided, enabled, and declared, That so much of the said Sum of one hundred and thirty-eight thousand nine hundred and seventy-nine Pounds seven Shillings and one Penny, as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the Rules prescribed by the said Act to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall and may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed or have lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others as by Reason of their long Service or otherwise his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to inch Warrant or Warrant under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; any Thing in this Act or the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVI. 4 And whereas the said Sums of Tour thousand and eighty Pound? eleven Shillings and Sixpence three Farthings, and eight thousand two hundred and eighty Poinds sixteen Shillings and Elevenpence three Farthings, hereby appropriated towards the Supply for Great Britain, were the Surpluses of Sums granted for particular Services in former Years, or were reserved in the Exchequer for the Payment of certain American and East Florida Orders, made out pursuant to two Acts passed in the twenty-eighth and thirtieth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, which are now outstanding and unsatisfied, amounting to the Sum of three thousand six hundred and ninety Pounds seventeen Shillings and Threepence Farthing be it therefore enacted, That whenever Payment of any such Orders shall be demanded at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer in England, it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Officers of the said Receipt, and they are hereby directed and required to pay and discharge the same out of any Monies granted for the Sendee of the Year in which the Payment of any such Orders shall be so demanded.

XLVII. 4 And whereas it is expedient to make Provision for Losses which may have been sustained by Individuals, by means of Treasury Bills or Debentures, issued from his Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, having been stolen, loft, burned, or destroyed; be it enacted, That in all Cases where it shall appear to the Satisfaction of any of the Barons of his Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland, by any Affidavit or Affidavits to be sworn before such Baron, who shall interrogate the Deponent or Deponents thereupon, that any such Treasury Bills or Debentures have been stolen, loft, burned, or destroyed, before the first Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one, or that there is good Reason to believe that the same have been stolen, loft, burned, or destroyed; and upon producing to the respective Officers of his Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, appointed to make forth such Treasury Bills or 13 e-bentures, or to pay the same, a Certificate of such Baron thereof, together with the Affidavit or Affidavits furorn before him, which Affidavit or Affidavits shall be taken, and Certificate granted, by any of the said Barons, without Fee, and on Security being given to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to the goodJLiki^j of the ilaidL

Officers*

A.D. 1801.

173

41 GEORGII III. (1 .) C. 84, 85.

Officer*, to indemnify them and each of them against all other Persons for the Money specified in such Treasury Bill* and Debentures and the Interdl thereof, the said Officers, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of h'eljnd for the Time being, mall make forth Duplicates thereof, and pay and discharge the Money Specified therein, with the Interest accrued on the original Treasury Bills or Debentures, and fuel) Interest as shall accrue, in the same Manner as they would have paid anddif-charged the same on the original Treasury Bills or Debenture*, if the same had not been stoleh, loll, burned, or ddtroyed.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for better Payment of Fines and Forfeitures imposed by Justices out of Session, in England.

[27th June 1801.]

FOR the better bringing to Account and making Payment of such Share of Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties due to his Majesty, which arc not by Law payable to any particular Persons, Commissioners, or others, levied before justices of the Peace acting out of Session; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and % vith the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Pa.va-ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for every Justice of the Peace acting out of Session for any County, Riding, City, Borough, Division, or Place, in Englan d to receive all Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties, imposed by him or any other Justice of the Peace, as aforesaid, aftfag out of Sessions, and not made payable to any Body or Bodies Corporate, or any Commissioners of any Publick Boards, or any other Person or Persons, and to give Receipts for the fame, which Receipts fl ail be a sufficient Discharge to the Parties by whom the said Fines shall be payable; and every such Justice shall, by himself or Clerk, keep an Account in a Book, to be provided for that Purpose, of the Ajnuunt of every Fine, Forfeiture, or Penalty, which shall have been set or imposed by any Adjudication or Order made by every such Justice, specifying the Place and Time and Manner of such Adjudication or Order, the Nature of the Offence, and the Act or Acts under which the same was adjudged, and the Name or Names of the Person or Persons on whom such Fine, Forfeiture, or Penalty was set or imposed; distinguishing whether the same was paid or levied, and what Part or Share thereof, if any, has been or shall be paid or payable to any Body or Bodies Corporate, Commissioners, or Person or Persons, with the Name and Description of such Body or Bodies, Commissioners, Person or Persons, and the Authority under which he, she, or they claimed such Part or Share; find shall annually, previous to the Michaelmas Session, pay into the Hands of every Sheriff of the County or City, and Town and County having a separate Sheriff, for which such Justice shall have acted in imposing such Fines, all such Fines, Forfeitures, or Penalties, or the Parts or Shares of such Fines, Forfeitures, or Penalties as shall be due to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; and the Sheriff or his Under Sheriff is hereby required to give an Acquittance for the fame, which shall be a full Discharge to ever)' such Justice, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, for such Fines, Forfeitures, or Penalties, or Parts or Shares thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That any Justice of the Peace shall, previous to the Michaelmas Sessions, annually transmit to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, City, or Town, or Clerk of the Town within which such Fine, Forfeiture, or Penalty shall have been imposed, an Account in Writing, dating the several Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties, which have been imposed by him, and shewing wliichhave been received by him, and from whom, and for what Offences; which Account the Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk shall enter in his Estreats with the Names of the Justices, that the Sheriff may be charged with the same in his Apposal before the Foreign Appofer, to the End that the same may be set over and answered to the Crown, in like Manner as in the case of Foxes and Forfeitures set or imposed at any Session of the Peace.

III. And be it further enacted, That as often as two or more Justices shall act together in setting or imposing any Fine, Forfeiture, or Penalty, then the said Account shall be kept, and a Copy of it shall be delivered or transmitted, and the Payment as aforesaid shall be made by such one of the said two or more Justices, as shall re-fideat or near the Place where such Adjudication or Order was made, or at or nearest the Place where such Go neral Quarter Session* shall be held.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said several Clerks of the Peace or Town Clerks, or their Deputies, thail, within ten Days next after any such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace in which such Justice shall have returned any Conviction as aforesaid, deliver to the Bailiff or Chief Constable of the Dillrift where any Person ffiaJl reside who shall by Law be entitled to any Share or Proportion of any Fines, Forfeitures, or Penalties which flull have been bad and received by any such justice as aforesaid, an Account in Writing of such Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties; which Bailiff or Chief Constable shall transmit an Account thereof to the Petty Constable of the Parish, Township, or Place where such Person shall rciide, that Notice may be given to the Person so entitled, that he may, without Delay, apply to such Justice for his Share of such Fine, Forfeiture, or Penalty.

V. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to extend to prevent the Officers of the Crown from allowing any Fines, Forfeitures, or Penalties, levied by Jutliees of the Peace for Justices' Wages, in the same Manner as other Fines are now allowed by Law; and provided also, that it ftuill be lawful for She-rSi, of any other Persons empowered to allow the fame, to have an Allowance of the same Poundage on the 7>a-Jxncc of such pines charged on them after an Allowance for Justices' Wages, in like Manner as for Fines at the AfE/ei.

VI. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent the Payment to Ifee Recover of Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by the Justices or their Clerks, in any of the seven Publick

Offices

Justices In England out ot'SeC-fion may receive and giv* Receipts for Fines and Forfeitures not payable to any Body Corjx>ratt\ ftc. or other Person, and (Kill enter Accounts thereof and pay the Amount annually to the Sheriff of the County.

The Justices shall also transmit Accounts of such Fine# and Forfeiture* to the Clerk of the Peace, St c. that the Shcviff may be charged therewith,

Wli^re two Justices shall impede Fines, Account (halt be kept, &c. and Payment m.irle by the Rcfulent Justice. CoiiftaLles on receiving Account of such I ine* tromClerk of the Trace shall give Notice to 1 he Pei i >n>' entitled thereto.

Act shall rot piew.ni Oncers o! il*c C: own from allowing Fines «o lrtjreU-fore, &c.

Nor to the Pay-xr.erU ol Fftif# in any of the

*74

frvrn FuWick Office*, under 31 G. 3, c. 53.

T)7& following additional Stamp Duties shall be pnad in Great Britain

On Playing Cards 6d. per Fa

bice is.6d. per Pair.

Probates of Wills, or betters of Ad mini d ration

For 6oo anti under x, ooool.

31.

im to am io 2m — 5m 20 5m — 10m 30 10m — 15m 50

15m — 10m roo 20m — 30m 150 30m — 40m 250 40m — 50m 350 50m — 60m 450 60m — 70m 550 70m — 80m 650 80m — 90m 750 90m - 100m 8 50 above iQOtn 940

C. 85, 86. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K) A.D. 1801.

Offices appointed by virtue of an Act, passed in the thirty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effcQual Admmft ration of the Office of Cl Justice of the Peace, in such Parts of the Counties of Middle* sex and Surrey, as tie in and near the Metropolis, and for the more cjfcdual Prevention of Felonies

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Stamp Duties x>n Cards and Dice; on Probates of Wills; on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds; and on Ale Licences.

[2d July 1801.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Bn-tainand Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences, and making a permanent Addition to the publick Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned, and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice an*Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the respective Times herein after mentioned, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several and respective Rates and Duties following; (that is to say, )

Indentures, See. liable to 3s. by 37 G. 3. c. 5°-

2s. additional. (See ante c. 10.*«)

Licences for re-tailing Ale, Scq. jos. 4d.

To prevent the double Payment of Duties, the Stamp Office shall provide a Stamp for marking Probates of Wills or Letters of Administia-tion, relating to any Ell ate in «i*rfpe£t whereof ao j Probates,

For and upon every' Pack of Playing Cards made fit for Sale or Use in Great Britain, the Sum of Sixpence

: k.

And for and upon every Pair of Dice made fit for Sale or Use in Great Britain, the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence; such respective Duties to be paid by the Maker of such Cards and Dice respectively

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, in Great Britain, any Probate of a Will, or Letters of Administration, for any Ellate of or above the Value of six hundred Pounds, and under the Value of one thousand Pounds, the Sum of three Pounds; and where the Ellate is of or above the Value of one thousand Pounds, and under two thousand Pounds, the Sum of ten Pounds; and where the Ellate is of or above the Value of two thousand Pounds, and under five thousand Pounds, the Sum of twenty Pounds; and where the Ellate is of or above the Value of five thousand Pounds, and under ten thousand Pounds, the Sum of thirty Pounds; and where the Ellate is of or above the Value of ten thousand Pounds, and under fifteen thousand Pounds, the Sum of fifty Pounds; and where the Ellate is of or above the Value of fifteen thousand Pounds, and under twenty thousand Pounds, the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and where the Ellate is of or above the Value of twenty thousand Pounds, and under thirty thousand Pounds, the Sum of one hundred and fifty Pounds; and where the Ellate is of or above the Value of thirty thousand Pounds, and under forty thousand Pounds, the Sum of two hundred and fifty Pounds; and where the Ellate is of or above the Value of forty thousand Pounds, and under the Value of fifty thousand Pounds, the Sum of three hundred and fifty Pounds; and where the Ellate is of or above the Value of fifty thousand Pounds, and under the Value ofsixty thousand Pounds, the Sum of four hundred and fifty Pounds; and where the Ellate is of or above the Value of sixty thousand Pounds, and under seventy thousand Pounds, the Sum of five hundred and fifty Pounds; and where the Ellate is of or above the ^ilueof seventy thousand Pounds, and under eighty thousand Pounds, the Sum of six hundred and fifty Pounds; and where the Ellate is of or above the Value of eighty thousand Pounds, and under ninety thousand Pounds, the Sum of seven hundred and fifty Pounds; and where the Ellate is of or above the Value of ninety thousand Pounds, and under one hundred thousand Pounds, the Sum of eight hundred and fifty Pounds; and where the Ellate is of or above the Value of one hundred thousand Pounds, the Sum of nine hundred and forty Pounds

And upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, for which a Stamp Duty of three Shillings is chargeable by an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, in Great Britain, the additional Duty of two Shillings

And upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which (hah be in-

frolTed, written, or printed, in Great Britain, any Licence, for selling Ale, Beer, 6r other exciseable Liquors by Letail in Great Britain, the additional Duty of ten Shillings and Sixpence.

Duties shall be paid over and above any Duties payable at passing this Act, and shall be under the Management* of the Commissioners for Stamps. §2."

III. 4 And whereas it is expedient that the Duties payable in respect of Probates er Letters of Adminiflra- tion, Ihouldnot be paid more than once on the same Ellate be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps, and they are hereby authorized and required to provide a Stamp or Mark distinguishable from all other Stamps or Marks used in relation to any Stamp Duties, for the Purpose of stamping or marking any Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, whereon any Probate of any Will or Letters of Administration shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, in relation to any Ellate in respect whereof any Probate or Letters of Admi-nillration shall have been before taken out, and the full Amount of the Duties payable thereon, by any Act or Acts of Parliament then in force, according to the full Value of such Ellate, shall have been duly paid and discharged; and in every Case where any Probate or Probates, or Letters of Administration, shall have been taken out, duly stamped according to the full Value of the Ellate in respect whereof the same Audi have been granted, then, and

6

m

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (17. C. 86. 175

in such Case, any further or other Probate or Letters of Administration as aforesaid, which shall be at any Time thereafter applied for or in respect of such Estate, shall and may be issued and granted upon any Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, stamped, or marked with the Stamp or Mark provided by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, for such other Probates or Letters of Administration as aforesaid; and every such other Probate or Letters of Administration which shall be duly stamped or marked with such Stamp or Mark as last afore-fiid, shall be as available in the Law, and of the like Force and Effect in all Respects whatever, as if the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper whereon the same shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, had been duly stamped with the Stamp or Mark, denoting the full Amount of the Duties payable in respect of the Probate or Letters of Administration taken out on the full Value of such Estate; any Thing in any Act or Acts, or this Act, before contained, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps, and they are hereby required to cause all Dice that shall be brought to the Head Office of Stamps for the Purpose of being stamped or marked with the Stamp or Mark provided to denote the Duties payable on Dice, to be wrapped and enclosed after the same shall have been duly stamped or marked, in a Paper Wrapper, stamped or marked with any Stamp or Mark provided for that Purpose, and fastened with a Thread or Seal, as the said Commissioners shall for that Purpose direct; and it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps, in ever)' Case where the same shall be required by the Maker of any such Dice, to provide any additional Stamp or Mark, containing the Name of such Maker, or any other Mark to distinguish the Maker thereof, and to cause the same to be printed on, or affixed to, or made Part of the Wrapper or Paper in which any such Dice shall be wrapped after the flamping thereof, in Manner herein-before directed.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Playing Cards or Dice shall be exported to any Parts beyond the Seas out of Great Britain, without being stamped for Use in Great Britain, as required by the Laws now in force, this Act, until after the Expiration of ten Days after Notice shall be given at the Head Office of Stamps by the Makers thereof, of the Quantity intended to be exported, and of the Port or Place in Great Britain from whence the same are intended to be exported, and of the Port, or Place, and Country to which the same are intended to be carried or conveyed, nor until a Certificate under the Hand of such Officer as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Stamps, expressing the several Matters required in such Notice, and also certifying that Bond has been given according to the Provisions of this Act for the Exportation thereof, be delivered to the Proper Officer of the Customs at such Port or Place in Great Britain, which Certificate shall be given without Fee or Reward, nor shall any such Cards or Dice be laden or put on Board any Ship or Vessel but in the Pre fence of the Proper Officer of the Customs, and according to the Laws now in force for exporting Non-enumerated Goods from Great Britain.

&c. shall have been before taken out, and the Duties then payable discharged.

Stamp Office shall cause Dice to be enclosed, after being duly stamped, in a Wrapper, and may mark the Name of the Dice Maker thereon.

No Cards or Dice shall he exported without being stamped, until after ten Days Notice at the Head Office of Stamps of the Quantity intended to be exported, it c. nor until a Certificate be delivered to the Officer of the Customs at the Port, nor shall any be shipped but in Presence of the Officer.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Maker or Makers of Cards or Dice to remove the same from the Place where the same shall be made without Payment of Duties for the fame, provided the lame be duly marked and stamped for Exportation, and provided that before the same shall be so removed', a Bond be entered into to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, with sufficient Surety or Sureties to be approved of by the Commissioners of Stamps, or the major Part of them, or the Person by them appointed for that Purpose in Treble the Amount of all the Duties that would be payable on such Cards or Dice respectively, if the same had been made for Use in Great Britain, with a Condition to export such Cards or Dice into some Port or Part beyond the Sea* within a Time to be limited in such Bond, and to land the same (the Dangers of the Seas excepted, ) in the Port or Place in foreign Parts to be mentioned in such Bond, and which shall be the same Port or Place mentioned in the Certificate of the Officer of Stamp Duties as aforesaid, and not to lade or put any of the same on Board any other Ship or Vessel, either in any Port or Place in Great Britain or elsewhere, or at open Sea, and that the same or any of them shall not be re-landed in any Part of Great Britain, which Bond shall be lodged with the Commissioners of Stamps, or the Officer appointed by them for that Purpose, and shall and may be prosecuted for any Breach thereof, according to the Law now in force, in Relation to any Duties upon Stamped Vel-Dm, Parchment, or Paper.

VII. And be it further enacted, That such Bond herein-before directed to be given, shall be discharged in Manner herein after mentioned; (that is to say, ) for such of the said Cards or Dice as shall be entered to be landed in Ireland, the Condition of the Bond shall be to bring in a Certificate in Discharge thereof within six Months from the Date of the Bond; and within twelve Months for such of the said Cards or Dice as shall be entered for cr landed in any other Port or Place in Europe; and within eighteen Months for such of the said Cards or Dice at shall be entered for or landed in any of his Majesty's Plantations in America or Africa, or any of the United £v<ites of America; and within twenty-four Months for such of the said Cards or Dice as (half be entered for or landed in any Port or Place at or beyond the Cape of Good HotV; which said Certificate for such Cards or Dice as aforesaid as shall be landed in any Port or Place where any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs shall be rxfident, shall be signed by the proper Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs there, importing that such Cards cr Dice were there landed, testifying the Landing thereof; and if no Officer of his Majesty's Customs shall be re-£<±ent in such Port or Place where such Cards or Dice shall be landed, such Certificate shall be ligned by the Hricjjl Consul or other Person ailing as such there, importing that such Cards or Dice were there landed, testi-f> a: g the landing thereof; and if no Officer of his Majesty's Customs, or British Consul, or other Person acting as farh, shall be resident in such Port or Place where such Cards or Dice shall be landed, such Certificate shall be under the Common Seal of the Chief Magistrate in such Port or Place, or under the Hands and Seals of two InoWD British Merchants, then being at such Port or Place, that such Cards or Dice we»*c there landed; or such or Bonds shall be discharged upon Proof, in either oi the said Cases, that such Cards were taken by Enemies,

Cards or Dice may be temoved from where made without Payment of Duty, if stamped lor Exportation; and Bond be given \* ith < < r-taui Cviuiui*.H.

How Bonds shall be dil barged.

"1

4S < G. 1.

c. rq. limiting the Period of putting in Suit Bond*for Exportation ot Cards or Dice, repealed.

Ciids or Dice e .jvuted cun-tl t jilus Act, 01 rc-lanoedafter Entry for Exportation, or found in any uner.leied Place, or summing without being stamped, except

r.uo3, or perished in the Seas, or by Tire, the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the Judgement of the said Commission\cr$ of Stamps, or the major Part of them for the Time being.

VIII. And be it further evaded, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George the First, intituled, An Act for redeeming the l: md of* preprinted for the Payment of the Lottery Tickets 'which <wcrc inside forth for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten, by a voluntary Subscription of the Proprietors into the Capital Stork of the South S.a Company / and for raising a Sum of Money^ to pay off such Debts and Incumbrances as are therein mentioned; and for appropriating the Sup* plies granted in this Session of Parliament; and to limit Times for Profccvtior.s t.pnn Bonds for exporting Cards and Dice, as limits the Period within which Bonds given upon the Exportation of Cards or Dice must be put in Suit and prosecuted, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all playing Cards and Dice made fit for Sale or Use in Great Britain, which shall be exported contrary to this Act, or which shall be re-landed after Entry thereof for Exportation, or which, after such Entry' for Exportation, shall be found in any Place, not being an entered Place for making of the same, or which shall be found removing from Place to Place in Great Britain, without being stamped or marked as aforesaid, except for the Purpose of exporting the same under the Regulations of this Act: , shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any'Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, and may be proceeded \ipon to Condemnation as any non-enumerated Goods forfeited and fei'/ed may be proce-ded Upon by the Laws now in force in relation to his Majesty's Revenue of Cutloms or Exche respectively, as the Calc may be.

for Exportation, shall be forfeited.

No Cards or P rv shall be so)'! in Great 3, r ain unless duly jtamped, and the Wrapper fnilene; ! according to I .aw, upon Penalty of their Forfeiture and 1 oh

*9 G. 2. c. ti.

§ 19. exempting from Licences A'le-houses within certain Limits, in Scotland shall, from Nov. 1, i8ot, be repealed, and thereafter no Pcison shall keep an Ale-house, fee. un-Jcfs annually li-SjonCed,

35 G. 3. 113.

recited.

From Nov. i, j^ot, Persons selling Ale, See. by Retail in Scotland, (except in Fuii ») without Licence, liable to Penalty of 20l.

and last recited Act extended to Scotland.

X. Andi>e it further enacted, That no playing Cards or Dice shall be sold or exposed to Sale in any Place in Great Britain, unless the same shall have been respectively duly stamped or marked, and unkfs one of the Cards of each Pack of such Cards shall, at the Time of such felling or exposing to Sale, be actually stamped or marked on the spotted or painted Side thereof, with such Mark or Marks as the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the said Stamp Duties shall direct or appoint, as the proper Stamp or Mark for Playing Cards, and unless the Thread or Paper, or Wrapper inclosing such Cards or Dice respectively, shall be sealed, stamped, marked, or fattened according to the Law now in force and the Provisions of this Act, upon Pain that every Person or Persons who shall fell, or expose to Sale, any such Cards or Dice which shall not have been so respectively marked or stamped, and so respectively wrapped, inclosed, or fattened, as hereby and by the said Laws now in force is and are respectively required, shall forfeit for every Pack or Parcel of inch Cards, and every one -of such Dice so fold or exposed to Sale, the Sum of ten Pounds, with full Coils of Suit, to be recovered and distributed as any Penalty imposed by any of the said Laws now in force relating to the former Duties on Cards and Dice are to be recovered and distributed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Provision in an Act of Parliament passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the*Tecond, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty upon 1licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors; and for establishing a Method for granting such Licences in Scotland; and for allowing such Licences to be granted at a Petty Sect on in England, in a certain Case therein mentioned, whereby it is enacted, that nothing in the said Act should extend, or be construed to extend, to charge any Licence for keeping any Ale-house, Tipling-house, Vjdualling-house, or Place for the Sale of Ale, Beer, and other exciseable Liquors by Retail, situated upon or near the King's Military Road or Roads made or to be made in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, at the publick Charge, and not being within any Royal Burgh, nor within the Burghs of Dumblain, Muthill, .Cries, Dunkeld, or within one Mile of any of the said Royal Burghs or Burgh, with any Duty thereby directed to be paid, levied, or received, and that all such Licences should be granted by the Justices of the Peace of the respective Shires and Stewartries where such Roads lie, on Payment of one Shilling for each Licence to the Clerk of the Peace of the Shire or Stewartry for his TVouble only, shall, from and after the first Day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, be, and the same is hereby repealed j and that from and after the said first Day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, no Person whatever shall keep any Ade-house, Tipling-house, or Victualling-house, or sell Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors by Retail, but such Persons only who shall be annually thereto admitted, allowed, and licensed according to the Directions of the several Acts in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act; any Thing in the aforesaid Act of Parliament passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. 4 And whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of selling Ale and other Liquors by Persons not duly licensed, should be extended to Scotland be it further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, every Person in Scotland who shall keep an Alc-house, Tipling-house, or Victualling-house, or shall sell Ale, Beer; or other exciseable Liquors by Retail, except in Fairs, without being licensed thereto according to the DirtClions of the several Acts now in force, shall be liable to the Penalty of twenty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain; which Penalty and Forfeiture shall be recovered and applied as by the said Act is directed; and that all other the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and other Matters and Things prescribed in the said Act, witH respect to England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, shall extend to Scotland in like Manner, and be applied, ana put in Practice in Scotland as if the said Act had been expressly extended thereto.

Licences 10 sell Ale, &c. by Retail in Scotland, may be granted on or

XIII. 4 And whereas it is expedient that Licences to keep Ale-hpufcs, Tipling-houses, or VidualKvifrhouses, or to sell Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors by Retail in Scotland, should be granted on orimmediately after the fifteenth Day of May in each Year, as well as at the Period now fixed by Law for granting such Licences be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, Magistrates, or

ther

I A.D. 180x, 41° GEORGII III. AT.) C. 86, 87.

other Persons empowered by any Law, or Act or Acts now in force, to grant Licences to keep Ale-houses,

Tipling-houses, or Victualling-houses, or to sell Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors by Retail in Scotland, to grant such Licences on or immediately after the fifteenth Day of May in each Year, in like Manner and with all such and the like Powers, and under and subject to the like Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Licences are now by Law granted, on or immediately after the first Day of November in each Year; and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things in any Act or Acts contained now in force, relating to the granting any such Licence in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, at the Period in each Year at which the same may now be granted by Law, shall extend to, and be in full Force in relation to the granting such Licences at the Period in each Year in this Act mentioned, and shall be applied and enforced, and put in Practice in like Manner in every Respect for that Purpose, as if all such Clauses, Powers, Provisoes, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things were severally and separately re-enacted in, and made Part of this Act; any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

" Indentures, &c. made before December 5, 1801, on the Stamps required by Law, on or before July 5, 1801, " may be stamped with the additional Duty granted by Cap. 10 of this Session and this Act, on Payment u thereof before said fifth December. §14."

XV. 4 And whereas it is expedient, that further Time should be given for the flamping, without the Pay-

raent of any Penalty, certain Leases of Lands or Tenements of small Value, for a Term not exceeding twenty-one Years, which by Law may form, or be intended to form, a Part of any Conveyance of Lands or

Tenements, whereby a greater Interest in the same should be conveyed than a Term of twenty-one Years, whatever may be the Value thereof be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, upon the Production of any such Deed as aforesaid that shall have been executed at any Time before the pafHng of this Act, to the said Commissioners or any one of them, for the Purpose of being damped at any Time within twelve Months from the passing of this Act, to cause such Deed to be ilamped upon Payment of the Duty granted thereon, without any Penalty whatever; and every Person concerned in ingrossing, writing, or printing, any such Deed, or in making or executing the fame, shall be, and is hereby freed, discharged, and indemnified from all Penalties and Forfeitures that shall have arisen or may arise in respect of such Deed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Stamp, directed or allowed to be used by this Att, or provided, made, or used, for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this Act granted as aforesaid, or any of them, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, or shall utter, vend, or sell, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, liable to any Stamp Duty by this Act imposed, with such counterfeit Stamp or Mark thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit, or shall privately use any Stamp, directed or allowed to be used by this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty of the said Duties, or shall counterfeit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any Mark or Name provided by the said Commissioners under this Act, for the wrapping or inclosing any Dice, or making any Part of, or being affixed to any such Wrapper, then every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

Powers of Aftsnow in force relating to Stamp Duties extended to Duties under this Act. §17." 44 Duties

shall be paid to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties, and by him into the Exchequer, and carried to the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain. 6 18." 44 Application of Duties. §19." 44 Limitation of Actions against Persons acting under this Act, six Months: which shall be brought in the proper County, &c. General 44 I fine. Treble Costs. £ 20."

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties hereby granted, shall respectively commence and take effect as follows; (that is to say, ) The said Duties on Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds, and the said Duties on Licences for selling Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors, from and after the filth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, the said Duties on Playing Cards and Dice, from and after the first Day of August one thousand eight hundred and one, and the said Duties on Probates of Wills and Letters of Administration, from and after the tenth Day of October one thousand eight hundred and one.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Playing Cards imported into Great Britain.

[id July 1801.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great 4 V\ Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences, and making a permanent Addition to the publick Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several Duties of Customs after mentioned; and do most humbly l*feecn your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of Amgufi one thousand eight hundred and one, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout Great Britain, unto his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successora, in ready Money, without any Dil'count whatever, upon the Importation into that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, the several Duties of Customs following; that is to say,

Playing Cards imported i:

41 Geo. III. (U.K.) A a For

r77

immediately after May 15, as they are now by Law granted on or alter Nov. i, yearly.

Leases of Lands, 6tc. of small Value forming Part of a Conveycncc, whereby a greater In-lercft shall be conveyed than 21 Years, may be stamped within 12 Months after patting this Act* on Payment of the Duty, without any Penalty. Persons counterfeiting Stamps,

' See. shall be guilty of Felony without Clergy.

Commencement of Duties.

After Aug. 1. i">oi, the following; id<ji-tional Duties of Customs shall be paid on to Creal Eutaiu.

From foreign Part* (except Ireland) il. is. From I reland 6d.

Duties shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs.

The Sheriffs in Ireland shall, at

every Alfi/.cs, pwvide suitable Accommodations for the Judges, and discharge the Expences thereof. Judges shall examine and certify the Amount of such Expences before Payment. Such Expences shall be a Charge on the Confuli-lated Fund of Ireland, and not to exceed 2of. at one

i* Geo. 3-C. 13. (Table D.)

Infreadof the Duty of Custom* payable according to the said Table, thcic ih; 'U be paid on all Sculptured

C. 87, 88, 89. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

For and upon every dozen Packs of Playing Cards imported into Great Britain (except from Ireland), an additional Duty of one Pound and one Shilling:

For and upon every Pack of Playing Cards imported into Great Britain from Ireland, an additional Duty of Sixpence.

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties of Customs by this Act imposed, as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time being, and such as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the Time being.

Duties shall be levied as the former Duties granted by 27 Geo. 3. cap. 13, &c. except as altered by sub-" sequent Acts. Goods shall be subject to the Regulations of all Acts in force on August 1, 1801, and the Penalties of all Adb in force at the making of this Act shall be extended to this Act. §3." 44 Monies shall be

paid into the Exchequer, and carried to the British Consolidated Fund. §4." 44 Application of Monies, [as

under § S, of cap. 28 of this Sfjtoni] §5."

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act for providing Accommodations in Assize Towns for the Judges in Ireland, where such Accommodations are not already provided.*[2d July 1801.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, having taken into Consideration the Expediency of pro- 4 viding Accommodations in all such Cities and Towns in Ireland, in which Assizes and Commissions of Oyer

and Terminer and Gaol Delivery are held, where such Accommodations are not already sufficiently provided for the Judges of Assize who shall be appointed to hold the Assizes in the several Counties, Counties of

Cities, and Counties of Towns, within their respective Circuits throughout Ireland, and for their Servants*

Horses, and Carriages, do most humbly bcfeecli your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Sheriffs in Ireland, in their respective Counties, shall, at every Assizes and Gaol Delivery in such Towns w here the same shall be held, and where such Accommodations are not already and shall not continue to be sufficiently'provided, provide sufficient and suitable furnished Apartments for the Lodging and Accommodation of this Judges of Assize, and of Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, and their respective Servants, and Stables for their Horses, and Coach-Houses or other fit Places for their Carriages, during the Continuance of such Assizes, and shall pay and discharge all Expences attending the same.

II. And be it enacted, That such Sheriffs respectively shall, at the End of every Assizes or Gaol Delivery, make out an Account of the Expence which shall be incurred by the Means aforesaid, and the several Judges of Assize and Gaol Delivery respectively are hereby required to examine into the fame, and to certify thereon the Amount of the Expences which such Sheriff ought reasonably to pay in respect of the Matters aforesaid.

III. And be it enacted, That such Sums as shall have been so certified shall be a Charge on the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, and shall be paid to the respective Sheriffs thereout, and upon Production to the Commissionera for the Time being, for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland of such Certificates as aforesaid, such Sums shall be issued and paid by virtue of this Act to the several Sheriffs who, by such Certificates, shall appear to be entitled thereto respectively, without any further Warrant on that, Behalf: Provided always, That no greater Sum than twenty Pounds shall be allowed or paid for such Expences as aforesaid, at one Assize or Gaol Delivery.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for repealing the Duty now payable on the Importation of Statues, Wrought Stone, and Marble, and granting another Duty in lieu thereof. [ad July 1801.]

WHEREAS Sculptured Marble and Statuary is now subject to a Duty of Customs granted by an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and pxcise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the publick Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King,

into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt, on non-enumerated Goods, Wares, and Merchaudiz-es,

according to the Value thereof: And whereas great Difficulty often arises in ascertaining the Value of such Articles; for Remedy whereof/ be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after passing of this Act, the Duty of Customs now payable under the Provisions of the said Act, on Sculptured Marble and Statuary, as non-enumerated Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, shall wholly cease and determine, and that in lieu and instead thereof, there shall be raised, levied, and paid upon all Sculptured Marble or Statuary imported into Great Britain, front Foreign Ports, a Duty of Customs of Threepence per Pound Avoirdupois for every Pound Weight of any such* Sculptured Marble and Statuary: Provided always, That if any Statue, Group of Figures, or other

Stone

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.)

C. 89, 90.

79

Stone or Marble Omwnent carved out of the same Block, shall exceed one Ton Weight, the Duty to be Marble import. charged thereon shall be estimated at the Rate payable for one Ton Weight, and no more. ed into Great Britain, 3d. per Ih.; but if any Statue, &c. shall exceed one Ton, the Duty shall be paid for one Ton only.

Duties shall be under the Management of the respective Commissioners of Customs in England and Scotland*

2." " Duties shall be levied as the former Duties under 27 Geo. 3. cap. 13, &c. §3. M Monies shall be

paid into the Exchequer and carried to the British Consolidated Fund* §4."

CAP. XC.

An Act for the more fyeedy and effectual Recovery of Debts due to his Majesty, his heirs and Successors, in Right of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and for the better Administration of Justice within the same.

[2d July 1801.]

4 TT'OR the more speedy and effectual Recovery of Debts due to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in jl Right of the Imperial Crown of this Realm, and for the better Administration of Justice within the fame be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, in all Cases where, upon any Account duly audited, when, upon declared, or recorded in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great any Account Britain, and Ireland called England, or upon any Judgment or Decree of the same Court of Exchequer, any Debt or Duty shall be due to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Copy of such declared Account, Judgment, or Decree, shall, upon Application to the said Court, made on Behalf of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, be forthwith exemplified and transmitted, under the Seal of the said Court of Exchequer, to his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland 5 which said last mentioned Court shall, upon the said Copy so exemplified being laid before them, forthwith cause the same to be inrolled in the Rolls of the said Court of Exchequer in Ireland; and upon the same being so inrolled, the said Court shall cause Process to issue for levying and recovering the Debt due on such declared Account, or for which such Judgment or Decree shall have been so obtained, as well against the Person of the Debtor upon such declared Account, or against whom such Judgment or Decree shall have been so obtained, as against his real and personal Estate, situate, lying, and being in that Part of the United Kingdom -called Ireland, as folly and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as by the Course and Practice of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in that Part of the said United Kingdom called England is or may be now awarded and issued by the same Court*

shall be inrolled, and Process issued against the Debtor's Body and Effe&i there.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriff or other proper Officer to whom such Process shall be so Sheriff shall ac-directed, shall be compelled to account to the said Court of Exchequer for the due Execution of such Process; and the Chancellor and Barons of the said Court shall take care that all Monies levied by virtue of such Process shall be duly paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer in Ireland, and the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer therein, shall, so soon as conveniently may be, cause the same to be remitted and paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England.

English Exchequer*

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in all the Cases where, upon In like Manner,

any such declared Account duly recorded in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in that Part of the United ^here on any Kingdom of Great Britain called Ireland, or upon any Judgment or Decree obtained in the said Court of

Exchequer in Ireland, any Debt shall be due to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Copy of such declared til*

Account, Judgement, or Decree, shall, upon Application to the said Court made on behalf of his Majesty, Court ot Exche-kis Heirs and Successors, be forthwith exemplified and transmitted under the Seal of the said Court of Exchequer in Ireland, quer to his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in that Part of Great Britain called England5 which said last men-c- Debl tioned Court shall, upon the said Copy so exemplified being laid before them, forthwith cause the same to be M'ftUCthe inrolled in the Rolls of the said Court of Exchequer in England, and upon the same being so inrolled, the said fa<nc Reguf*. Coart shall cause Process to issue for levying and recovering the Debt due upon such declared Account, or for tions shall be, which such Judgment or Decree shall have been so obtained, as well against the Person of the Debtor against observed for ike whom Judgment or Decree shall have been so obtained, as against his Real and Personal Estate, situate, lying, In

and being in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Pur- n* an poses, as by the Usage and Praftke of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland, is or may be now awarded and issued by the said Court.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriff or other proper Officer to whom such Process shall be so directed, shall be compelled to account to the said Court of Exchequer for the due Execution of such Process, and the Chancellor and Barons of the said Court shall take care that all Monies levied by virtue of foclf Process shall be duly paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer in England, and the Lord High Treasurer of England,

r Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer therein, (hafif, so soon as conveniently may be, cause the same to be remitted and paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland\

declared or recorded in the Court of Exchequer in England, or onjudgment of that Court, any Debt shall be due to his Majesty, a Copy of such Account, Ice. {half on Application, be exemplified*and transmitted to the Exchequer Court in Ireland, where is

count for Execution of the Process; and the money levied shall be paid inte the Irish Exchequer, and remitted to the

V. And be it further enacted, That in Cases where, in any Suit between Party and Party, or in any Matter r Proceeding by Petition in Cases of Minors, Bankrupts, Idiots, or Lunaticks, any Decree shall be pro-

Sheriff shall account for the Execution of tlif Process, and Monty levied" shall be paid fnW English Exchequer, and ro 1 mined to IreLndi

Where, in any Suit between Party and Party,

or in any Proceeding in Cases

of Miners, &c. Orders ih.nrH be made for Payment of Money, A c. hv the Court of Chancery in England, a Copy thereof shall be certified to the Court of Chancery in Ireland, where it shall be inrolled, and Process shall be issued to enforce Obedience, &c.

And where such Orders shall be made by the Court of Chancery in Ireland, a Copy thereof shall be certified to the Court of Chancery in England, where it dull be inrolled; and Pro-cef* shall be issued to enforce Obedience, lie.

Ordei s for Payment of Money, made by the Oourt of Exchequer in England, shall, on Application, be certified to the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, where they (hat! fie inrolled, and Procefe issued to enforce Obedience, &c.

And Orders made by the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, mall, on Application, be certified to the Court of Exchequer in England, where they shall be in-wiieJ, and Pro-

nounced, or any Order made for Payment, or for accounting for Money, by the High Court of Chancery in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of England, for the Time being respectively, shall, upon Application made to him or them respectively, cause a Copy of such Order or Decree to be exemplified and Certified to the Court of Chancery in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, under the Great Seal of England; and the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Ireland, shall forthwith cause such Order or Decree, when it shall be presented to them respectively so exemplified, to be inrolled in the Rolls of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, and shall cause Process of Attachment and Committal to issue against the Person of the Party against whom such Order or Decree shall have been made respectively, in order to enforce Obedience to and Performance of the same, as fully and effectually, to att Intents and Purposes, as if such Order or Decree had been originally pronounced in the said Court of Chancery in Ireland; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Ireland for the Time being, from Time to Time, to make Orders upon Petition as the Occasion may require for Payment of Money levied under such Process as aforesaid, into the Bank of Ireland, with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said Court, to the Credit, and for the Benefit of the Party who shall have obtained such Order or Decree; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland are hereby authorized and required to receive and hold all such Monies, subject to the Orders of the said Court of Chancery: Provided always, That no such Monies shall be charged with, or fubie£t to Poundage for the Uilier of the said Court of Chancery in Ireland, when the same shall be paid out by Order of the said Court.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where, in any Suit between Party and Party, any Decree shall be pronounced, or any Order made for Payment, or for accounting for Money, by the High Court of Chancery in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, the Loid Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Ireland for the Time being respectively, shall, upon Application made to him or them respectively, cause a Copy of such Order or Deer-e to be exemplified and certified to the Court of Chancery in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, under the Great Seal of Ireland; and the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of England, shall forthwith cause such Order or Decree, when it shall be presented to them respectively so exemplified, to be inrolled in the Rolls of the High Court of Chancery in England, and shall cause Process of Attachment and Committal to issue against the Person of the Party against whom such Order or Decree shall have been made respectively, in order to enforce-Obedience to and Performance of the same, as fully and effectually* to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Order or Decree had been originally pronounced in the said Court of Chancery in England, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lord* Commissioners of the Great Seal of England for the Time being, from Time to Time, to make Orders upon Petition, as the Occasion may require, for Payment of Money levied under such Process as aforesaid, into the Bank of England, with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said Court, to the Credit and for the Benefit of the Party who shall have obtained such Order or Decree; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby authorized and required to receive and hold all such Monies, subject to the Order of the said Court of Chancery: Provided always, That no such Monies shall be charged with or subject t<» Poundage, when the same shall be paid out by Order of the said Court*

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Suit between Party and Party, any Decree shall be pronounced, or any Order made for Payment, or for accounting for Money, by the Barons 01 his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Lord Chief Baron, or any one of the Barons of the said Court for the Time being, shall, upon Application made to them respectively, cause a Copy: of such Order or Decree to be exemplified and certified to the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, under the Seal of the said Court of Exchequer of England; and the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer in Ireland shall forthwith cause such Order or Decree, when it shall be presented to them so exemplified, to be inrolled in the Rolls of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland*, and shall cause Process of Attachment and Committal to issue against the Person of the Party against whom foci* Order or Decree shall have been made respectively, in order to enforce Obedience to, and Performance of the ferae, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Order or Decree had been originally pronounced in the said Court of Exchequer in Ireland: And it shall and may be lawful to and for the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland for the Time being, from Time to Time, to make Orders upon Petition, as> the Occasion may require, for Payment of Money levied under such Process as aforesaid, into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name of the Deputy Remembrancer of the said Court, in Trust for the Benefit of the Party who shall have obtained such Order or Decree; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland are hereby authorized and required to receive and hold all such Monies subject to the Orders of the said Court of Exchequer: Provided always, That no such Monies shall be charged with or subject to Poundage, when the feme (half be paid out by Order of the said Court.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where, in any Suit between Party and Party, any Decree, shall be pronounced, or any Order made for Payment, or for accounting for Money, by the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, the Lord. Chief Baron, or any one of the Barons of the said Court for the Time being, shall, upon Application made to them respectively, cause a Copy of such Order or Decree to be exemplified and certified to the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, under the Seal of the said Court of Exchequer in Ireland; and the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer m England, shall forth with cause such Order or Deci-ee, when it shall be presented to them so exemplified, to be inrolled in the Rolls of the Court of Exchequer in England, and shall cause Process of Attachment and Committal to issue against the Person of the Party

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. ( .) C. 90, 91. 181

against whom such Order or Decree shall have been made respectively, in Order to enforce Obedience to, and CCJ* 10 Performance of the same, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Order or Decree £CC/

had been originally pronoiuiced in the said Court of Exchequer in England; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in England\ for the Time being, from Time to Time, to make Orders upon Petition as the Occasion may require, for Payment of Money levied under such Proccfa as aforesaid into the Bank of England\ in the Name or the Deputy Remembrancer of the said Court, in Trust for the Benefit of the Party who shall have obtained such Order or Decree, and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby authorized and required to receive and hold all such Monies, subject to the Orders of the said Court of Exchequer: Provided always, That no such Monies shall be charged with or subject to Poundage, when the same shall be paid out by Order of the said Court.

IX. And, for the better and more effectual Proof of the Statute Law of the Kingdoms of Great Britain and The Statutes of Ireland, and of England and Ireland, previous to the Union of the said Kingdoms, in all Courts of Civil and England, and of Criminal Jorifdiction in every Part of the said United Kingdom; be it enacted, That the Copy of the Statutes Great Britain, of the Kingdom of England, and of the Kingdom of Great Britain since the Union with Scotland, printed and published by the Printer duly authorized to print and publish the same by his Majesty, or by any of his Royal King's Printer Predecessors, shall be received as condusive Evidence of the several Statutes made and enabled prior to the shall be received Union of the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, by the Parliaments of England and Great Britain re- as condusive spefbvely, in all Suits, Actions, or Prosecutions respectively, commenced, inilituted, or carried on, or to be Ireland

commenced, instituted, or carried on, in any Court of Civil or Criminal Jurisdiction, in that Part of the United the Sututes*

Kingdom called Ireland \ and in like Manner the Copy of the Statutes of the Kingdom of Ireland, made and of Ireland prior enacted by the Parliament of the same, prior to the Union of the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and to the Union, printed and published by the Printer, duly authorized by his Majesty, or any of his Royal Predecessors, to print f° Pr.inted and and publish the fame, shall be received as condusive Evidence of the several Statutes made and enacted by the Mamier

Parliament of Ireland, prior to the Union of the Kingdoms of Great Britain And Ireland, in all Suits, Actions, ^e Evidence in r Prosecutions respectively, commenced, instituted, or carried on, or to be commenced, ir.stituted, or car- any Court in ried on, m any Court of Civil or Criminal Jurisdiction, in that Part of the United Kingdom, called Great Great Biiuin-Britain.

CAP. XCL

An Act for the better Regulation and Collection of certain Duties of Excise. [ad July 1801.]

WHEREAS by the Laws now m force in Great Britain, every Maltster and Maker of Malt is liable to the

Penalty of five Shillings for every Buftiel of Corn or Grain in the Couch, deeped in order to the

making thereof into Malt, and found in the Malt-house of such Maltster, so hard, close, and compa&, as it

could not be, unless the lame had by some Means or other been forced together to prevent the rising and swelling

thereof 2 And whereas no Means are hitherto provided for the Officers of Excise to establish, by Experiment,

whether any such Corn or Grain has been in reality so forced together; and it is therefore expedient that the

Paw and Authority herein after mentioned should be given for the Purpose of making such Experiment , he k therefore ent&ed by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That k fhatf and may be Iswrul to and for any §upervisor, and any other Officer of Excise in Great Britain^ by themselves, or by any Person or Persons by them employed for that Purpose, in the Presence of fadk Makfter, or his, her, or their Servant, (if such Maltster or Servant shall think fit to be present at such Operation ), to throw or remove all the Corn or Grain from or out of any Couch which such Supervisor or Officer Jhal suspeA to have been forced together, and to throw and lay the same level in such Mc.Ithouse; and if any larwsfr shall be found in the Gauge or Quantity of such Corn or Grain, on the Removal and laying the same level as afiordasd, exceeding the Rate of one Bushel in every twenty Bushels over and above the Quantity which the same appeared to be by the previous Gauge thereof taken in the Couch, then, and in every such Case, Proof being made of such Increase as aforesaid, the same shall be deemed condusive Evidence, that such Maltster, or Maker of Malt, did tread, ram, or otherwise force together the said Corn or Grain in the Couch, or that the fane was so hard, dole, and compact, as it could not be, unless the same had by some Means or other been

together to prevent the rising and swelling thereof; and such Maltster, or Maker of Malt, shall forfeit and the Sum of fore Shillings for every Bushel of such Corn or Grain of such Couch.

Esrife Officers may remove Grain from the Couch and lay it level in the Malt-house, and if it exceeds one Bushel in 20 above the Gauge taken in the Couch, it Dull be considered at forced together, and the Maltster shall forfeit 5s. pci Buftiel.

!L And whereas the Laws in force relating to the Duty of Excise imposed for and in respect of Bric ks After August 5*

- dr in Great Britain, prescribe no Dimensions for such Bricks, and many Brick-makers have of late made

Bocks ot very unusually large Sizes, whereby the said Duty is likely to be greatly diminished, and it is there- JnenJ£J^0l-

fort expedient to provide a Remedy against the Mischief which would arise to the Revenue, should the making inches long,

of Bricks of such targe Sizes become general be it therefore enacted, That from and after the fifth Day of 3 thick, and 5 j$mgnM nne thousand eight hundred and one, if any Person or Persons shall make any Bricks in Great Britain, ride, before re-wfack, while drying or hardening in the Field, Shed, or other Place 01* Tlaces where the same shall be made

or prepared after being turned out of the Moulds, and before removed to the Kiln or Clamp for burning, shall «itl»

be sound to exceed any of the following Dimensions, that i6 to say, ten Inches long, three Inches thick, and an additional fane laches wide, the Maker or Makers of such Bricks shall be, and he and they is and are hereby made charge- Duty ot 5s. per able with, mad shall, over and above all other Duties now payable on such or any other Bricks by Law, pay an >toc. additional Duty of five Shillings for every thousand of such Bricks, and so in proportion for any greater or Irin Qiumthy of such Bricks; and the Officers of Excise are hereby required to make their Charge of Duty accordingly; which laid additional Duty on such Bricks, exceeding any of the Dimensions aforesaid, shall be

paid

i8a

After July t,

I ior, any Commodity raanu-farmed in Imitation of Coffee, or found in the Custody of any Dealer in Coffee, fliJl be forfeited, and the Maker or Dealer in vrhofe Custody found, shall forfeit 50l. Incase of Seizure of such Commodity, Pioof thatit is not nvide in Imitation of Coff»*e shall lie on the Owner by the Oath of two credible Witnesses.^6 of 38 G. 3> c. 54. respc*iting furling ot Cerli-h'.ales, lepe.lied.

From July of 1301, Persons forging Certificate* required to l>c granted by Officers of Ex-eife, or know -3ugly giving or receiving false Certificates, ice shall be adjudged guiliy of Felony, and be transported for seven Years.

*4 G. 3. St. 2. c. 56.

Seizures made by Commanders of Ships of War, under 26 G. 3.

C. 40. §2-\ Of Goods liable to Excise Duty, may be lodged !n any of his Majesty's Ware-hou fes of Excise in Great Britain under the Care of the proper Of-kcvi, itc.

C. 91. 41° GEORGII III. (IT. K.) A.D. 1801.

paid by all and every such Maker and Makers, at the respective Times, and in the same Manner, and under the like Rules, Regulations, and Penalties, as the other Duties of Excise charged and chargeable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force relating to Bricks made in Great Britain are now made chargeable and payable; and the said additional Duty shall be applied in like Manner as theiaid Duties by Law inpofedfor or in respect of Bricks made in Great Britain are now by Law directed to be applied.

III. 4 And whereas Commodities made in Imitation of, and intended to be sold and made use of as Subfli*

tutes for Coffee have of late been found in the Custody and Possession of various Dealers in Coffee in Great Britain, and it is therefore expedient to make such Provision as is herein after mentioned, be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, if any Commodity manufactured in Imitation of, or to resemble Coffee, or to serve as a Substitute for Coffee, or alledged so to be, shall be made for Sale, or fold, or shall be found in the Custody or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Coffee in Great Britain, the same shall be forfeited, together with the Packages containing the fame, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Person or Persons so making or felling the fame, or the Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Coffee, in whose Custody or Possession the same shall be found, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Commodity shall be seized by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, as being a Commodity manufactured in Imitation of, or to resemble Coffee, or to serve as a Substitute for Coffee; or if any Action shall be brought by the Owner or Claimer of any such Commodity against any Officer or Officers of Excise, or any Person acting m his or their Assistance, for such Seizure of any such Commodity, the Proof that the Commodity so seized is not a Commodity manufactured in Imitation of Coffee, or to resemble Coffee, or to serve as a Substitute for Coffee, shall lie upon the Owner or Claimer thereof, by the Oaths of two credible Witnesses, being skilful and experienced Persons, competent to decide, by Inspection and Exa-mination thereof.

V. And whereas by a Clause in an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend several Laws of Excise relating to Coach-makers, Auctioneers, Beer and Cyder exported\

Certificates and Debentures, Stamps on Hides and Skins, Drawbacks on Wines and Sweets, and Ale and Beer Licences, it was enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatever should counterfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Certificate authorized or required to be granted by any Officer or Officers of Excise, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of that Act, and relating to any of the Duties of Excise $ or if any Person or Persons should knowingly or willingly give any false or untrue Certificate as aforesaid, or should knowingly or willingly accept or receive any falle or untrue Certificate as aforesaid, or if any Person or Persons should fraudulently alter or erase any such true Certificate, after the same should have been given or granted by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, or if any Person or Persons should knowingly or willingly publish, or make use of any such Certificate so counterfeited, forged, false, untrue, altered, dr erased, every Person or Persons so offending, should, for each and every such Offence, severally forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds; And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said recited Clause, and in lieu thereof to direct that every Person or Persons so offending shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and subject to such Punishment as is herein after directed; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, the said recited Clause shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, if any Person or Persons whatever shall counterfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Certificate authorized or required to be granted by any Officer or Officers of Excise, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, and relating to any of the Duties of Excise, or if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or wiR lingly give any false or untrue Certificate as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any false or untrue Certificate as aforesaid, or if any Person or Persons shall fraudulently alter or erase any such true Certificate, after the same shall have been given or granted by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, or if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly publish or make use of any such Certificate so counterfeited, forged, false, untrue, altered or erased, then, and in every such Case, the rerson or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall for such his, her, or their Offence be transported as a Felon or Felons for the Space of Seven Years, in such Manner as Felons are appointed to be transported by an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the effectual Transportation of Felons and other Offenders, and to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

VI. 4 And whereas by an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, sfn Act for regulating the Production of Manifefs; affdfor more effectually preventing fraudulent Prod ices in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the clandcfinc re-landing of Goods, it was amongst other Things enacted, that it should and might be lawful for the Commanders of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or any Commissioned, Warrant, or Petty Officer, specially authorized by them, to seize without any Deputation or Commission from the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs or Excise, for that Purpose, any Goods or Commodities whatever, or any Ships or Vessels whatever which should be subject to Forfeiture by that Act, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament then in force, for any Offence against the Revenue of Customs or Excise, provided the Commander of such Ship or Vessel of War should bring or cause to be brought, every such Seizure to his Majesty* Warehouse, at the nearest Custom-house to which such Seizure could conveniently be brought, and should there lodge and deposit the same in the Custody, and under the Charge and Care of the proper Officer of the Customs, in case the Seizure should be made under any Act for securing the Revenue of Customs, or in the Custody and under the Charge and Care of the proper Officer of Excise, in case it should be made under any Act for securing the Revenue of Excise only, amd should, in all Respects in regard to the

183

A.D. 1801.

41 GEORGII III. (U.K.)

C. 91.

Prosecution or Delivery of any such Seizure, conform to all and each and every of the Rides, Regulations,

and Restrictions to which the Officers of his Majesty's Customs and Excise were then, in case oFany such

Seizures made by them respectively, subject; any Law, Cullom, or Vfage to the contrary notwithstanding

And whereas it is expedient to provide, that any such Seizures made under or by virtue of the said recited Act, of any Goods or Commodities for or in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is by Law imposed, or of any Ship, or Vessel which shall be subject to Forfeiture for or in respect of any such Goods or Commodities,

shall and may be brought to, and lodged and deposited in some or one of his Majesty's Warehouses of Excise,

' if the Commander or Officer or Officers making such Seizure shall deem it expedient so to do; and also that such Seizures shall be prosecuted in like Manner as Seizures made by Officers of Excise are prosecuted by the Laws relating to the Revenue of Excise be it therefore enacted, That any such Seizure of any Goods or Commodities for or in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is by Law imposed, or of any Ship or Vessel which shall be subject to Forfeiture for or in respect of any such Goods or Commodities, shall and may be brought to and lodged in some or one of his Majesty's Warehouses of Excise in Great Britain, in the Custody and under the Change and Care of the proper Officer of Excise, if the Commander, or Officer or ^Officers making such Seizure, mail deem it expedient so to do, instead of bringing such Seizure to his Majesty's Warehouse at the Custom-house, according to the Directions of the said recited Act; and that every such Seizure so brought to, and lodged and deposited in any such Excise Warehouse shall be prosecuted by and under the Directions of the Commissioners of Excise in like Manner as Seizures made by Officers of Excise are or may J>e prosecuted by any Law or Laws relating to the Revenue of Excise; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the' contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas by the Laws now in force certain Bounties and Drawbacks of Excise are prohibited1 Commissionei*

' from being granted for or in respect of certain exciseable Goods and Commodities exported from Great Britain °*Exci(ftnCafe» 4 for Ireland, or for the Islands or Guernsey or Jersey, until a Certificate is produced certifying that the Goods

have been duly landed there: And whereas no such Certificate can be produced for or in respect of such

Goods as in the Voyage to any such Place of Destination, may unfortunately happen to be loll by being taken by Enemies, or by perishing in the Seas, and it is therefore expedient in any such Case as is herein-

after mentioned, to allow the Excise Bounties and Drawbacks for or in respect of any such Goods so loft as janajniT m or

aforesaid be it therefore enacted, That in every Case where it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of de"°D "bontlfre t» the Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, in England and Scotland respectively, that any excise- be made out for able Goods or Commodities for or in respect whereof any Bounty or Drawback of Excise is given or granted Payment* on be-by Law, and which were fairly and regularly exported from Great Britain for Ireland, Guernsey, or Jersey, have* in the Voyage to such Place of Destination, been unfortunately loft, by being taken by Enemies or perishing in the Seas, (the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the Judgment of the said nespective CommiU fionersj it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Commissioners, or the major Part of them respectively, to order the Debenture to be made out for such Bounty or Drawback, or to pay such Bounty or Drawback for or in respect of any such Goods or Commodities so loft as aforesaid 5 any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VIII. 4 And whereas, by an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for

repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, an Excise Duty was chargeable for and upon all Sales by way of Auction in Great Britain, of any Goods or Chattels

according to the respective Rates therein expressed: And whereas it is expedient that further Exemption from the said Duty should be made in favour or certain Articles, other than such as are now exempted from the lame bp it therefore enacted, That, from after the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, all Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Rice, Pease, Beans, and other Com and Grain of every Sort, Hour and Meal, imported into that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, and all Beef, Pork, Hams, Bacon,

Cheese, and Butter, imported as aforesaid, shall be free of the said Duty, on the first Sale thereof by Auction in Great Britain, by or for the Account of the original Importer, to whom the same shall be consigned, and by whom the same shall be entered at the Custom-house at the Port of Importation, so as such Sale be made within twelve Months after such Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Rice, Pease, Beans, and other Corn and Grain respectively, Flour and Meal, or Beef, Pork, Hams, Bacon, Cheese, or Butter, shall be imported, and by some Person duly licensed to exercise the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer.

IX. 4 And whereas certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, have been for some Time under Sequestration

in the Ports of Russia, and are shortly expected to arrive in this Kingdom: And whereas it may become necessary to fell large Quantities thereof by Auction upon such Arrival, in Order to the ascertaining the Value

thereof, for the more speedy Settlement of Accounts between the Owners and Proprietors or Consignees of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, and Persons who have underwritten on the lame, or become Insurers.

thereof: And whereas it is therefore expedient that such Goods, Warn, and Merchandizes should be exempt

from the Payment of the Duty charged upon Sales by way of Auction; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby empowered, on Proof made to their Satisfaction, that any Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes imported into this Country from Raffia, have been detained and kept in that Country under Sequestration, during the late Disputes, and are to be sold in the United Kingdom for the Benefit of the Owners, Proprietors, and Insurers thereof, to grant a Certificate thereof, and on the Production of such Certificate, such Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, shall be exempt from the Payment of the Duty of Excise chargeable thereon, for and in respect of the first Sale by Auction of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes; and the same shall be thereupon free of the Duty of Excise on such first Sale thereof by Auction in the United Kingdom, for and on Account of the Owners, Proprietors, and Insurers thereof $ any Thing in any Act or Acts contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

of Goods loft in the Exportation to Ireland, &c. which arc entitled to Bounty or Drawback on landing, m^V or-

ing satished that the Good* were Jolt

From July 5, tScn, Corn, &C*. and 01 her Frovi^ fions herein niCTiti >ncd, imported into Great Britain, shall be free of the Duty on A nations, under 2; G. 3. C. 13. [Schtri. I\\ at the firii Sale thereof on Accounts the Import*!, &c.

T reaftuy Tnay

order Goods which were un-ck r Sequcfl ration in Uutiia, and fold in the United Kingdom, to be ex-tin}. ted tu»in the Auction Duty, &c.

From July 5, 1801, Hides cr

Skh.s tanned, fcc.k melon nny rSie: 1 inr.n entered Fiona: '. s ili.ill He fork, '.- d, and the Pei fan in xve >fe , Cu'ti, dy lcmndlhallioMcit

§$ 7, 8, of .89 G. c. 65. r^spe^ting Ii jr.ds given for Salt in-Iended lor curing of Fish repelled, and oiner Provisions fubdituted in 2; eu ihtreof.

How such Bonds ftull be discharged.

C. 34, of this £eflion, [§ 7-]

Instr.id of the

K n .nty granted by tlit it tiled

C. 91, 92. 41° GEORGII III. ( '.) A.D. 1801.

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, if nny Hide or Skin tanned, tawed, or dressed in Oil, shall be found in any Place whatsoever in Great Britain, (except on the entered Premises of any Tanner, Tawer, Currier, or Dresser of Leather in Oil) without having thereon the Mark or Stamp to denote the charging of the Duty for such Hide or Skin, the same shall be for- fated, and shall and may be Seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession the same shall be found shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

xool.

XI. 4 And whereas by an Act made in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of h?s present Majesty, intituled,

1. An Act for allowing, until the twenty fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and fve, a further Bounty upon Pilchards exported; and for amending an Act made in the thirty-eight Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commisswntrs of Excise, it was amongst other Things provided, that the Merchant or Merchants on whose Account or to whose Order any Salt should be shipped to be carried or removed Coastwise, for curing or preferring Fish, should give Sufficient Bond or Security in Treble the Amount of the Duty of the Salt intended to be delivered; and that such Bond should be cancelled and discharged upon such Merchant or Merchants producing to the proper Officer of Excise within three Months, a 4 Certificate testifying the Delivery of such Salt to the Fish Curer to whom the same was consigned: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said Provisions, and to substitute other Provisions in lieu and instead thereof be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, the said Provisions shall be, and the same are hereby severally repealed, and that from thenceforward, immediately upon the Arrival of any Flat, Barge, Boat, or Vessel, haring on board any Salt intended to be used or employed in the curing or preferring of Fish, at the Port at which such Salt is intended to be shipped or put on board any Ship or Vessel to be therein carried or removed Coastwise, for the Delivery to the Fish Curer or Fish Curers for or to whom the same is to be consigned or sent, the Merchant or Merchants on whose Account or to whose Order the same shall be delivered, shall, either by him or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons, give sufficient Bond or Security to be approved of by the Commissionera of Excise, or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that Purpose, in the single Value of the Amount of the Duty of the Salt so intended to be delivered for the Purpose of curing and preferring Fish, (in which Bond or Security the Master or Owner of the Ship or Vessel in which the Salt is to be carried or conveyed shall join, ) that all such Salt, and every Part thereof shall, (the Danger of the Enemies only excepted, ) be duly delivered into the Custody or Possession of such Fish Curer or Fish Curers for or to whom the same is to be consigned or sent; and that no Part of such Salt shall, before the same shall be delivered into the Custody or Possession of such Fish Curer or Fish Curers as aforesaid, be sold or delivered for Home Trade or Consumption, or otherwise fraudulently disposed of in Great Britain.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every such Bond or Security shall be cancelled and discharged upon the Merchant or Merchants on whose Account or to whose Order any such Salt shall have been so delivered as aforesaid, producing to and leaving with the proper Officer of Excise a Certificate under the Hand of such other Officer of Excise as shall be authorized to give and grant the fame, testifying that all and every Part of the Salt mentioned in such Bond or Security, (allowing or deducing at and after the Rate of one Bushel in every one hundred Bushels of such Salt for natural Walle during the Voyage) has been duly delivered into the Custody or Possession of the Fish Curer or Fish Curers for whom the same w*as intended, or to \Vhom the same was consigned or sent, and that Bond or Security has been given by or on the Part of such Fish Curer or Fish Curers, that all such Salt sent or consigned to him, her, or them, and delivered into his, her, or their Custody, or Possession, shall be used in curing and preferring Fish: Provided always, That such Certificate shall be produced to and left with such Officer as aforesaid, within six Months next after the Day on which such Salt shall have been so shipped or put on board the Ship or Vessel in which the same is to be carried or removed Coastwise for such Delivery to the Fish Curer or Fish Curers as aforesaid.

Such Bonds shall not be subject to Stamp Duty, §13." 44 Persons obstructing Officers in the Execution of

this Act shall forfeit 200l.14." 44 Fines and Forfeitures shall be recovered, and mitigated as under

Excile Law*: , or by Action in the Courts at Westminster, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, one-half to the King and one-half to the Informer. §15."

Cap. xcn.

An Act to alter the Bounties payable on Wheaten Flour and Indian Corn imported into Ireland; and for providing a Method for recovering the Forfeitures created by an Act of this Session of Parliament to prohibit the making of Malt, and distilling of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Ireland.

[2d July 1801.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting Bounties on the Importation into Ireland of Wheat) Barley, Rye, Oats, and Indian Coni) and of Barley, Rye, Oa/s9 4 and Indian Meal, and Wheaten Flour and Rice; And whereas it is expedient that the Bounties thereby granted on the Importation of Wheaten Flour from America, should be encreased on Flour imported into Ireland from America in Ships which shall have cleared out from any Ports in America between certain Periods herein after mentioned; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and writh the Advice and Coix — sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That on every Barrel of superfine Wheaten Flour of one hundred and ninety-six Pounds Weight, which shall be imported into Ireland iu any Ship which shall have cleared out from any Port in Ameri<r*z

A.D. 1801.

41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) 0.92, 93, 94. 185

between the twelfth Day of November one thousand eight hundred and the tenth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, and shall be sold* pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, within two Months after Importation into Ireland, there shall be paid and allowed, in lieu and instead of the Bounties by the said Act granted, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Barrel of such Flour so fold, shall be lef* than eighty Shillings British Currency; and on every Barrel of Fine Wheaten Flour of one hundred and ninety-six rounds Weight which shall be imported into Ireland in any Ship which shall have cleared out from any Port in America between the said Periods, and shall be sold, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, within two Months after Importation, a Bounty equal to the Sura by which the actual Price of each Barrel of such Flour so fold shall be less than seventy-eight Shillings, in lieu and instead of the Bounty granted by the said Act; and on every Barrel of superfine Wheaten Flour of one hundred and ninety-six Pounds Weight, which shall be imported into Ireland, in any Ship which shall have cleared out from any Port in America between the tenth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one and the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, and shall be sold, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, within two Months after Importation, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Barrel of such Flour so fold shall be less than ninety Shillings, in lieu and instead of the Bounty granted by the said Act; and on every Barrel of fine Flour of one hundred and ninety-six Pounds Weight, which shall be imported into Ireland in any Ship which shall have cleared out from any Port in America within the said last mentioned Period, and shall be sold, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, within two Months after Importation, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Barrel of such Flour so fold shall be less than eighty-eight Shillings, in lieu and instead of the Bounty granted by the said Act: Provided always, That due Proof shall be made to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland, that such Ships cleared out between the re-fjpeetive Periods before-mentioned.

Ship cleared out between Jan. 10, and March 2^, the Bounty on the superEne Flour shall be equal to the Difference between the Sale Price and 90s. and eu the Fine Flour the Did'erence between the Sale Price and SSs.

there shall be paid on every Bari el of superfine Wheaten Flour of 196 lb. imported into Ireland in any Ship cleared oat from America between Nov. 12, and Jan.io, i3or, and sold pursuant to lecited Art, within two Months after Impoilation, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the Sale Price is less than 80s. per Barrel$ and for Fine Flour the Difference between the Sale Price and 78*.; and where the

II. 4 And whereas by the said Act an Allowance or Bounty is payable on Indian Corn or Maize imported into Ireland, but by Mistake the Quantity of such Indian Com or Maize on which such Allowance or Bounty is given is expressed to be a Barrel, and not on a Quarter of such Corn or Maize as was intended; in*order therefore to rectify such Mistake/ be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any such Indian Com or Maize shall not, upon the first Sale thereof in Ireland, pursuant to the said Act, produce the Sum of fifty-five Shillings British Currency per Quarter, there shall be paid and allowed upon every such Quarter a Sum equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Quarter of such Indian Com or Maize so ioTd shall be left than fifty-five Shillings British Currency, which Allowance shall be in lieu of the Allowance or Bounty on Indian Corn or Maize mentioned in the said Act.

Bounty on Indian Corn shall be equal to the Sum by which the Sale Price shall be less than 55s. perQaarter.

34-§*I

III. 4 And whereas by an Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit, until tlx

twentyjiftb Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, the making of Malt and the distilling of Spirits from

Corn or Grain in Ireland, several Forfeitures are created in respect of Offences against the said Act, for reco-

vering of which no Mode is thereby established, ' be it enacted, That all such Forfeitures shall and may be sued for, recovered, and applied in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities as are appointed by the said iaft-recited Act for filing for, recovering, and applying the pecu* nary Fines and Penalties thereby infiided.

How Forfeitures are to be recovered under c. 16 of this Session.

CAP. XCIII.

An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, so much of an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, as permits British Hops to be imported into Ireland at a low Rate of Duty. [ad July 1801.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for allowing, until the

twentieth Dai of August one thousand eight hundred and one, the Importation into Ireland of British and

Foreign Hope, at a like Duty as is payable in Great Britain for the fame: And whereas it is xpedient to extend

the Time to which British Hops may be imported into Ireland at a like Duty as is payable in Great Britain for the same be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-frnt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twentieth Day of August one thousand eight hundred and one, until and upon the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, all Hops of the Growth or Produce of Great Britain may be imported into Ireland, subject to no greater Duty than the same are made

c& to by the said recited Act.

C. 41, of ihit Scdica.

H«*ps of British Growth miiy fe imported into In land, ftdijcrt only to Duty uu.lcr reC.ted Art.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act to empower the Importers or Proprietors of Rum or Spirits-of the British Sugar Plantations to land the same in Ireland, before Payment of the Duties of Excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same m Warehouses at their own Expence, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and eight.

[2d July 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Rum or Spirits of the Growth or Manufacture of his Majesty's Planta-

V \ tions in America should be permitted to be landed in Ireland, before Payment of the Duty payable

thereon, on the Importation Of such Rum or Spirits into Ireland, in the same Manner and upon the like Terms

41 Geo. III. (U.K.) Bb9as

i86

C. 94.

41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

Spirit? of hi? MajestySu^ar Plantation*, imported into I remind, may with in a limited Period be landed and warehoused, on Bond being given to pay the Duties when fold, or within a Twelvemonth nut fold.

Such Spirits not to be taken out, except as after mentioned.

as are prallifed with respect to such Rum imported into Great Britain be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Cora, mons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this All, all Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Produce, or Manu/a&ure of his Majesty's Sugar Plantations, which shall be imported into Ireland, may upon the Entry thereof, within thirty Days after the Mailer or Purser of the Ship in which such Rum or Spirits shall be imported, hath or ought to have made Report upon Oath, of the Burthen, Content, and Loading of such Ship, and before Payment of any Part of the Duty payable on the Importation thereof into Ireland\ be landed from on board the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been so imported, and shall be put into such Warehouse or Warehouses as shall be for that Purpose provided (at the charge of the re* spellive Proprietors or Importers of such Rum or Spirits), and shall be approved of by the Chief Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue of Ireland for the Time being, or any three of them, upon such Proprietors or Importers first giving (at his or their Charge and Expence) his or their Bond or other good and fufftcieni Security, which the said Commissioners or other proper Officers of the Revenue are hereby required to take, for Payment of all Duties payable on the Importation of such Rum or Spirits into Ireland, as soon as the same shall be sold, in case the same be sold within twelve Months from and after the Time the same shall be landed and put into Warehouses as aforesaid; and in case the same shall not be sold within such twelve Months, then to pay the same at the end of such twelve Months; such Duty to be computed according to the Gauge of such Rum or Spirits, to be taken at the Time the same shall be lo landed and lodged in Warehouses as aforesaid.

II. And be it enacted, That such Rum or Spirits as shall be so brought into such Warehouse or Warehouses shall not be taken or carried out thence on any Account whatsoever, other than as herein after mentioned*

Spirits landed before Ed try, and the Duties being secured, or without Warrant or the Presence of the proper Officer, shall be forfeited.

Before warehousing, the Calks shall be Qiarked with Quantity and .Name of Proprietor.

Storekeeper shall transcmt a written Account upon Oath, every six Months, to the Commissioners of the Revenue, of the Spirits brought in and carried out, &c.; and if it shall appear that any have been improperly delivered out. Storekeeper shall be difiiMcd to hold any Office, and shall forfeit tool. No Spirits shall be delivered except forExpor-tion, without Payment of the Duties.

On Production of a Certificate of the Payment of the Duties,

Spirits shall be delivered, and a Permit granted.

In Quantities not less than 50 Gallons.

Warehouses may be secured under the Joint Locks of the Proprietor of the

III. And be it enacted, That in case any such Rum or Spirits shall be landed or put on Shore out of any Ship or Vessel before due Entry be made thereof at the Cuilom House at the Port or Place where the same shall be imported, and the Duties chargeable on the Importation thereof secured, or without a Warrant for the landing thereof, first signed by the proper Officer of the Port, or without the Presence of the proper Officer of the Port; then all such Rum or Spirits as shall be so landed or taken out of any Ship or Vessel contrary to the true Meaning hereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of his Majesty's Revenue, or the Importer or Proprietor thereof shall forfeit the Value of the same.

IV. And be it enacted, That before such Rum or Spirits shall be lodged in any Warehouse, a Mark shall be set on every Calk or Vessel containing the fame, mentioning the particular Quantity of such Rum or Spirits contained therein, according to the Gauge thereof, to be then taken, with the Names of the respective Proprietors or Importers thereof; and the Storekeeper of every such Warehouse shall keep a Book, wherein he shall fairly enter m Writing, an exalt, particular, and true Account of all such Rum or Spirits as shall from Time to Time be brought into and carried out of such Warehouse, and the Days and Times when the same were brought in and earned out, and the Name or Names of the Person or Persons to whom or for whose Use the same was delivered out, and shall, at the End of every six Months, or oftener if required, transmit in Writing, an Account thereof upon Oath, to the Chief Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland, together with an exact Account of how much is then remaining in each Warehouse under his Care; and the said Commissioners are hereby required and enjoined, within one Month after any such Account shall be transmitted to them, to inspect and examine the same; and if upon such Examination it shall appear that any of such Rum or Spirits were delivered out of any such Warehouse, otherwise than as herein is mentioned, or before Payment or the Duties payable on the Importation thereof, for so much of such Rum or Spirits as shall have been so delivered out, then the Storekeeper of such Warehouse, and every Officer having Charge of such Warehouse offending therein, shall not only be disabled to hold and enjoy any publick Office or Employment, but shall also forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be sued for, levied, and recovered, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, arid Methods as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is or may be recovered, or mitigated by any Law or Laws made in Ireland, relating to his Majesty's Revenues of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill* Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublitu

V. And be it enacted, That no such Rum or Spirits so lodged in any Warehouse as aforesaid, shall be delivered out of the feme, except for Exportation in the Manner herein after mentioned, unless upon Payment of the Duties payable on the Importation thereof; and that, upon the Proprietor or Importer, or other Person authorized in that Behalf, producing to the Storekeeper of such Warehouse a Warrant or Certificate, ligned by the Collector or other proper Officer appointed to receive the Duties payable thereon, certifying that he has received all the Duties to which all the Rum or Spirits so desired to be delivered out of such Warehouse was liable and subject to pay, such Storekeeper and Officers attending such Warehouse shall deliver out of the feme the Quantity of Rum or Spirits, the Duties on which shall be expressed in such Warrant or Certificate to have been paid, and thereupon a Permit or Certificate to accompany such Rum or Spirits shall h.e granted by the proper Officer for the Protection thereof: Provided always, That no Importer, Proprietor, or Buyer of such Rum or Spirits, or Person appointed by him, shall receive out of any such Warehouse any less Quantity of Rum or Spirits at one Time, than one Puncheon, Hogshead, or other Cask, containing not less than fifty Gallons.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Proprietor or Importer of any Rum or Spirits so to be lodged in any Warehouse as aforesaid, to affix one Lock to every such Warehouse, the Key of which shall remain in the Custody of such Proprietor or Importer; and for the Storekeeper and other Officers having Charge of such Warehouse to affix one other Lock upon every such Warehouse, the Key whereof shall remain in the

Custody

A.D. 1801.

4i* GEORGII III. (U.K.) C. 94. 187

Custody of such Storekeeper or Officer; and the Proprietor or Importer of such Rum or Spirits may, fu the Spirit*, andjibe*

Presence of such Storekeeper or Officer who are hereby required to attend at all reasonable Times for that Pur-

pole, view, examine, shew, and receive out of such Warehouse, such Rum or Spirits, or any Part thereof, notpriett>r.

ft f, than the Quantity herun-before for that Purpose mentioned, upon Payment of the Duty payable upon the

Importation thereof^ and Upon producing such Certificate or Receipt for the Payment thereof as herein-before

mentioned.

VII. And be it enacted, That if any Proprietor or Importer of any Rum which shall have been put into If any such Pr*-any Warehouse pursuant to this Act, shall, by any Means whatever, open any such Warehouse, except in the

Presence of the Storekeeper of such Warehouse, or other Officer having Charge of the same, and whose Business except in

it is to attend with the Key of such Warehouse, and to open the fame; then every such Proprietor or Importer the Presence of shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of five hundred Pounds. Officer, he shall forfeit 5001.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such Rum or Spirits as shall be so lodged in any Ware- Warehoused

house shall be subject and liable to the same Duties, to be applied to the same Uses and Purposes, and to be sPh»ls subject to managed and collected by the same Persons and in the same Manner, subject and liable to the same Rules, hc Entries, Restrictions, Regulations, Limitations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as in and by any Act or Acts of except

Parliament, are or shall be for that Purpose particularly described, appointed, limited, and enacted, save and as in this Act except in the particular Instances in this Act mentioned and provided for, and to be applied to the fame. mentioned.

IX. And be it enacted, That before any Rum or Spirits of the Growth or Manufacture of the British Sugar Before any such

Plantations in America shall be delivered out of any Warehouse for Exportation, the Person or Persons intending Bpjdts ifcall be to export the fame, shall, with sufficient Sureties, give Bond to his Majesty in Double the Value of the Goods, E^onUl* ami of the Import Duty payable thereon, that such Rum or Spirits (mill, (the Danger of the Seas or Enemies Bon(j <^11 be excepted)be exported as Merchandize to, and landed in such Port out of Ireland as shall be specified in such given to export Bond, and shall not be landed in any other Place, nor relanded in Ireland* them the Port

specified.

X. And be it enacted, That the Exporter of such Rum or Spirits, or some Person on his Behalf producing On Prod^Aion to the Storekeeper of the Warehouse, and to the Officer attending the fame, a Certificate from the proper

Officer, that such Bond and Security hath been given, the Storekeeper of such Warehouse and Officer attending becnViven the same shall deliver so much Rum or Spirits as shall be mentioned in such Certificate, to be exported, and shall so much Spirits' give to the Exporter a Certificate signed by them, specifying the Quantity so delivered, the Contents and as shall be raen-Mark of each Calk, the Quantity contained therein on the landing, the Names of the Proprietors or Importers, boned therein, and also certifying that the same are delivered out for Exportation, and the Time when and to whom such Delivery was made; which Certificate shall be produced to the Officer attending the shipping of such Rum or which*"

Spirits; and the Storekeeper of the Warehouse and Officer attending the same shall make ftch Entries of the shall be prod*-Dclnery of such Rum or Spirits as they are herein required to make with respect to the Rum or Spirits deli- eed to the Office-red upon Payment of the Duties, and shall not be subject to any Penalty for making such Delivery; and the cer sending Quantity of Rum or Spirits delivered out of any Warehouse for Exportation shall be computed according to the ||j* sTuofor^ Gauge taken at the Time of landing on the Importation thereof: Provided always, That no Rum or Spirits ExportaViJn^&e. shall be delivered out of any such Warehouse, either for Consumption or Exportation, unless all legal Charges ah icgalCliarges attending the warehousing thereof shall have been paid. shall be paid,

previous to such Delivery.

XI. And be it enacted, That upon producing to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue in Irfland, or their Officer having the Custody of the Bonds given in pursuance of this Act for securing the Payment of the Duty payable on the Importation of such Rum or Spirits, a Certificate under the Hand of the proper Officer of the Port where such Rum or Spirits shall have been shipped for Exportation, of the Quantities so shipped, and that the same were shipped in the Pretence of such Officer, and that the same w'ere accompanied with such Certificate of the Delivers' rrom such Warehouse as aforesaid; and also upon Delivery of such lad mentioned Certificate, such Commissioners, or the Officer having the Custody of such Bonds, in case the whole Quantity of Rum mentioned therein be certified to have been delivered and shipped, shall deliver such Bonds to the Person producing such Certificate; or in case obIv a Part of the Rum mentioned in such Bond be certified to be delivered and shipped, the said Commissioner or Officer shall endorse oq such Bonds the Quantity so delivered a ul flipped; and if at any future Time before the Expiration of the Term stipulated in such Bonds for the Payment of such Duties, the remaining Part of the Rum mentioned therein shall be certified to have been delivered and shipped as Merchandize for Exportation, then such Bond shall be delivered to the Person producing Leh Certificates, and the Proprietors or Importers shall be discharged from the Payment of all Duties on the Importation of such Rum or Spirits.

XII. And be it enacted, That no Drawback on any Rumor Spirits shall be allowed, nor shall the Bonds for securing the Duties payable on the Importation thereof be delivered, or such IndorlVment as aforesaid made thereon, or the Proprietor or Importer be discharged from the Payment of such Duties, for any Rum or Spirits exported in any Calk containing less than fifty Gallons, or shipped on board any Vessel of less Burthen than seventy Tons, or which shall be exported from any Port not being the Port of Importation.

Bonds for Duty shall be delivered up upon Production el* a Certificate of Spit iu U ing (Hipped, to:

Suoh Spirits shall l>t exported only in Casks not lei's than CO Gallon*, arc! Vessels not

than 7oTons.

XIII. And be it enacted, That if any Rum or Spirits delivered from any Warehouse for Exportation, shall, before the shipping, be lodged in any Place so as to be concealed from publick View, or shall not be dipped within twelve Hour* after the Delivery, or if any Calk or Package shall be wilfully opened, or any Part of such Rumjt Spirit* be taken thereout, or if the Quality of such Rum or Spirits shall be changed; in every such Case, all facb Rurn or Spirits, and the Calks. containing the farm*, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of the Revenue in Ireland; and the Person or Persons who gave Bond for the Exportation, shall, upon Proof

Spi .'its so deli-veud whiui (bail

l riL.it shipping be cunrt.lied, or r.»t ship* cd wit1 in 12 IniurS, or : he (^iul.t/

i88

kc.

fluli be forfeited, &c. Exportation

Bond shall not be discharged but on Certificate of landing, &c.

Condition of such Bonds. Oaths.

If no Certificate produced. Bonds may he put in Suit.

Spiiits not duly espoited, or re.-landed in Ire-lari'I, shall l>c forfeited, and the Persons concerned shall forfeit Double the Duties.&c.; d if belonging to the VefTd, fuffor six Months Imprisonment.

If any Package shall be altered artef shipping, the Master (hill1 Previous to Exportation Notice shall be given of the Number of Calk?, ice. Officers may mark the Calks -ind take Samples.

Persons shipping without Notice, or obstructing Officers, shall forfeit iooI. Spirits altered itter Examination, shall be forfeited, fee. and too/. Penalty. Spirits remaining in any Ware-boule more than 1 z Months, may be sold for Payment of Duty and Charges.

C. 94. 41° GEORGII III. ( A.D. 1801.

of such Offence, be subseft to the Penalty of such Bond, and the feme shall be put in Suit, unless the Commissionen of his Majesty's Revenue find cause to forbear the same.

XIV. And be it enacted, That no Bond to be given by virtue of this Act, for the Exportation of any Rum or Spirits as Merchandize, shall be discharged, until such Certificates be produced of the landing of such Rum or Spirits at the Port mentioned in such Bond, and such Proof on Oath made, as is required by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Ireland in respect to Allowance of any Drawback for any Merchandize exported; and the Cond tion of all the Bonds taken by virtue of this Act shall be to produce such Certificates within such Times respectively, as are limited by any such Act or Acts for producing the Certificates therein required; and all Persons authorized by any such tail-mentioned Act or Acts to administer Oaths, are hereby authorized to administer the like Oaths in pursuance of this Act; and in case no such Certificate shall be produced, or such Proof made within the Times therein limited, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland to cause the Bond taken to be put in Suit, unless they find Cause to forbear the same.

XV. And be it enacted, That in case any such Rum or Spirits entered as Merchandize for Exportation (half not be bona fide shipped and exported, the Danger of the Seas excepted, or be landed again in Ireland, unless in case of Distress to save the Goods from perishing, of which Distress Proof shall be forthwith made, and Notice given to the principal Officer of the Port; all nich Rum or Spirits so re-landed, and the Casks containing the lame shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland; and every Person who brought any of such Rum or Spirits, or procured the same to be re-landed, or afttfted in the unshipping of the same, or to whose Hands the same knowingly shall have come, or by whose Privity or Direction any such Rum or Spirits shall have been so re-landed, shall forfeit Double the Amount of the Duties chargeable upon Importation, and all Boats, Cattle, and Carriages used in the landing or Conveyance of the same, and the same may be seized by any Officer of the Revenue in Ireland; and if any Master or Person belonging to any Ship or Vessel shall alnft in or connive at the fraudulent Landing of any such Rum or Spirits, such Master or Person, over and above all other Penalties, shall for every such Offence suffer Imprisonment for six Months; and in case the Package of such Rum or Spirits so entered for Exportation shall be altered after the shipping thereof, and before the Arrival at the Port of Discharge, the Master or Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel shall forfeit one hundred Pounds.

brfcit too/.

XVI. And be it enacted, That as often as any Person shall be desirous of shipping for Exportation any Quantity of any such Rum or Spirits, such Person shall give Notice in Writing to the proper Officer at the Port where such Rum or Spirits are to be shipped five Days next before the same shall be put on board; in which Notice shall be expressed the Number of Casks and the Quantity of Rum or Spirits intended to be shipped; and it shall be lawful for the Officer attending the Warehouse from which such Rum or Spirits is to be taken, before the Delivery thereof from such Warehouse, or at any Time afterwards, to mark every such Cask or other Package with such Mark as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland shall direct, and before such Delivery, or afterwards, to take as many Samples as he mail think fit, not exceeding Half a Pint out of each Cask, paying for such Samples, if demanded, according to the Market Price of such Rum or Spirits, not including the Duties thereon; and in case any Person shall put on Ship-board any such Rum or Spirits for Exportation as Merchandize, without having given such Notice, or shall obstruct any Officer to mark any Cask* or to take such Samples as aforesaid, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit one hundred Pounds; and if any Rum or Spirits so intended for Exportation as Merchandize, shall, after any Officer hath examined the fame, be altered in Quality or Quantity, all such Rum or Spirits, and the Calks containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland; and every Person who so altered, or caused the Came to be altered, shall forfeit one hundred Pounds; and no Drawback of or Allowance for the Duties payable on the Importation thereof, shall be given or made for the same.

XVII. And be it enacted, That if any Rum or Spirits lodged in any Warehouse in pursuance of this Act, shall be permitted to remain therein for any Time exceeding Twelve Months after the same shall be so lodged therein; and if the Duties payable on the Importation thereof shall not be paid to the Collector or Officer authorized to receive the same within such Twelve Months, and such Certificate or Receipt as is herein-before directed to be had shall not be produced to the Storekeeper of such Warehouse or Officer having Charge of the same, testifying the Payment of such Duty, within the Time aforesaid, that then it shall be lawful for the said. Chief Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to cause the Rum or Spirits so lodged in such Warehouse, for which the said Duty shall not have been paid within the Time aforesaid, to be put up to Sale at publick Auction to the best Bidder or Bidders for the fame, and the Money arising by such Sale shall be in the Firit Place applied in Discharge of the Duty payable thereon; and all legal Charges attending, the Warehousing of the same, and the Expence of such Sale, and the Surplus of the Monies arising by such Sale, if any, shall be paid to the Person or Persons who lodged such Rum or Spirits in such Warehouse.

" Penalties may be recovered and applied as under Irish Act, 14 & 15 C. 2. c. 8. and other Irish Excise u Laws, §18. Continuance of Act, 25 March 1808. §19. Act may be altered or repealed this Scf- fion, §20."

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III.

C. 95. 189

Cap. xcv.

[See 37 G. 3. C.

97. as to the f?c-lutton of this Tradrvcith Great Britain.]

An Act to facilitate the Trade and Intercourse between Ireland and the United States of America> during the Continuance of the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation between his Majesty and the said States* [2d July 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain Regulations should be made to facilitate Trade and Intercourse

between that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, called Ireland, and the United

States of America, and to regulate the same agreeably to the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation,

subsisting between his Majesty and the said States be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to import into Ireland, directly from any of the Territories of the United States of America, in Ships or Vessels of the built of the said United Kingdom, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, or in Ships built in any Country belonging to the United States of America, or in Ships taken by any Ship or Vessel of War belonging to the Govumment, or any of the Inhabitants of the United States, having Commissions or Letters of Marque, and Reprisal from the Government of the said United States, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty of the said United States, of which Condemnation Proof shall be given, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenues in Ireland, or any three or more of them, and owned by the Subjects of any of the said United States, and whereof the Master and three-fourths of the Mariners at least are Subjects of the said United States, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the said United States, which are not prohibited by Law to be imported from Foreign Countries; and to enter and land such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize upon Payment of the Duties, and subject to the Conditions and Regulations herein after mentioned; any Law, Custom* or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted, That all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported either in such Ships, or in Ships of the said United Kingdom, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, (except such Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize as are herein after particularly described, ) shall and may be entered and landed upon Payment of such Duties, and no higher, as are payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the like Denomination or Description, upon their Importation into Ireland, in Ships of the said United Kingdom from any other Foreign Country, and in Cases where different Duties are imposed upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the like Denomination or Description, imported from different Foreign Countries, then, upon Payment of the lowest Duties, which by Law are required to be paid on the Importation in Ships of the said United Kingdom, of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize from any Foreign Country.

or where these Duties vary, on Payment ot ihe low ah

III. And be it enacted, That any Pig Iron, Bar Iron, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, Rofm, Pot-asti, Pearl-afh, American Pig Mahogany, Mails, Yards, and Bowsprits, being of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the said United States % and all Staves, and all manufactured Goods and Merchandize whatsoever which are not prohibited by L.aw to be imported into Ireland from any Foreign Country, shall and may be imported into Ireland in Ships of the said United Kingdom, or in American Ships, owned and navigated as herein-before described, upon Payment of such Duties as are payable on the like Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, when accompanied with the Certificates required by Law, upon their Importation into Ireland in Ships of the said United Kingdom, from any British Island or Plantation in America, notwithstanding such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize may not be accompanied with the Certificates heretofore required by Law.

paiticd with the requiftte Certificates; though not so accompanied.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That upon the Importation into Ireland from the United States of The Duties on America, of Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Flour, Rye, Barley, Beer, or Bigg, Oats, Oatmeal, Pease, Beans, Indian Com and Maize, the Duties to be paid thereon respectively shall be regulated and ascertained according to the Price* of Wheat, Rye, Barley, Beer, or Bigg, Peas; , Beans, Oats, and Oatmeal, in the Manner set forth and specified in an Act passed in Ireland, in the thirty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Increase of Agriculture and Commerce, by establishing a reciprocal Preference in the Corn Trade between this Kingdom and Great Britain.

V. And be it enacted, That all Oil made from Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, and Blubber, Whale Fins, and Spermaceti, being the Produce of the Fisheries carried on by the People of the said United States of America, may be imported into Ireland in Ships of the said United Kingdom, or in American Ships owned and navigated as herein-before described, upon Payment of such Duties as are or may be payable cm the like Goods and Merchandize upon their Importation into Ireland in Ships of the said United Kingdom from Countries not tender the Dominion of his Majesty.

not belonging to his Majesty, in Ships of this Kingdom.

VI. And be it enacted, That any Tobacco, being the Growth or Production of any of the Territories of AmeacanTo-the said United States of America, may be imported in Ships of the said United Kingdom, or in American Ships owned and navigated as herein-before described, upon Payment of the same Duties as Tobacco imported into Ireland by British Subjects from any British Colony or Plantation in America is or may hereafter be Tubjeft to; and that Snuff, being the Production and Manufacture of any of the said Territories, may be imported into Ireland in Manner before-mentioned, upon Payment of such Duties as Snuff, being the Production or Manufacture of Europe imported from Europe, is or hereafter may be subject to, and may be warehoused and again exported; such Tobacco and Snuff to be subject respectively nevertheless to all and singular the Regulations, Restrictions. Penalties, and Forfeitures relating to the Importation and Exportation thereof, or in any other Respect

American Goods may be imported from the United States into Ireland, in Ships of the built of thi* Kingdom, or m American Ships, Sec. under certain Re-r gulations.

Goods ft, imported may be Lnded, on Pay-nu niul lhe lame Duties as are payat fc ou like Goods impoited in Vessels ol this Kingdom from, any other Fo-rei-pi Country,

Iron, fee. may be so imported on Payment of the same Duties as are payable on the like Commodities imported in Ships of this Kingdom, when accom-

Impoitafion of Wheat, &r.fhntt be atoeruined according to the Prices in the Irish Ait, [32G. 3. c. 20.

American Oil, fee. may be io impoi ted on Payment of the fume Duties m on Importation from Countrirt

bat co may be so imp*»: ted on Payment of the like Dutit' % as from British Co-1 r.ies in A merit a by British Sub; rils; and Snul* on the Payment of like

190

C. 95:

41° GEORGII III. (17. AT.) A.D. 1801.

Duties, ns Snuff spe& relating thereto, of an Act made and passed in Ireland in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his pre-rrodu^ent Maicft>'» dn Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for securing the Duties payable

Subert*to R>*- upon ^jr imPQr^ and manufacture of Tobacco: Provided always, That such Tobacco shall be accompanied with a gulations .n Ir <h Manifest as by Law required.

Art, G. 3. c. 42, kr.

VII. And be it enacted, That any Rice, being the Growth or Production of any of the Territories of the United States of America, which shall be imported directly from thence into any of the Ports of Ireland in Manner before-mentioned, may, upon the Importer paying down in Ready Money, the Duty of eight-pence the hundred Weight, being Part of the Duties now payable on the Importation of Rice, be landed and ware-housed, except as herein after provided, under the Joint Locks of his Majesty and the Importer, in such Ware-houses as shall be* approved of for that Purpose by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland, or any three or more of them, or by the Collector in the Port into which such Rice shall be imported, upon the Importer's own Bond for Payment of the Remainder of the Duties due and payable for such Rice within eighteen Months, according to the Net Weight and Quantity of such Rice at the Time it shall he so landed.

VIII. Provided always, That upon the Importation of any such Rice into any Port of Ireland, into which Teas may lawfully be imported in the Manner herein-before expressed, the Importer shall be at Liberty to enter and land the fame, without Payment of any Duty whatever, upon Condition that such Rice shall be Warehoused tinder the Joint Locks of his Majesty and the Importers, in such Warehouse or Warehouses as shall be approved of for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or by the Collector of the Port where such Rice shall be imported; and that the Storeage and every Expence attending such warehousing shall be borne by the Importers; and that such Importer or Importers, or his or their known Servant, shall, from Time to Time, at all seasonable Hours as Occasion may require, have free Access to such Warehouses in the Ptefenceof some proper Officer of the Customs, for the Purpose of (kreening and (hifting the Rice to prevent it receiving Damage; and that if any Rice which shall be so imported from the Territories of the said United States into any of the Ports above-mentioned respectively, and warehoused as aforesaid shall be taken out of the Warehouses wherein the same shall be secured under the Joint Locks of his Majesty and the Importers as aforesaid for Home Consumption, the full Duties due and payable by Law upon the Importation of such Rice into Ireland for Home Consumption, shall, previously to its being taken out of such Warehouses, be paid to the Collector at the Port where such Rice shall be so warehoused; but that such Importer, if he intends to export such Rice, shall have the Liberty to export the same from such Warehouses respectively, under the same Regulations under which any Goods may be exported by Law, immediately before the palung of this A el, without Payment of any Duty whatever, provided that the Exporta.ion of any Rice to be warehoused under the Authority of this Act, be made within the said Space of eighteen Months; but, if not exported within that Period, the full Duties payable by Law, shall be paid for the same, and not be afterwards drawn back; provided that if any Rice warehoused under the Authority of this Act shall remain in such Warehouse beyond the Period of eighteen Months, upon which the full Duties payable by Law shall not have been paid, then in such Case, the same shall and may be-fold for the Duties in like Manner, and under the same Rules, Regulations, and restrictions as any other Goods are now dirtied by Law to be sold for the Duties, and the Produce applied in like Manner as is directed by the said Act passed in Ireland, in the thirty-seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for securing the Duties payable upon the Import and Manufacture of Tobacco.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be conftraed to prevent the Importation of Rice and other Articles without Payment of any Duty whatever, by virtue of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making Provisoti for the Entry and Return Voyages of certain Ships, which may import Rice or otlyer Grain from the East Indies, and to authorize the Importation of Rice or other Grain into Ireland, in Ships coming directly from the East Indies.

X. And be it enacted, That all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so imported into Ireland from the United States of America, shall, upon the Exportation thereof to any Foreign Country, be entitled to the same Drawbacks as are, or may hereafter be by I.aw allowed upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the like Denomination and Description, when exported from Ireland to any Foreign Country'; and that there shall be allowed and paid the same Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize exported from Ireland to any of the Territories of the said United States, as are or may hereafter be allowed by Law upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the like Denomination or Description, to any' of the Ittands belonging to the Crown of the said United Kingdom in America.

American Rue may be imported and waie-liouftd, on pic-(V»nt Payment of 8d. per Cwt. and importer'*

Bond (or Payment of the remaining Duty.

Such Rice may be imported into such Parts of Ireland where Tea may be imported, without Payment of any Duty, under certain Conditions.

Importers may have Access to Warehouses.

Such Rice, when taken out of Warehouses for Home Consumption, shall pay the full Duties

but may be exported Duty free, under the lubfiiling Regulations, within 18 Months.

If Duties be not paid on warehoused Rice in 13 Months, it may be sold, as under IrilhArt,

37 G. 3- c. 42.

Ad shall not prohibit the Importation of Rice, &tc. Duty free, under c. 37. of this Session.

Goods imported into Ireland from America, on Exportation to any Foreign Country, and Goods exported from Ireland to America, shall fce entitled to Drawbacks and Bounties. Drawback on Exportation of Foreign Hemp andlron fromlre-la: id to America.

Duties and Drawbacks shall be managed as tinder former Irish Art>; acd

tr>e Good' fhaO hr subjtrt to the Condition'* and Regulations>f Luch Acts.

XI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be allowed and paid the same Drawbacks upon the Exportation from Ireland of any Sort of Foreign Hemp or Foreign Iron to any British Colony or Plantation in America, and to any of the Territories of the said United States of America, as are or may hereafter be allowed by Law, upon the Exportation from Ireland of the like Sort of Hemp or Iron to other Foreign Parts.

XII. And be it enacted, That the Duties and Drawbacks of the Duties for and in respect of the several Goods, Wares, or Merchandize by this Act imposed and allowed, shall and may be managed, ascertained, raised, collected, paid, recovered, and allowed in such and the like Manner, and in or by any or either of the Means, Ways, or Methods, by which any' former Duties and Drawbacks of Duties upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the same Sorts or Kinds respectively, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, collected, paid, recovered, or allowed; and the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so by this Act made liable to the Payment of Duties upon the Importation thereof into Ireland, or so entitled to Drawback of Duties /an the Exportation

thereof

A.D. 1801.

41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) C. 95, 96. 191

thereof front Ireland, or on any other Account whatever, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to every Condition, Regulation, Rule, Restriction, and Forfeiture to which any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in general, and to every Special Condition, Rule, Regulation, and Forfeiture to which the like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively, were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force, in Ireland, on or immediately before the passing of this Act, respecting any Revenue arising on the Importation of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize into Ireland, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act; and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, and Forfeiture for any Offence committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force in Ireland, on or immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the said Revenues of Ireland, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained, unless where expressly altered by this Act, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution for and in respect of the Duties and Drawbacks hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample Manner as if all such Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures were re-enacted in this Act.

XIII. And be it enacted, That all Monies arising from the Duties payable by virtue of this Act, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted, shall from Time to Time be paid into his Majesty Exchequer of Ireland, and be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

XIV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall continue in force fo\>ng as the said Treaty between his Majesty and the United States of America shall continue in force, and no longer; and may be altered or varied by any Act of this Session of Parliament.

Duties shall he cirried to the Irish Consoli-daicd Fund. Continuance of Act during the Treaty with America*

CAP. XCVI.

An Act for the better Regulation of his Majesty's Prize Courts in the West Indies and America, and for giving a more speedy and effectual Execution to the Decrees of the Lords Commissioners of Appeals* [2d July. 1801.]

: Admiralty

granted to the Vice Admiralty Courts in the West Indies, except at Jamaica and Martmico: And whereas it is fit and may tend to the due Administration of Justice, that your Majesty should be enabled to make competent Provision for the several Judges of Vice Admiralty Courts in any two of the Islands in the West Indies, and at HaUfasc in America; and that the Proceedings of the said Courts, and the Fees of the Judges and other Officers of the said Courts should be duly regulated be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by any Order in Council, to fix and ascertain proper and adequate Salaries for the said Judges of the Vice Admiralty Courts established in any two of the Islands in the West Indies, and likewise at Halifax in America, not exceeding the Sum of two thousand Pounds per Annum for any one of such Judges 3 and such Salary shall be issued, payable, and paid out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

mrralty Courts in the West Indies, and at Halifax in America.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by any Letters Patent under the Great and b? Letter5 Seal of Great Britain, to give and grant to any such Judge upon his Resignation of any such Office, an Annuity ibr the Term of his Life, not exceeding one thousand Pounds, to be issued and payable, and paid out of the Coofblidated Fund; and such Annuity shall be charged and chargeable, and paid and payable in like Manner in every Respect, and under and subject to such Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures as are contained in an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in Westminster Hall, and also of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Justiciary, and Barone of Exchequer in Scotland, and for enabling his Majesty to grant Annuities to Persons in certain Oflices in the said Courts of W estminster Hall on their Resignation of their respective Oflices: Provided always, That no such Annuity granted to any such Judge shall be valid, unless such Judge shall have continued in one or more of the said Offices for the Period of six Years, or shall be afflicted with iome permanent Infirmity, disabling him from the due Execution of his Office, which shall be distinctly recited in the said Grant.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successort, to establish Rules and Regulations for the said Courts, and from Time to Time regulate the Fees to be taken by the said Judges, and the other Officers of the said Courts, for all Acts to be done therein, and to alter and amend such Rules and Regulations, and make any new Table or Tables of Fees, as his said Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Council, shall deem fit.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Profits and Emoluments of the said Judges shall in no Case exceed the Sum of two thousand Pounds to each or any or either of the said Judges in any one Year, and so in Proportion for any Part of a Year, over and above the Salary of such Jud^e by this Act granted, and every such Judge shall keep a just and true Account of the Fees and pecuniary Promts and Emoluments received by him as such Judge in each Year, ending on the first Day of January in each Year, and shall, as soon after the said first Day of January as the same can be done, in every Year transmit an Account thereof to the Commissioners of the Navy, and shall carry all Sum and Sums 01 Money exceeding the said Sum of two thousand Pounds to the

Account

His Majesty may, by Order in Council, fix Salaries net exceeding 2000L for Judges of two Vice Ad-

Patent may grant to any such Judge*, upon Resigna-lion, an Annuity not exceeding x, ooool. as under 39 G. 3. c. 110.

Provided the Judge shall have Continued in Office lor six Years, or be difabU'd. His Man liV mar elrubhili Rules fen the Courts, and regulate the Fees.

The Profit* of each Judge shall not exceed 2, oocl. per Annum oxer hb Salary* and he shall keep an Account thereof.

192 C. 96. 41 GEORGII III. ( .) A.D. 1801.

and transmit it annually to the C )mmissioners of the Navy.

Account of the succeeding Year, or pay the same or aay Part thereof to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as to the said Commissioners of the Navy shall seem fit, and they shall for that Purpose direfh

Tiic Courts may exercise over all Pme* in the Wei't Indies, See. the tame Powers as it they had been bi ought into any Port of the Island or Colony where such Courts are held.

V. i And whereas it is expedient that the Powers of the said Courts, and the Execution of their Proceffcs, ' should be rendered more effectual and easy, ' be it therefore enacted, That each and every of the said Courts, and the several and respective Judges and Officers thereof in any two of the Islands in the West Indies and at Halifax, shall have and may exercise over all Prizes carried into any of his Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies, including therein the Bahama and Bermuda Islands, and over all Persons io any way concerned therein, and in all Matters and Things relating thereto, all the Powers and Authorities, and shall and may put in Force all the Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things relating thereto, as if such Prizes had been a&ually brought into any Port of the Island or Colony where such Vice Admiralty Court shall be held; and as if the Persons concerned therein were actually resident within such Island or Colony.

Skid Courts may issue Commissions, See. to be executed in any other of his Ma-jeOy's Colonies or Territories in the West Indies or America, &c. for .my Purpose of legal

Adjudication, and all Officers shall execute ProcelTcs itVuing from such Courts.

Where Commission i of Appraise-ment, &c. is granted Lefore final Sentence, tfe Proceeds

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for th' Judges and other Officers of the said Courts to jflue Commissions, Orders, Decrees, Attachments, and other Processes, to be executed in any other of his Majesty's Colonies or Territories in the West Indies or America, including therein the Bahamas and Bermuda Islands, ' for the Examination of Witnesses for the Appraisement and Sale of captured Property, or for any other Purpose of legal Adjudication; and all such Commissions, Orders, Decrees, Attachments, and Processes, shall be valid and effectual, and shall be in full Force, and be put in Execution, in relation to all Matters and Things cognizable by such Courts, in every Part of his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, and Territories in the West Indies and America, including therein the said Islands of Bahama and Bermuda, notwithstanding any Law or Laws of any such Colonies, Plantations, or Territories to the contrary thereof; and all Marshals and Deputy Marshals, or other Officers executing, Processes of any similar Nature, or in Default of any such being resident in any Island or Colony, aH Officers executing any legal Processes, by whatever Name or Names any such Officer shall be called, shall and are hereby required to execute the Processes issuing from the said Courts, and shall be liable to such Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, or Punishments, for any Contempt or any Neglect in executing thereof, as any' Officer or Officers of such or the like Description are liable to for any Neglect, and as if such Court was established and held in the Island, Co* lony, or Territory within which the Functions of any such Officers are to be exercised as aforesaid.

VII. And whereas it is expedient that the Proceeds or Property captured and converted by Sale,

should be secured until final Adjudication be it enacted, That in all Cases where a Commission of Appraisement and Sale is granted by the Judge of the Vice Admiralty Court before final Sentence, the Proceeds of such Sale shall not remain in the Hands of the Captors or their Agents, but shall be brought into the Registry of the Court, and remain subject to the further Orders of the Court till final Sentence.

ilia 11 be brought into Court.

If Claimants decline to take Property on Bail, the Court, with Cunfenl of the Captors and Claimants, may direct it to be font to England for Sale; and the Pro< eeds cepofned in the Hank; and if the Captor* un-l".rt:; .ibly withhold tht ir Content, they shall pay the Difference in Value arising in Confb-qucuce.

On Appeals the Comt may at Kt-qued of Appellants diiCvt the Property to be f'*iu to England for Sale, and deposited in like Manner; or t V Pi wed* of Property fold may be so font ml depositedj if any Difficulty arsife before, or afr# Aora-i',

the Captors or CJatihaiiL) 11 ay

VIII. And whereas Injury is frequently sustained in the Sale of captured Property in remote Parts of his Majesty's Dominions, where there are unsuitable Markets for such Sales; be it therefore enacted, That in case of any Order for further Proof made by any Court of Vice Admiralty, and the Claimants thereof declining to take the Property whereon such Question shall arise upon Bail, it shall be lawful for the Court before which such Question shall be depending, with the Consent of the Captors and Claimants, or their respective Agents, to db-re£t such Property to be sent to England, and there to be sold by Consignees, to be named by such Parties as aforesaid, and the Proceeds of Sale to be forthwith deposited in the Bank of England, in the Names of such Consignees, subject to the final Adjudication, the Expences of Freight, Insurance, and other Charges attending the Transportation and Sale of the Property, to be a Charge thereon; and in case it shall appear to any such Court that the Consent of the Captors shallin any such Case be unreasonably withheld, the Captors shall (in case of Restition) be adjudged and made answerable, and shall pay such Sum as shall be adjudged in any such Court to be equal to the Difference in Value of the Property at the Time of such Restoration, and w hat would have been the Produce thereof if it had been sent for Sale to England, such Difference to be ascertained in such C#urU by such Ways and Means, and such Evidence as to what such Property would have fold for in Great Britain, and as to the Charges to which the same would have been subject, as such Court shall deem satisfactory for that Purpose.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if on any final Sentence or Adjudication of any such Court, an Appeal shall be duly entered, it shall be lawful for the Court from which such Appeal shall be made, at the Requisition of the Appellant, to direct the Property on which such Sentence or Adjudication shall have taken place, to be sent to England for Sale in like Manner as is herein-before directed, and the Proceeds to be deposited in the Bank to abide the De^ifion of the Lords Commissioners of Appeal; or in case the Property shall have been converted by Sale, the Proceeds thereof shall be sent and deposited in like Manner; and in case any Question or Difficulty shall arise respecting any such Property or Proceeds sent to England, either before or after any such Appeal, at any Time after their Arrival in England, or respecting the Sale or Proceeds thereof, it shall be competent for either the Captors or Claimants thereof, or their respective Agents, upon Notice to theadverse Parties, or their Agents, to apply by their Prodfor or Proctors to the High Court of Admiralty of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, if before the Appeal prosecuted, or afterwards to the Lords Commissioners of Appeal, for Directions in regard to the Sale or Management of such Property or Proceeds, and the said High Court of Admiralty or Lords Commissioners aforementioned respectively are hereby authorized to give such Order and Direction therein as the Nature and Circumstances of the Case may require, for the Security of the Property or Proceeds, or for the beneficial Employment of the said Proceeds in Government Securities for the Benefit of the Parties who may

A.D. 180r. 41° GEORGII III. {U.K.)

C. 96.

*93

apply by their Pi ollors, to the Admiralty Court here, or the Commissioners of Appeal for Directions.

On Appeals, Service upon his Majesty's Proctor shall be deemed Service upo» the Captain of a King's Ship; and on granting a Letter of Marque, the Owner shall nominate a Proctor, Service upon whom shall be deemed good Service. Such Proctor shall not answer for Damages from Non-Appearance, unless duly intruded. What shall be deemed futfi-

ultimately be entitled, and to cause such Order and Directions to be enforced and put in Execution, if the Came fh*!l beneceflary, by such and the like Ways and Means, and under and subjtd to such Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, and Rdlridions, as such Court or Lords Commissioners respectively may use or exercise, in relation to any Property, or Person or Persons, subjecto the Jurisdiction or Controulof such Court or Lords Commissioner* respectively.

X. And whereas great Inconveniences have heretofore arisen from Delays in serving the Processes of the*Court of Appeal for obtaining Appearances and other interlocutor Orders be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases of Captures by his Majesty's Ships, a Service upon his Majesty's Proctor shall be deemed an effectual Service upon the Commander of the Ship making such Capture; and that upon the taking out of all Letters of Marque, the Owners of the Ships or Vessels in respect whereof such Letters of Marque shall be granted, shall no-mmate and register in the Court granting such Lette'r of Marque a Proctor exercent in the Court of Appeal in Prize Causes, with Power of Revocation and Substitution; and a Service of Process upon such Proctor shall be deemed an effectual Service upon the Commander, Owners, and Sureties of Privateers in all Cases where an Appeal has been declared in the Court below within fourteen Days after Sentence; and in case any Privateer shall proceed to Adjudication against any Prize in any other Court than that from which the Letters of Marque shall have issued for such Privateer, it shall be nefceflary that a Proctor shall be registered as aforesaid, together with the Names of the Owners of and Sureties for the said Privateer, before the usual Monition is granted, upon which Proctor in like Manner the Service of the Process of the Court of Appeal shall be effectual: Provided neverthe-left, That his Majesty's Proctor, or any Proctor, nominated as aforesaid, shall not be answerable for any Damages arising to their Parties respectively, from no Appearance being given in their Behalf in the Court of Appeal, unless the Proctor so nominated shall have accepted such Nomination by a Writing under his Hand, and also unless the said Parties respectively shall have sufficiently intruded their said Prodors to appear and defend the Appeal.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where no Appeal has been entered as aforesaid, a Service of the Process either upon the Commander of the King's Ship, or upon his registered Agent in this Kingdom, or upon his Majesty's Law Officer in the Court below, or in Cases of Captures made by Privateers upon the cient Service* Commander of the Privateer, or upon either or any of the Owners, or upon either of the Sureties to the Letters '

of Marqae, shall be deemed a sufficient Service upon the Parties.^tered.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in all Proceedings had upon Captures made by any Privateer, the In Capture* by

Owners shall be deemed and considered Parties to all and every Part of such Proceedings, and the said Owners, Privateers Own-and likewise the Sureties, shall be jointly and severally liable to all Orders and Decrees made therein and made Altered Parties* upon them respectively, immediately after final Sentence, without further personal Service'upon the Commander, and wjti, their" or putting him in Contempt by Process of Contumacy. v Sureties liable f

Decrees immediately on^eutence.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent shall not any Claimant or Claimants in whose Favour a Sentence of Restitution shall have been parted, or shall be hereafter passed, from having tl)e Property claimed by him delivered to him or Bail in the Manner specified and directed by an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Sea-men, and for the better and more effectually manning his Majesty's Navy.

XIV. And whereas it is expedient that the most speedy and effectual Means shall be taken to enforce the Execation of the Orders and Decrees of the Lords Commissioners of Appeal, ' be it therefore enacted, That all interlocutory Orders, Final Decrees, Attachments, or other Processes issued by the Lords Commissioners of Appeal, to be executed in any of his Majesty's Plantations, may be transmitted to either of the said Vice Admiralty Courts in which the Cause originally depended; and in respect to Causes already depending, or which may have depended, in any other Vice Admiralty Court in the IVtft Indies, including therein the Bahama and Bermuda Islands, before its Fundions in Matters of Prizle shall have been revoked, then such Order, Decree, Allotment, or other Process may be sent to either of the said Vice Admiralty Courts, which the Lords Commissioners of Appeal shall direct, there to be registered and carried into Execution by the said Court; which Court, upon the same being duly complied with, shall take the same Measures as if the said Order, Decree, Attachment, or other Pror cess, had originally issued from the said Court.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be con-ft rued to extend, to restrain his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, from issuing or granting any Commission of Prize to any other Court or Courts, or from making such further Rules or Directions relating to any Courts of Admiralty for the Adjudication and Condemnation of Prizes, a6 by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, shall be thought necessary or proper.

pi event Delivery to a Claimant on Keltiiution under 35 G. 3. c. 66. [£24.] Orders, &c. of the Commissioners of Appeal to be executed in the FTantations, may be trans-'milted to either of the said Vice Admiralty Courts.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case his Majesty should he pleased to issue any Commission of Prize to any other Vice Admiralty Court in the West Indies, such Court shall be subject to the lame Regulations, and shall possefs the same Authorities and Powers, as are provided by this Act for the Vice Admiralty Courts in any two of the Islands in the West Indies and at Halifax.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person during the Time he shall hold the Office of Judge of any of the said Courts, shall, either by himself or by any Person on his Behalf or for his Benefit, ad as Agent for any Prizes that may be captured from the Enemy, or shall have any Share or Interest direct, or indirectly in any Privateer or Letter of Marque, or shall be anywise concerned in the Care, Management, or Superintendance of toy EfUtes in any Island in the West Indies or on the Continent of America.

His Majesty m Council may gram Commission of Prize ta any olhcrCoun*, or make further Rules.

Such Courts shall be Cubical to the Rules, Sec. under this ACi.

41 Geo. III. (U.K.)

No Judge shall as Agent for Prizes, or have any Inttreit in any Privateer, or be conferred in the Care of any Eiiateit

194

41° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1801.

c. 97.

Cap. xcvii.

An Act to continue several Laws relating to encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, until the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and three; to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand eight hundred and two; to the making the Port of St. John's, in the Island of Antigua* a free Port, until the tenth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and five; and to the permitting the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America, belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships, until the End of the War, and six Months after the signing the Definitive Treaty of Peace3 for reviving and further continuing, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and six, an Act: made in the twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yams made of Flax^for reviving^ continuing until the fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and two, and amending an Act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries; and for making perpetual so much of an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty as relates to ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Cfarkd s Hydrometer. fad July 1801.]

" So much of 26 G. 3. c. 26, for encouraging the Newfoundland Fisheries, See. as relates to Bounties, fean/i-u nued by 37 G. 3. c. 99. § I: 39 G. 3. c. 102: 39 £5*40 G. 3. c. 45. §8: ] further continued till Jan. i, " 1803. $ I — 26 6.3. c. 41, for Encouragement of the Greenland Seas Fisheries, &c. and so much of " 29 G. 3. c. 53, as relates to those Fisheries, [, continued by 32 G. 3. c. 22: 38 G. 3. c. 35. 39 G. 3. c. 101 s 39^40 G. 3. c. 45". §9.] further continued till Dec. 25, 1802. §2. — So much of 33 G. 3. c. 50, ar

u respects the Port of St. John's in Antigua> [continued by 37 G. 3. c. 99. §2.] further continued till 11 July 10, 1805. $ 3."

39-fc 40 G. 3.

IV. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his c. 34» for Pr* present Majesty, intituled, An si8 to permit the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America* fitting the belonging to any foreign European Sovereign or State in neutral Ships, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand eight hundred and one9 shall be, and the same is hereby continued until the End of the War, and six Months. America, con- after the ngning of the Definitive Treaty of Peace.

Cinued till the End of the War, &c.

19 (£. 2. c. 15. for granting a Bounty on British and IriOm Linens, &c.

by 39 K 40 3. r. 45. §2.] revived and further continued tiH June 24, 1806.

39 G. 3. c. 100. for the Encouragement of the British Fisheries, [(vn>'nded, and continued by 39 R 40 G. 3. c. 85.] further continued till April 5, 1802.

f 2 of 39 A 40 G. 3. c. 85, as to the Isle of Man, repealed, and the Fish Curers refilling there shall have the like Bounties for Herrings a- Fi^h Curers landing Herrings in Great Britain, payable

V. r And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty" King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported; and taking off the Duties on the Importation of foreign raw Linen Yams made of Flax9 which said Act was, by two other Acts of the tenth and nineteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, extended and continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, was further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one, shall be revived and continued, and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue in full Force and Effect from the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and six.

VI. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present: Majesty, intituled, An Act to revive and continue, until the End of the next Sejfon of Parliament9 an Act made im the thirty -fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to continue and amend an Act, made in the twenty sixth Yeasr of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Ft/heries if and to amend an Act, made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for extending the Fisheries» and improving the Sea Cocjls of this Kingdom, which was amended ana continued by an Act of the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, until the fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and one, be revived and continued, and the same i9 hereby revived, and shall continue in full Force and EflFeft from and immediately after the said fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and one, until the fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and two.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said last mentioned Act of the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years aforesaid, as relates to the lfie of Man shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act, the Fishers and Fish Curers in the said JJIe oj Man shall have and receive all such and the like Bounties for all Herrings landed in the said Island, as are payable to Fish Curers residing in Great Britain, for Herrings landed in Great Britain, and such Bounties shall be payable and paid in like Manner in every Respect, and under and subject to the like Rules, Regulations* Conditions, and Restrictions as Bounties for Herrings landed in Great Britain are payable and paid: Provided* That all such Bounties shall be payable and paid out of the Surplusage of the Annual Customs of the said Island, in such Manner as is prescribed and directed by the said Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and not otherways.

according to 26 G. 3. c. 81. §33.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) C. 97, 98.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making Allowances to the Dealers in foreign Wines, for the Stock of certain foreign Wines in their Possession, at a certain "Time upon which the Duties on Importation have been paid; and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise, as directs that all Spirits shall be deemed and taken to be of the Degree of Strength at which the Hydrometer commonly Called Clarke's Hydrometer, shall, upon Trial by any Officer or Officers of Excise, denote any such Spirits to be, which was to continue in Force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and which, by several subsequent Acts, wa9 continued until ibe'fiHl Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one, shall be made perpetual.

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland, for one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one. {2d July 1801.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay and W Cloathing of the Militia of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall issue in Money the Sums required, to the Agent or Agents, or to the Clerk or Clerks of such Regiments or Battalions of Militia as shall be raised, which they are to apply in the Manner and for the several Uses herein after mentioned; (that is to say), for the Pay of the said Militia, for four Calendar Months in Advance, at the Rate of six Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, from the Date of his Commission, where an Adjutant is appointed; and at the Rate of one Shilling and one Penny for each Serjeant, from the Day of his Enlistment, with the Addition of two Shillings and Sixpence a Week for each Serjeant Major and Quarter Master Serjeant, where a Serjeant Major and Quarter Master Serjeant are appointed; and at the Rate of Eight-pence a Day for each Drummer, from the Date of his Enlistment, with the Addition of Sixpence a Day for each Drum-major, where a Drum-major is appointed; and at the Rate of Eight-pence a Day for each Corporal, from the Date of his Enlistment; and also at the Rate of Four-pence a Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment and Battalion of Militia; one Penny whereof shall be applied for defraying the Hospital Expences of each Regiment or Battalion, during the Time of the Men's being from Home upon Account of their annual Exercise $ and also for Half a Year's Salary for the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia belonging to such County, or County of a City, at the Rate of fifty Pounds a Year.

II. And be it enacted, That all such Sums of Money granted for the Pay of the Militia of Ireland as aforesaid, shall be paid by the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in Ireland into the Hands of the Agent or Agents, or the Clerk or Clerks of the Regiments or separate Battalions of Militia belonging to such Counties or County of a City or Town, upon producing his or their Warrant or Warrants of Appointment to them, under the Hand and Seal of the Colonel, or where there is no Colonel, under the Hand and Seal of the Commanding Officer of such Regiment or Battalion of Militia for such County, County of a City or Town; and such Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in Ireland shall also, within fourteen Days after the Expiration of the third Calendar Month from the Time of such first Payment, make a second Payment for four Calendar Months in Advance; and shall also, within fourteen Days after the Expiration of three Calendar Months from the Time of such second Payment make a third Payment for four Calendar Months in Advance, for the Pay and contingent Expences of the Militia, and for the Allowances to the Regimental or Battalion' Clerk or Clerks aforesaid, in the Proportions herein-before mentioned; and the Receipts of such Agent or Agents, or Clerk or Clerks, shall be a sufficient Discharge to such the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, for the several Sums of Money so by them paid.

III. And be it enacted, That the Agent or Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of the Militia of Ireland shall forthwith, after the Receipt of such Sums of Money as aforesaid, pay or cause to be paid one Calendar Month's Pay in Advance to the Adjutant of such Regiment or Battalion respectively; and to the Captain or Officer commanding each Company belonging to such Regiment or Battalion, two Months' Pay in Advance for the Serjeants, Drummers, and Corporals; and also to the Officer commanding the Company to which the Serjeant-major and Drum-major shall belong, two Months' Pay in Advance for such Serjeant and Drum-Major; and so from Time to Time, as long as any Money on that Account shall remain -in his Hands: which Pay every such Captain or Officer commanding is hereby required to distribute to each Person belonging to his Company, by this Act entitled to receive the same, a6 it shall become due; and shall, once in each Year, give in to the Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion to which such Company shall belong, an Account of the several Payments he shall have made in puriuauce of this Act, according to the following Form:

195

§ 17 of 27 G. J. c. 31. as relates to ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydro* meter, made perpetual.

The Irirti Trea* fury shall issue the Money required, to tilQ Agents or Clerks of such Regiments of Militia as shall be raised, which they shall apply in Manner herein directed.

Such Agents or Clerks shall produce their Warrant of Appointment tO the Treasury, who shall issue the Pay of Militia at the Periods herein dated.

Such Agents, See. shall pay in Advmce one Month's Pay the Adjutant, and two Month's Pay to each Captain for the Serjeants, See. and for the Serjeant-Major and Drum-Major two Month's Pay. Captains shall account for the same yearly.

C c i

County

196 C. 98.

4i° GEORGII III. (U.K.)

A.D. 180 r.

County of

Dr.

1

To Cash received of Mr.

Regimental or Battalion Clerk, or the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's f Treasury in Ireland [qs tlx Case shall be] j for two Months' Pay in Advance, — J

/. d.

1 i|

Per Contra9

Cr.

one in

1 I

Paid Serjeant for

Days ray, from the to the

of following

Ditto as Serjeant-major (if Company) -

Paid Serjeant for

Pay, from the Day of the Day of

Paid Drummer

per Day from the Day of to the Day

of following -

Ditto as Drum-major (if one in the Com-

£ ' i.

Day of Day

the*

Days '1

to

following J

Days, at-

pany) Paid the

Paid

the

Drummer

Day of Day of Corporal

Day of Day of

J

Days, from"!

to the > following 3*Days from T j to the j. following J

and pay back the Surplus.

On Discharge of Serjeants or Drummers as unfit for Service no Pay shall be

And shall pay back to the said Clerk, or to the Lords Comrtiiflioners of his Majesty's Treasury (as the Case shall be), the Surplus (if any) by him from Time to Time received, and then remaining in his Hands*

IV. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That in case the Commanding Officer of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, shall certify in Writing, to the Agent or Clerk of the same, that he had discharged any Serjeant or Drummed as unfit for the Service; that in such Case, no Pay be issued for the Person no ray man dc discharged, until another be duly appointed by him; and that no Payment be made to any Serjeant of issued, tilt others Drummer who hath been so discharged, or who has not prevkmfiy been approved of by the Commanding arc appointed; Officer in case of Vacancy by Death or otherwise. nor Paymeix made to those discharged- by Commanding Officer.

Agents, &c. V. And be it enacted, That the Agent or Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia m. Ireland^ out

Command'nr*Money hereby directed to be issued and paid to him for defraying the contingent Expences of each

v.omma*mng R

intent or Battalion, shall yearly and every Year pay to the Colonel or Officer commanding such Regiment or Battalion, one Penny a Month for each private Man and Drummer, for defraying the Hospital Expences of each respective Company of such Regiment or Battalion, during the Time of the Men's being absent from Home upon Account of their annual Exercise; and shall, from Time to Time, issue and pay such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Repair of Arms, and the Carnage and Removal thereof, upon an Order in Writing, signed by the Colonel or Officer commanding such Regiment or Battalion; and after Payment of such Sums as shall be so ordered by such Colonel or Commanding Officer as aforesaid to be paid, 4* shall yearly* and every Year make up an Account of all such Money, and the Expenditure thereof, and of the Balance-remaining in his Hands, which said Balance shall form a Stock Purse for the Use of the Regiment, and he fhalF transmit such Account to the Colonel or Commanding Officer of such Regiment or Battalion, to be by him examined, allowed, and signed; and the Account so allowed and ligned shall he, and is hereby directed to be, the proper Voucher and Acquittal of such Agent or Clerk for the Application and Disposal of such Money.

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, at a* General Meeting to be held for any County, County of a City or Town in Ireland, shall have fixed the Days of Exercise for the Militia, the Colonel or Commanding Officer shall, as soon as may be, certify the same to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, specifying the Number of Men, and the Number of Days such Men are to be absent from Home on Account of such Exercise, not exceeding in the Whole twenty-eight Days; and the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury are hereby required, withiit fourteen Days after the Receipt of such Certificate, to issue and pay to the Agents or Clerks of the several Regiments or Battalions, at the Rate of ten Shillings per Day for the Captain of each Company, and at the Rate of five Shillings and Eight-pence per Day for each Lieutenant not holding a second Commission in the Regiment or Battalion, and of four Shillings and Eight-pence per Day for each Ensign not holding a, fqeoncL Commission in the Regiment or Battalion; but if any of the Lieutenants or Ensigns of the Regiment or Battalion shall hold a second Commission in the fame, then the Pay of such, Lieutenant or Ensign shall be at the-Rate of four Shillings and Eight-pence per Day for the Lieutenant, and of three Shillings and Eight-pence per Day for the Ensign; and also at the Rate of one Shilling per Day for each Private Militia-man, for the Number of Days such Officers and Men shall be absent from Home on Account of such Exercise; and the said Regimental or Battalion Agents or Clerks are hereby required forthwith to pay to each Captain of the said-Regiments or Battalions the Proportion of Pay belonging to etfch Captain, and likewise the Pay belonging to their respective Companies.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Captain of each Company shall make up an Account of all Monies received and paid by him on Account of such Exercise, according to the following Form

>fficer, out of contingent Money id. a-Month for each private Man and Drummer, for defraying Hospital Expences; and also Money for repairing Arms, kc.

When the Days of Exercise of he Militia are fixed, and cc--tified with certain Particulars to the Treasury, Pay after the Rates herein specified shall be issued to the Agent, &c.

Captains (halt make up Accounts of the Money they receive on Account of Exercise.,

County

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. ( .) C. 98, 99, 100.

County of Dr.

£. s. J.

To Cash received of the

Regimental or Battalion Agent or Clerk, or the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasurr [ax the Case shall he\ j '

for Days Pay of j

Men — — — J j

Per Contra>

By my Pay as Captain Paid Lieutenant Paid Ensign

Paid Militia Men

Days

Cr.

£' e.

197

Which Account shall be signed by the said Captain, and countersigned by the Commanding Officer; and such Captain shall, within ten Days after the Tin\e such Exercise shall be finished, deliver such Account, and pay the Balance, (if there be any due), to the Regimental or Battalion Agent or Clerk; and such Accounts shall he allowed as sufficient Vouchers by the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, is or shall be White the Mili-embodied, and called out into actual Service, whereby the Officers and Private Militia-men shall be entitled to tia arc embodied, the same Pay as the Officers and Private Meu in his Majesty's Regiments of Foot, all Pay as aforesaid, whether

to the Adjutants, Serjeants, Private Militia-men, or others, and all Money allowed as aforesaid for the contin- Forced, the°Pay gent Expences of such Regiment or Battalion of Militia, and also the Allowance to the Agent or Clerk of granted by thi. tuch Regiment or Battalion, shall, during such Time of actual Service, and until such Regiment or Battalion Att shall not be shall be disembodied and return Home, cease and not be paid. allowed.

IX. And be it enacted, That if it shall be deemed inexpedient by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief The Lord Lieu* Governor or Governors of Ireland in Council, to raise, embody, or continue the Militia in any County or tenant may Counties, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the forb, (1 the Time being, by and with the Advice of the Privy Council, to forbid the raising, assembling, or embodying of ^e^iiitia o? the Militia of such County or Counties, and to Hay all Proceedings therein for such Time as shall be deemed ^ly County, expedient.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §10/9

CAP. XCIX.

An Act for granting Bounties for taking and bringing Fish to the Cities of London and Westminster, and other Places in the United Kingdom, [2d July 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that every Encouragement should be given to the promoting a Supply of fresh Fish for the Consumption of the Inhabitants of London and Westminster, and other populous Cities and Towns: And whereas it will greatly conduce to promote such Supply, that the Lords CoramifBoners of the Treasury, for the Time being, (houkl be empowered to grant Bounties to Persons taking and

bringing such Fish to Market may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the lung's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, to give and grant out of the Surplus of the Monies granted in the last Session of Parliament, for the Purchase of Stores of Herrings, such Premiums, Sums of Money, Bounties to Persons taking and bringing Fish to the Markets of London, Westminster, or any other City, Town, or Port in the United Kingdom, and to make and publish Rules and Regulations in Relation to the taking and bringing to Market such Fish, and to regulate the Amount of such Bounties, and the Terms and Conditions upon which the same shall be granted, and to cause the same to be paid in such Sums, and at such Times, and in such Manner and Proportions, and to annex such Penalties and Forfeitures for Breach of any such Rules, Regulations, Terms, and Conditions, as shall seem to them beR suited to the promoting the beneficial Purposes of this Act; and also to make any Allowances, or apply any such Sum or Sums of Money, as they shall think necessary, in the Payment of any Expences incurred in the promoting and encouraging an iucrcafe of the.Supply of Fish.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Premium or Bounty to the Owner or Owners of any one Vessel, Boat, or other Craft, shall exceed the Sum of five hundred Pounds; and provided also, That, such Bounties, Premiums, and other Sums of Money, shall not, in the Whole, exceed the Sum of thirty thousand Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That an Account of the Amount of such Premiums, Bounties, and Sums o# Money expended under this Act, and the Quantities of Fish, in respect whereof any such Premiums or Bounties shall have been given, and the Ports or Places to which the same shall have been brought for Sale, shall be prepared and laid before both Houses of Parliament, within fourteen Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

CAP. C.

The Treasury may gram Bounties to Persons bringing Fish to the Markets of London, or of any other Place in this Kingdom., and make and publish Regulations under which the same shall bcpa«d, &c.

Bounties fhifl not exceed 500J. to one Vessel; or 30, 0001. in the Whole.

An Account of the Bounties paid shall be laid before Parliament*

An Act to repeal the Tax on Salaries, Profits of Employments, Fees, and Pensions in Ireland, of Persons not resident in Ireland for a certain Period.

[2d July 1801 .J

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting for one Tear the several Duties therein mentioned, in lieu of ^ilh Act,

all other Duties payable on the Articles therein specified during the said Term^ and for regulating the Trade between^Schrtul&G

this L/e Sa/ariti.} '

C. 10o, ioi, 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

this Kingdom and his Majesty's Colonies, and for other Purfofes therein mentioned\ a Tax was granted to his Majesty of four Shillings out of every twenty Shillings which any Person having at any Time between the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred, and the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one inclusive, any Salary, Profits of Employments, Fees, or Pensions in Ireland, unless such Person should live and actually reside within Ireland for and during the Space of six Calendar Months at lead between the said Times: And whereas by an Act passed this Semon of Parliament, intituled, An Act for contfKuing until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, certain Acts of the last tSeJfion of the Parliament of Ireland for granting Duties to his Majesty, the several Duties, Rates, and Taxes granted by the said first recited Act, except as therein mentioned are continued throughout Ireland from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, until and upon the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two: And whereas it is expedient that the said Tax of four Shillings, continued by the said last-recited Act, should be no longer payable be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

So much of last Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said

recued Att as last-recited Act as continues the said Tax of four Shillings out of every twenty Shillings which any Person

"Via having at any Time between the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, and the

the Pound on twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, any Salary, Profits of Employments, Fees,

Salaries &c. or Pensions in Ireland shall receive, unless such Person should live and actually reside in Ireland for and during

of Persons not the Space of six Calendar Months, between the said Periods, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that Undr"c 'lakcT* Rules and Directions for ascertaining and Securing the said Tax, and Powers for-enforcing the Payment 1*ic^c 1*thereof contained in any Act of the Parliament of Ireland\ shall be and the same are hereby repealed, so far as the same might be applicable to the Duty hereby repealed*

4t Act may be altered or repealed this Seffioiu §2."

198

C. r", ot thii Seilioa.

CAP. CL

An Act for regulating, until the first Day of May one thousand eight hundred and two, the Trial of Controverted Elc61 ions or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Irelatidy for that Part of the United Kingdom called Irelattd \ and for regulating the Qualifications of Members to serve in the said United Parliament.

[2d July 1801.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Session of Parliament, held in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, it c. 67. 1 was amongst other Things enacted, That the said Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland should, upon the

first Day of January in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and one, and for ever after, be united into one Kingdom, by the Name of The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and that the said United Kingdom should be represented in one and the same Parliament, to be stiled. The ParliaitfM of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and that -one hundred Commoners should be the Number to

fit and vote on the Part of Ireland in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom and that all Questions touching the Election of Members to fit on the Part of Ireland in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, should be heard and decided in the same Manner as Questions touching such Elections in Great Britain then were, or at any Time thereafter should by Law be heard and decided; 4 subject nevertheless to such particular Regulations in respect of Ireland, as, from local Circumstances, the Parliament of the United Kingdom might from Time to Time deem expedient : Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, All former Bri- and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after pSti^PetUions t*ie Pa*n£ this Act, all and every the Rules, Regulations, Authorities, and Powers heretofore given or ^rhlrlloufeof prescribed by any Act or Acts of the Parliament of Great Britain, and in Force at the Time of the pamng of Commons, the said Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, with respect to Petitions presented to the House of complaining of Commons complaining of undue Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, or complaining o"Itetmn^ or* Om^on or Inefficiency of any such Return, and with respect to Petitions of Persons desiring to oppose

of the 'omilHon anT of Election, or any Right of choosing, nominating, or appointing Returning Officers, which shall

or Insufficiency have been deemed valid by the Determination of any Select Committee of the House of Commons, and with

of Returns, or respect to the Trial and Determination of all such Petitions by such Select Committees, shall be in full Force

for opposing the and Effect with respect to all such Petitions as shall or may be hereafter from Time to Time presented to the ?oflof theCC" Koufe of Commons of the Parliament of the said United Kingdom, complaining of undue Elections or Right of* Returns of Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town, choosing return- or Place, in any Part of the said United Kingdom, or of the Omission or Insufficiency of any such Returns, ing Officers, ex- or from any Person or Persons desiring to oppose any such Right of Election, or of choosing, nominating, or tended to such appointing Returning Officers, in as full and ample a Manner as if the same Rules, Regulations, Authorities, UnhcTparlia* an^ Powers were herein repeated, and particularly and specifically enacted concerning the same Petitions, and m< nt from any the Trial and Determination thereof; except so far as the same are altered in and by this present Act.

Place in the United Kingdom.

Petition for Place* in Ireland shall state all the Circumstances to which the Petitioners in-

II. And be it further enacted, That no Petition complaining of an undue Election or Return for any County, City, Borough, Town, or Place, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, or of the Omission or Insufficiency of any such Return, or from any Person or Persons desiring to oppose any Right of Election, or of choosing, nominating, or appointing Returning Officers, in or for any such County, City, Borough, Tow n, or Place, shall be proceeded upon by the House of Commons, unless the same shall, in Addition

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U. AT.) C. 101.

to the Matters and Things required by any Act or Acts now in Force, also state the Day on which the Poll doled, (if any such Poll took Place, )* and also the Day on which the Sheriff or other Returning Officer made his Return, or being required so to do, refused or neglected to make such Return; nor unless the same Petition shall also state all and every the several Matters and Things of and concerning which the Petitioner or Petitioners presenting the same is or are desirous of complaining, and to which he or they purpose or intend to call and examine Witnesses; and that no Witness or Witnesses shall be called or examined by or on the Behalf of such Petitioner or Petitioners, either by or before the Select Committee of the House of Commons, to be chosen for the Trial and Determination of the Merits of such Petitions, or by or before the Commissioners to be chosen and appointed in Ireland in Manner herein after mentioned, to any Matter or Thing not contained or set forth in such Petitions.

III. And, for the avoiding the Inconvenience and Expence which may in certain Cases arise by reason of Witnesses being brought from Ireland, to be personally examined before Committees of the House of Commons; be it enacted, That whenever a Select Committee of the House of Commons shall at any Time hereafter be appointed for the Trial and Determination of any Petition, complaining of an undue Election or Return of Members to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Borough, Town, or Place, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, or complaining of the Omission or Insufficiency of any such Return, or from any Person or Persons desiring to oppose any Right of Election, or any Right of choosing a Returning Officer or Returning Officers, in or for uich County, City, Borough, Town, or Place, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chairman of the said Select Committee, and he is hereby required, upon the Request and at the Desire, either of any Petitioner or Party signing such Petition, or of the Sitting Member, or of the Returning Officer if complained against, or of any other Party petitioned against, or whose Right to be elected or returned maybe afte&ed by the Determination of the said Sele& Committee, in the first Instance, and before the said Select Corfimittee shall proceed to enquire into or decide upon the Merits of the said Petition, to issue a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of him the said Chairman, directed to the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, or his Deputy, ordering and requiring him to nominate and appoint Commissioners, in such Manner as is herein after directed, for the Purpose of trying and examining all or any of the Allegations, Matters, and Things mentioned and contained in the said Petition; and whidi Warrant shall be in the following Form; (videlicit)9

4 To the Cterl of the Crown in Ireland, or his Deputy r

*D Y virtue of the Powers in me veiled, by an Act passed in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his Majesty

-E* King George the Third, intituled, An Act [here set forth the Title of this Act] I

Chairman of the Select Committee of the House of Commons* appointed to try the Merits

of a Petition from [here set forth the Name or Names of the Petitioner or Petitioners, and of the Place to which the Petition relates'] Do hereby authorize and require you, or one of you, forthwith to proceed to nominate

and appoint Commissioners for the Purpose of tiying and examining all the Allegations, Matters, and Things

mentioned and contained in the said Petition j [or otherwise Jlale the particular Matters and Things which are to be tried and examined by the said Commissionen, and fay7 being Part of the Allegations, Matters, and Things mentioned and contained in the said Petition; ] in such Manner and Form as in the said Act is particularly mentioned and directed. Given under my Hand and Seal at Westminster, this

Day of I

And the said Chairman shall annex or cause to be annexed to his said Warrant, a true Copy of the Petition which shall have been referred to the said SeleA Committee; and the said Warrant shall be conveyed to the said Clerk of the Crown in Ireland\ or his Deputy, in the Method used in conveying Writs; and immediately upon the granting of such Warrant, the said Chairman shall report the Proceedings.of the said Committee to the House, and thereupon the said Select Committee shall be chffolved, and shall hot proceed any further on the Trial or Determination of the Petition in question: Provided always, That if none of the Parties interested as aforesaid, shall require the Chairman of the said Select Committee to issue such Warrant, then and in such Case the said Select Committee shall proceed to try the Merits of the said Petition in the same Manner as controverted Elections are tried for that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case no other or further Proceedings or Business shall be had or done by or before such Select Committee, than the issuing of a Warrant for the Purposes aforesaid by she Chairman of the said Committee in Manner aforesaid, no Member of such Select Committee shall be deemed to have servedon the said Committee, so as to be excused from serving again on any other Select Committee to be chosen in the same Session for the Trial of any Petition respecting the Matters and Things aforesaid, or any of them.

ther Com mint

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if within fourteen Days after the presenting any such Petition to the House of Commons, complaining of an undue Election or Return for any County, City, Bo-xragh, Town, or Place, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, or of the Omission or Insufficiency of any such Return, or from any Person or Persons desiring to oppose any Right of Election, or of choosing, aominating, or appointing Returning Officers in or for any such County, City, Borough, Town, or Place, either of the Parties petitioning or petitioned against, or whose Right to be elected or returned may be affected by the Trial of the said Petition, shall apply to the said House, praying that the Speaker of the said Hotise may issue his Warrant to the said Clerk of the Crown or his Deputy, for the Purpose of appointing Commissioners as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawfful for the said Speaker, with the Leave of the said House, and he m hereby authorized and required to issue such Warrant accordingly for that Purpose, in such Manner and Form as to him shall seem requisite; and that thereupon all such further and other Proceedings shall be had, as

arc

199

tend to examine*

Witnesses.

Chairman of ther Select Committee on any Irish Election may, on Request of either Party by Warrant, require the Clerk of the Ciown in Ireland-to appoint Commissioners to examine Witnesses. See. in Ireland, and the said Committee shall thereupon -be dissolved.

Members of Si>-

le<ft Committee, where only fm.li Warrant ii issued, jh ^11 not

be cxuited from serving on .mo-e in that Session. In what Case the Speaker nay lifue .1 Warrant to fucit Commit-lVoner*.

C. IOT

Clerk of ihc Crown ini reland Dull give Notice ot* the Time and Place for appointing Cum-milTvoner*.

For appointing four Ommissionets, fix Fexson* having icol. per Annum in Lands in Ireland, and not being entitled to vote, i»br being Sheriff, &c. nnr Counsel nt the Ele^fVion, shall be nominated, by each Party, and, a J.irt being made of the Whole, the Names shall be reduced to four.

a

A Sanifter shall be nominated by all the Parties

jointly, or in their Default, by the Clerk of the Crown (not being a Peer) or his Deputy, to be a fifth Commt (firmer and Chairman of the Commission.

41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

are herein-before and herein after directed and appointed, in case of a Warrant being issued by the ChtiTnan of any Select Committee; and that such Application to the House shall be deemed a Proceeding on the said Petition, within the true Intent and Meaning of the Statutes now in Force for the regulating the Trial of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, or any of them.

VI. And be it further enacltd, That the said Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, or his Deputy, flxall, immediately upon the Receipt of the Warrant of the Speaker of the House of Commons, or of the Chairman of the said Committee, as the Case may be, indorse on the same the Day and Hour when the said Warrant was received by him, and shall, in the next Number of the Dublin Gazette which shall he published after the Receipt of the said Warrant, give Notice that he will, at the Crown Office in the City of 'Dublin, at the Hour of one of the Clock in the Afternoon of a certain Day to be by him named in such Notice (such Day not being less than three Days nor more than seven Days diilant from the Time of inferring such Notice) proceed to appoint such Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, in Manner and according to the Provisions and Directions in and by this present Act provided and contained.

VII. And be it further enacted, That at the Day and Place so appointed, in the Presence of the said Clerk of the Crown or his Deputy, and also in the Presence of the Petitioners, their Counsel or Agents, and of the Sitting Members, their Counsel or Agents, and also in the Presence of all Parties before the House on distinct Interests, or complaining or complained of on different Grounds, or whose Right to be deeded or returned mar be affected by the Determination of any Select Committee on the Petition in Question, or their several and respective Counsel or Agents, (or in the Presence of such of the said Parties, then* Counsel or Agents, as shall then and there attend) the Names of six Persons each having an Estate of Freehold for his bwn Life, or for feme greater Estate, either in Law or in Equity, for his own Use and Benefit, of or in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, over and above what will satisfy and clear all Incumbrances that may affect the same lying or'being within that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, of the annual Value of two hundred Pounds, and having consented to become Commissioners, on being appointed in Manner liereiH-after mentioned, and not 'being nor having been at the Time of the Election in question, entitled to vote for the County, City, Borough, Town, or Place respecting which the Election or Return complained of, or other Subject Matter of the Petition in question, arose or happened, and not being nor having been, at the Time of the Election in question, Sheriff of the County, or Returning Officer of the City, Borough, Town, or Place, in or for which the said Election, Return, or other Matter of the Petition in question, arose or happened, nor having been Counsel at such Election, shall be delivered to the said Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, by or on Behalf of each and every of the said distin£i Parties, or by or on Behalf of such of them as shall then and there attend by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents; and a List of the Whole of such Names shall forthwith be made by the said Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, and given by him to all the said Parties, their Counsel or Agents/or such of them as shall be then and there present; and thereupon the said Parties, their Counsel or Agents, beginning on the Part of the said Petitioners, flxall proceed alternately, or if there shall be more than two Parties before the House on distinct Interests, or complaining or complained of upon different Grounds, or whose Right to be elected or returned may be affected by the Determination of the said Select Committee, the said Parties, their Counsel or Agents, shall proceed successively, as the Case may require, to strike off the Name of one of the said Persons contained in the said Lift, until the Number shall be reduced to four, which said four Persons shall, together with the Barrister to be named and appointed in Manner herein after mentioned, be Commissioners for the Purpose of trying and examining all such Matters and Things as shall be mentioned and contained in the Warrant of the said Speaker, or of the said Chairman of the Select Committee of the House of Commons, on the Petition in question, for that Purpose directed to the said Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy* in Manner herein-before mentioned: Provided always, That if all the Parties interested shall agree to deliver* and shall deliver to the said Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, a List of four Persons so qualified, and consenting as aforesaid, such Lift being signed by all the said Parties interested, such four Persons shall be and become Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, as if the said four Persons had been appointed in Manner herein-before mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That Within three Days next after the Appointment of the said four Commissioners, all the Parties interested in the said Petition, who shall have appeared before the said Clerk of the Crown or his Deputy, and shall have joined in appointing the said four Commissioners in Manner aforesaid, shall also join in nominating and appointing some one Barrister, of not less than six Years (landing, who shall have been agreed upon by all the said Parties, to be one other Commissioner for the Purposes aforesaid, and to be Chairman of the said Commissioners as herein after mentioned, and who shall have consented to be so nominated and appointed; which Nomination and Appointment of the said Parties, and Consent of the said Barrister, shall be signified in Writing under the Hands of all the said Parties, and of the said Barrister respectively, and delivered to the said Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, at the Crown Office in the said City of Dublin, between twelve and one of the Clock in the Afternoon on the third Day exclusive from the Day of appointing the said four Commissioners in Manner aforesaid (or in case such Day shall be Sunday, Good Friday* or Christmcu Day, then between the same Hours on the succeeding Day); and in Case such Nomination and Appointment shall not be so delivered to the said Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, within the Time aforesaid, then the said Clerk of the Crown, (not being a Peer of the Realm) or his Deputy, on the Application of any of the said Parties Interested in the said Petition, shall and may, and he is hereby required, authorised and empowered, at one of the Clock in the Afternoon of the fourth Day exclusive from the Day of appointing the said four Commissioners (or in case such Day shall be Sunday, Good Friday, or Christmas Day> then at the same Hour on the succeeding Day) at the Crown Office in the said City of Dublin, to nominate and appoint any Barrister of six Years (landing, and consenting as aforesaid, to be such one other Commissioner, and Chairman of the said Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid.

A.D. 1801.

201

41° GEORGII C. 10r.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Cases of Petitions complaining of any Return made by a Returning Officer or Returning Officers, or of the OmHfion of such Return, if more than oue such Petition shall have been presented to the House of Commons respecting the same Return, or Omission of a Return, on diflind Interests, or complaining on different Grounds, the Returning Officer or Officers, or the Person appearing or acting for him or them, shall not be entitled to deliver in any List to the said Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, nor to join with the Petitioners in striking off from the Lift to be made by the said Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, in Manner aforesaid, nor to join with the said Petitioners in nominating a Barriller to be a fifth Commissioner and Chairman of the said Commissioners in Manner aforesaid, unless the said Returning Officer or Officers shall produce to the said Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, a Certificate under the Hand of the Clerk of the House of Commons, which Certificate the said Clerk of the House of Commons is hereby authorized and required to grant, that such Returning Officer or Officers was or were permitted to strike off from the Lift of Members of the House of Commons drawn by Lot, on the Appointment of the Select Committee of the said House for the Trial of the said Petition, or that the said House had determined, from the Nature of the Case, that the said Returning Officer or Officers should and ought to he so entitled.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if within one Hour after the Time fixed in pursuance

this Act, for the Purpose of proceeding to the Appointment of such four Commissioners in Manner aforesaid, the Petitioner or Petitioners, or some one or more of them who shall have signed any Petition for the Purposes aforesaid, shall not appear before the said Cleric of the Crown, or his Dq>uty, by himself or thera-selves, or by his or their Counsel or Agents, then and in such Case the said Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, shall not proceed to the Appointment of such four Commissioners, but shall forthwith make and prepare a Certificate that such Petition was not proceeded upon, and shall transmit the said Certificate to the said Speaker of the House of Commons, upon the Receipt of which Certificate the said Speaker shall report the same to the House; and thereupon all Orders of the said House, and of the said Select Committee, respecting the said 'Petition, shall be discharged, and such Petition shall not be any further proceeded upon in the Manner directed by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts now in force receding the fame; and the Petitioner or Petitioners so neglecting to appear, shall be held to have made Default in the Recognizance or Recognizances entered into by him or them on the presenting of the Petition, in the same Manner as if the Petitioner or Petitioners bad neg-leded to appear before the said House, or before the Select Committee appointed for the Trial of such Petition.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if within one Hour after the Time so fixed in pursuance of this Act, for proceeding to the Appointment of Commissioners as aforesaid, the Sitting Member or Sitting Members, or other Party or Parties opposing the Petition, shall not appear by himself or themselves, or by his or their Counsel or Agents, thereupon, for the Purpose of reducing the Lift of such Names as shall be delivered by or on Behalf of any Party or Parties appearing before the said Clerk of the Crown, or his Dq>uty, to four, the Place of a Party opposing the Petition shall be supplied by the Clerk of the Crown or his Deputy, who shall, 'as often as it shall come to his Turn, as supplying the Place of the Party opposing the Petition, to strike out a Name, strike out that Name which then shall be first in the said Lift j and the same Method of reducing the said Lift to the Number of four, shall be followed whenever any Party shall wave his Right of striking off Names from the said Lift.

XII. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as five Commissioners shall be appointed in Manner aforesaid, the said Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, shall issue his Warrant to each of the Commissioners fb appointed, commanding and requiring him, under the Penalty of one thousand Pounds, to repair to the City, Town, or Place in or for which the Election or Return complained of, or other Subject Matter of the Petition, arose or happened, on a Day certain, to be named in the said Warrant, and which Day shall not be Ids than fevm Days nor more than fourteen Days distant from the Day on which the said Commissioners were appointed in Manner aforesaid; and in case any of the said Commissioners shall neglect or refofe to obey the Injunction of the said Warrant, he or they so neglecting or refuting shall accordingly forfeit the said Sum of one thousand Pounds; and the said Clerk of the Crown or his Deputy shall, together with such Warrant, also transmit to each of the said Commissioners a Copy of the said Warrant of the said Speaker of the House of Commons, or of the Chairman of the said Select Committee, as the Case may be, and of the Petition in question; and the said Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, shall also insert a Copy of his said Warrant in the next Number of the Dublin Gazette which shall be published after his issuing his said Warrant; and each of the said Parties by or lor whom the Names in the said Lift shall be so (truck off as aforesaid, shall pay to the said Clerk of the Crow or his Deputy, in full Satisfaction of his Trouble and Attendance in the Execution of this Act, the Sum of ten Pounds.

XIII. And be it for thet enacted, That on the Day and at the Place appointed, between the Hours of ten in the Forenoon and four in the Afternoon, the said Commissioners shall meet and open their Court, or commence their Proceedings, by appointing the said Barrister so nominated and appointed as aforesaid to be Chairman yf the said Commission, and by reading the said Warrant of the said Cltrk of the Crown or his Deputy to thepi directed, and also the Copy of the said Warrant of the said Speaker of the House of Commons, or of tpe Chairman of the said Select Committee, as the Case may be, directed to the said Clerk of the Crown or his Deputy, and also the Copy of the Petition annexed to the said last mentioned Warrant j and the said Commissioner shall, before further Proceeding on the Business of their said Commission, take and subscribe the following Oath; (that is to say, )

I A.B. do swear, That I will, without Favour, Affection, or Malice, and according to the best of my Skill

*and Knowledge, well and truly try and examine all such Mattert and Things as shall be brought before me,

by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the [Speaker of the House of Commona*rr.Chaitm*

4iCc*. III. (U.K.) Dd 1 of

fn what Cases returning Olfi-rt r» shall be allow* d to join i.i nominating Co nun iff oners.

t

If neither the Petitioners not their Counsel Hull appear, Comraiflfonei s shall not be appointed, but the Clerk of the Crown shall certify to the Speaker of the House of Common1* that the Petitkff! was n<Jt proceeded upon.

Regulations for reducing the Lifts where no. Party appears to oppose the Petition.

As soon as th?. five Commissioners shall be appointed, the Clerk of the Crown shall issue his Warrant to them to meet at the Place of Election on Penalty of Y, OOOOl. on a Day named, and insert a Copy of the Warrant in the neat Dublin Gazette.

Clerk of the Crown shall be paid ioI.

At the Time and Place: p» pointed, C*m-missioners shall meet and bo sworn.

4'*d A

*i

Form of Oath*

C. 10l. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

4 of a Select Committee of the House of Commons, as the Case may on a Petition from [herefate the Name or Names of the Petitioner or Petitioners, and of the Place to which the Petition relates] and that I will in all

Things well and truly perform the Duty of a Commissioner appointed to try the said Matters and Things,

according to the Rules, Regulations, and Directions contained in an Act passed in the forty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here Jet forth the Title of this Act, J and that I am qualified to ad

as a Commissioner according to the Directions of the said Act. 4 So help ire GOD/

Which Oath, the said Chairman of the said Commissioners, having first taken and subscribed the same in the Presence of the Rest of the said Commissioners, is hereby authorized and empowered to administer to the other and others of them the said Commissioners; and ii any Person shall act as a Commimaner in the Execution of this Act not being qualified, either by his Estate, or by his Degree as a Barrister, in Manner herein-before mentioned, every such Person shall for such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of one thousand Pounds; and the said Commissioners Commissioners shall fit every Day (Sundays, Christmas Ddy, and Good Friday only excepted) from the Hour of shall fit daily, ten in the Morning till four in the Afternoon, and shall never adjourn for a longer Time than twenty-four except in certain l^ourS) except in case of the Death or continued Absence of one or more of the said Commissioners, as here-4i<J' in-after provided, unless Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday flull intervene; and in case of such Interven-

tion, every Meeting, Sitting, or Adjournment shall be within twenty-four Hours from the Time of appointing or fixing the fame, excltifive of such Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday.

XoCommission-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no One of the said five Commissioners shall be allowed to absent him*, et shall absent fdf from the said daily Sittings and Meetings, except in Cases of sudden Accident or Necessity, or in the Case in «feofCAccU Ihness; and that such Cases erf sudden Accident or Necessity (half be made appear to the others of the said dent, Necessity, Commissioners by Fads specially dated and verified upon the Oath of the said Commissioner so absenting him* or Iilnef', on'self, and that such Illness shall be certified to the others of the said Commissioners, on the Oath of a Physician, Penalty of 500l. which Oaths shall be made before one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace; and that any Commissioner who

P*1* DaT9 shall so absent himself without such lawful Excuse, shall, for every Day on which he shall so absent himself*

forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

In case of Ab-

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall never lit until all the said five Commission-fence of a»y one m arc mets except in Cases where the Absence of a Commissioner is verified upon Oath as aforesaid, and not th^other^iluU t*ien except with the Consent of all Parties; and in case all the said Commissioners, or such Number as shall be adjourn; and if so consented to as aforesaid, (the said Chairman being always one) shall not meet within one Hour after the Commissioner! Time to which the Meeting of the said Commissioners shall have been adjourned, a further Adjournment shall be

arc, by such made in the Manner before directed, and so from Time to Time until the said five Commissioners as aforesaid, or

D«thCereduc«d dumber ashaH he (o consented to as aforesaid (the said Chairman being always one) are assembled; and

o Ms'than firehatn c* the Number of the said Commissioners able to attend, shall at any Time, by Death or otherwise, for three fitting be unavoidably reduced to less than five, and shall so continue for the Space of three Sitting Days, the remaining Days a new Commissioners shall thereupon adjourn until the new Commissioner to be appointed as herein after mentioned

°nCr shall attend; and the said Clerk of the Crown or his Deputy shall, from Time to Time as Occasion may require,

line to Tim# on^Application of any Party interested, and in the Presence of such of the Parties as shall attend, and oa

Vt'oiawL the Production of an Affidavit made before one Justice of the Peace for the County, City, Town, or Place, at

or within which the said Commissioners shall meet, of the Death of any Commissioner, or of the continued Absence of any Commissioner for the Time aforesaid, immediately proceed to fill up such Vacancy in Manner following? (that is to say, ) in case the said Commissioner so dying or being absent, shall have been originally nominated by any one of the Parties interested in the said Petition, then the Party by whom the said Commissioner was so originally nominated, shall deliver to the said Clerk of the Crown or his Deputy a List of three Persons,

rlifted as aforesaid, from which Lift the other Party or Parties interested in the said Petition, or the Clerk of Crown'or his Deputy, on Behalf of such other Party or Parties, shall (trike off two, and the remaining one shall be a Commissioner for the Purposes aforesaid, in the Room or Stead of the Commissioner so dying or being absent as aforesaid; and in case the said Chairman of the said Commissioners shall happen to be the Commissioner dying or being absent in Manner aforesaid, then the Parties interested in the said Petition shall, within three Days* proceed to nominate and appoint one other Barrister, of not less than six Years Handing, to be a new Commissioner, and Chairman of the said Commissioners, or in their Default, the said Clerk of the Crown (not being a Peer of the Realm) or his Deputy, shall nominate and appoint such Barnfter, in the same Manner and Form as is herein-before directed and appointed with respect to the Nomination and Appointment of the first or original Chairman of the (Said Commissioners; and the said Clerk of the Crown or his Deputy shall issue his Warrant to such Commissioner so from Time to Time to be appointed, commanding and requiring him, under the Penalty of one thousand Pounds, to repair to the Place of Meeting of the other Commissioners, on a Day certain, to be named in the said Warrant, and which Day shall be not less than Seven Days nor more than Fourteen Days distant from the Day on which the said Commissioner was appointed in Manner aforesaid; and in case such Commissioner shall neglect or refuse to obey the Injunction of the said Warrant, he shall accordingly forfeit: the said Sum of one thousand Pounds; and such Commissioner fb from Time to Time to be appointed in the

Place or Stead of any Commissioner dying or absenting himself for the Time aforesaid, shall in all Respects have the same Power, Jurisdiction, and Authority, as the Commissioner in whose Place or Stead he shall have been appointed in Manner aforesaid, and shall proceed conjointly with the other Commissioners to complete the Pur-A M Number poles for which the said Commissioners were originally appointed: Provided always, That any Number of Com-fiw Coro- miflkmers less than five (the said Chairman being always one) may execute all the Purposes of this Act, with. Chapman* being Consent of all Parties interested, and which Consent shall be specially entered on the Minutes of the Pro-

r?.} may p«o- ceedings of the said Commissioners, and figaed by the Parties, their Counlei or Agents respectively. cmwiOCflsfasd all Parties frowsted.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) C. 101. 203

How the Commissioners shall proceed to try ihd examine the Matters referred to them.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Commissioner appointed by virtue of this A A shall be Commissioners prevented from attending at the Day and Place appointed in the Warrant of the said Clerk of the Crown, or

his Deputy, by any sudden Accident, Necessity, or lllnef6, to be verified upon Oath in Manner herein-before for^on-attend-directed with respect to the Absence of either of the said Commissioners after proceeding on the said Commission, ance jn c4fe of then and in such Case a new Commissioner or Commissioners shall be chosen and appointed in Manner herein-be- Accident, &c. fore directed; and the Commissioner or Commissioners so prevented from attending by such sudden Accident,

Necessity, or Illness, shall not be liable to the said Penalty of one thousand Pounds; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Parties appearing before the said Commissioners shall in the first Place interchange with each other, Lists of the Names of all such Votes and Voters to which either of the said Parties purpose and intend to object before the said Commissioners, and shall also interchange with each other.

Copies of all Particulars respecting any Right of voting, or of choosing or nominating a Returning Officer, and of all such other Matters and Things as either of the said Parties means to inlist upon, or to contend for, or to bjecl to before the said Commissioners; and that the said Commissioners, or the Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, previous to the (irft Meeting of the said Commissioners, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, shall have rower to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and the said CommissionerB shall examine all Witnesses who shall come before them upon Oath, and shall try and examine all Matters referred to them, and shall in all Re-(pe&s have the same Powers and Authorities for the trying and examining the said Matters so referred to them, as Select Committees of the House of Commons on controverted Elections now have for the trying and examining the Matters and Things referred to such Select Committees; and the said Commissioners shall appoint a Clerk to take down in Writing Minutes of all the Proceedings of them the said Commissioners, and of all such Evidence as shall be given or produced before them, in as accurate a Manner as the same can poilibly be done, and shall proceed in examining all and every Witness and Witnesses who shall come before them, and in determining on the Validity of any Vote or Votes, and in the ferutinizing the Rights of any Voter or Voters, and-in determining Objections to Votes or Voters, and in all other Matters and Things whatsoever referred to them, in the same Course and Manner, and according to the same Rules, as Sele& Committees of the House of Commons on controverted Elections ought and are empowered to proceed in like Cases; and the said Commissioners shall and may be attended by two Counsel, and no more, on behalf of each of the Parties appearing before them, and complaining or complained of on distinct Grounds or Interests; and the Clerk appointed by the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time make or cause to be made, true Copies of the Minutes of all Proceedings before the said Commissioners, and of all such Evidence as shall be given or produced before them; and shall give one such Copy to each of the Parties interested, or his or their Agent, or to such of them as shall demand the fame, on being paid for each Sheet of the said Copy, consisting of seventy-two Words, the Sum of Sixpence; and such Commissioners shall respectively certify in Writing under their respective Hands, their Adjudication upon every Vote to which any Objection shall be made before them, declaring the said Vote to be good or bad; and within ten Days after the Evidence before the said Commissioncn» shall be closed, touching the Matters and Things referred to them, the said Commissioners shall cause two Copies of the Minutes of act their Proceedings to be made, and shall examine the same with the said Minutes, and shall sign and seal the said

Copies; and shall also, under their Hands and Seals, certify the Name or Names of the Penon or Persons who shall in the Op nion of the said Commissioners respectively appear to be duly elected, and also their Opinion upon all such other Matters as shall have been put in Issue before them upon the Merits of the Petition in question, and shall transmit by their Clerk one of the said Copies to the Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, at the Crown Office in Dublin; and the other of the said Copies to the Speaker of the House of Commons of the Parliament f the said United Kingdom, who shall accordingly communicate the same to the said House; and thereupon : h Commission shall be dissolved and determined.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case, at any Time in the Coprfc of the said Proceedings before the said Commissioners, any of the said Parties shall tender or offer to produce to the said ComsnifficMners, any Witness or Evidence to, of, or concerning any Matter or Thing whatsoever in Issue before the said Commissioners, which Witness or Evidence the said Commissioners, or a, Majority of them, shall be of Opinion ougl t ni t to be examined, heard, or received, the said Commuiioners shall flate in Writing the Rea-fcas and Grounds upon which they have reie&ed the said Evidence, and enter the same upon their Proceedings; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Party tendering or offering to produce such Witness or Evidence, to require of the said Commissioners that the said Witness or Evidence shall be examined, heard, and received by and before them; and the Testimoriy of such Witness, or the Purport of such Evidence, shall accordingly be taken down in Writing by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, separately and apart from all other. Evidence before the fakl Commissioneni; and a Copy thereof, with a Statement of the Purpose to or for which the fa; d Witness or Evidence was produced, and by whom the same was produced, shall be signed and faded by the said Commissioners, in the Nature of a Bill of Exceptions to Evidence, and the same shall be transmitted by the said Commissioners together with all the other Proceedings before them, in Manner herein-before mentioned; and if the Select Committee of the House of Commons to whom the Merits of the Petition in question shall be afterwards referred in Manner herein after mentioned, shall be of Opinion that the tendering and offering of such Witness or Evidence was frivolous or vexatious, or that the Testimony of such Witness, or the Purport of such Evidence, was impertinent or irrelevant to the Matter in issue before the said Commissioners, the said Committee {k*3 report such their Opinion to the House, together with their Opinion oa the other Matters relating to the

Petition; and the Party who shall before the said Commissioners have opposed the examining, hearing, or reeeivir»g of such Witness or Evidence, shall be entitled to recover, from the Person or Persons who shall have produced Inch Witness or Evidence, the full Costt and Expences which such Party or Parties shall have incurred; the fame, or by rtafon of the same being received in Manner aforesaid; which Coils and Expences

l)d2 shall

How Evidence rejefled by Commiflu*nCM maybe tendeied and received.

C. 101

The Proceedings Mi'* Opinions of Commissioners (hr. 11 be hid before a new Coto-raittee chosen by the House j wluch*C'otumU-fice shall proceed to determine on the Merits of the Petition j but Hull not receive any new Evidence as to Matters referred to the Cornmif* (ioners; but may hear Counsel, and shall report their own Opinion on the whole merits of the Petition.

For Payment of the Chairman and Clerk of the Conuniftonesi.

Penalties of Per* jury on Persons giving false Evidence.

Commissioners empowered by Warrant to summon Witnesses, kc.

Witnesses, Sic. refuting to appear or give Evidence, pu-nilhable by Iu-sU&ment.

Commissioners may commit for Prevarication, Contempt, Uc.

41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 180r.

shall be ascertained and recovered in the same Manner and Form as are now provided by Law for the Recovery- of Colls and Expences in Cafe9 of frivolous or vexatious Petitions, or frivolous or vexatious Opposition to any Petition*

XIX. And be it further enacted, That after the Copy of the said Proceedings, and Certificate of the Opinions of the said Commissioners, shall be received by the Speaker of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, a new Select Committee shall be appointed by the said House, within seven fitting Days, to try the Merits of the said Petition, in the same Manner, and under the same Rules and Regulations in all Respects, as all Committees on controverted Ekdlions are and ought to be appointed; and the said new Committee shall accordingly take the said Proceedings and Opinions of the said Commissioners into Consideration, and shall proceed to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition, in such and the same Manner as Select Committees on controverted Elections are by the Laws now in force directed to proceed, try, and determine; save and except that the said new Committee shall not call for or receive any other or further Evidence, written or parole, respecting any Matters or Things which shall have been tried and examined by the said Commissioners in Manner aforesaid, but the said new Committee shall determine on all such Matters and Things, from the written Minutes of the Evidence and Proceedings before the said Commissioners, and the Certificates of the said Commissioners, so signed, sealed, and transmitted as aforesaid: Provided always, That the said new Select Committee shall and may be at Liberty to hear Counsel as to the Effect of the said Evidence and Certificates, in like Manner as they may do respecting any other Matter in question before them; and that the said Certificates of the said Commissioners shall not be in anywise binding or conclusive upon the said Committee; but that the said new Seledi Committee may, notwithstanding the fame, if they shall see just Cause, depart from, vary, or reverse the Con-clufions drawn by the said Commissioners, or over-rule their said Certificates upon all or any of the Matters so certified by them; and that the said new Select Committee shall report their own Opinion to the House upon the whole Merits of the said Election, or other Matter of the said Petition.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Chairman of the said Commissioners so to be appointed in Manner aforesaid, shall immediately upon the flgning and sealing two Copies of the Minutes of the Proceedings before the said Commissioners, and the Certificate of their Opinions thereon, in Manner aforesaid, and upon producing a Certificate, under the Hands of the others of the said Commissioners, that the said Chairman duly attended during the whole time of the Execution of the said Commission, and of the Amount of the Travelling Expences of such Chairman, calculated as herein after mentioned, be entitled to demand and receive the Sum of two hundred Pounds for his Attendance upon the Execution of the said Commission, together with the Sum of two Guineas for every Day which the said Chairman shall have been, or shall be necessarily engaged in travelling from or to his usual Place of Abode, to and from the Place of Meeting of the said Commissioners; and also the Sum of one Shilling for every Mile which such Chairman shall so travel, or shall have so travelled; and the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall also, upon his transmitting the said Copies in Manner aforesaid, be entitled to demand and receive, and shall receive such Sum or Sums, for his Attendance on the Execution of the said Commission, as the said Commissioners, or any three of them, shall, under their Hands, certify to be reasonable, not exceeding the Amount of twenty Shillings for each Day of his Attendance on the Execution of the said Commission; which said several Sums shall be paid to the said Chairman, and to the said Clerk respectively, by the several Parties interested in the said Petition, in equal Parts, Shares, and Proportions; and in case of Non-, payment by either of them the said Parties, the said Chairman, and the said Clerk, or either of them, shall and may recover the same respectively, by Action of Debt against any one of the said Parties in any Court of Recard within the said United Kingdom, in which Action it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff to declare that the Defendant or Defendants is or are indebted to him (in the Sum mentioned in the Certificate of the said Commissioners, to the said Chairman and Clerk respectively) by virtue of this Act; and the said Tefjpcdlive Certificates of the said Commissionere shall be deemed full and sufficient Evidence in Support of such Action of Debt t; Provided always, That in every such Action of Debt, no Effbign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law,; nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and the Party or Parties in whose Favour Judgment shall be given in any such Action, shall recover his or their Cofis.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall wilfully give false Eviderxe, or make any false Oath or Affidavit before the said Commissioners, or before any High Sheriff or Justice of the Peace, touching any Matter or Thing provided for by this Act, shall be prosecuted and indicted for the same 5. and such Person or Persons being convicted thereof, shall be subject and liable to the same Punishments and Dif- qualification! as Persona are subject and liable to for wilful and corrupt Perjury by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to any one or more Constable or Constables, or to any other Person or Persons Specially appointed by such Commissioners, which Person or Persons shall in such Case have all the Powers and Privileges of Constablea for and in the Execution of such Warrant, to summoa and require the Attendance of any Witness or Witnesses, or other Person or Persons before them at the Day and Place to be mentioned in the said Warrant; and that all and every Person and Persons so summoned or required to appear or to give Evidence, who shall refuse to appear, or appearing shall refuse to befworn or give Evidence before the said Commissioners so to be appointed as aforesaid, unless in Cases of reasonable Excuse, to be allowed of by the said Commissioners, shall and may be prosecuted and indicted for the same in any Court of Record in that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland; and such Person or Persons being convicted of such last mentioned Offence, shall be subject and liable to such Punishment by Fine or Imprisonment, or both, -as the said Court before whom such 'erson or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall think proper to inflict.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Witness before such Commissioner shall prevaricate, or shall» otherwise misbehave in giving or refilling to give Evidence, or if any Person shall be guilty of any Contempt or Misbehaviour whatsoever, of or towards the said Commissioners'while fitting and acting in the Execution of their laid Commission, the said Commissioners are hereby empowered, by a Warrant up4q* their liapds ap$t

7 Seals,

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) C. 10r, tea.

bM»i and dirtied to the Gaoler of the Common Gaol of the Cotmfy or Place in'ivluch the said Chrndtissioners AaD fit, to commit such Pfcrfon (not being a Peer of the Realm or a Lord of Parliament) to the Custody of the said Gaoler, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding six Calendar Months.

XXIII. 4 And whereas it was in and by the said Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, among other Tilings provided and enacted, That the Qualifications in respect of Property, of the Members elected on the Part of Ireland, to fit in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, should be respectively the same as were then provided by Law in the Cases of Elections for Counties ana Cities and Boroughs respectively, in that Part of Great Britain called England, unless any other Provision should thereafter be made in that respect by Act of Parliament of the United Kingdom: And whereas, by an Act passed in the ninth Year of the

a of her late Majesty Queen Anne* intituled, An Act for secur'ing the Freedom of Parliament, hj the farther eng the Members to Jit tn the House of Commons, it was amongst other Things enacted, That no rerfori be capable to fit or vote as a Member of the House of Commons for any County, City, Borough, or Cinque Port, within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of iVales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, who should not have an Eft ate, Freehold or of, for his own Life, or for some greater x-flate, either in Law or Equity, to and for his own Use and Benefit, of or in Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, over and above what would satisfy and clear all Incumbrances that might affect the fame, lying or being within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed) of the respective Annual Value therein limited: And whereas, by an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to enforce and render more effectual the Laws relating to the $'unification of Members to fit in the House of Commonsx it was enacted, That every Person (except as in the said Act is excepted) who should be elected a Member of the House of Commona, should at the Time and in the Manner in the said last-recited Act directed, produce and deliver in to the Clerk of the said House, at the Table of the said House, a Paper or Account ligned by such Member, containing the Names of the Parishes, Township, Precincts, and Counties, in which the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments lay, whereby such Member should make out his Qualification, and should allb take and subscribe the Oath in the said last-recited Act mentioned and contained; y be it therefore further enacted, That the said last-recited Act, and all Matters and Things therein contained, shall extend and be construed to extend to every Person (except as in the said last-recited Act is excepted) who, from and after the passing of this pre* lent Act, shall be elected a Member of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the said United Kingdom, for any County, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town, or Place, in that Part of the said United Kingdom called England, or the Dominion of Wales % or Town of Berwick upon Tweed* or in that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland: And that it shall be sufficient that the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, whereby fisch Member shall make out his Qualification in Manner by the said last-recited Act mentioned and directed, full lie or be either within that Part of the said United Kingdom called England, or the Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or within that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland; any Thing in the said last-recited Act, or in the said Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen jbuoe* to this contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend^ or be construed to extend, to require any such Qualification as aforesaid on the Part of the Member to be from Time to Time elected and returned by the College of the Holy Trinity in Dublin \ any Thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties in and by this Act imposed, shall and may be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by any Person or Persons who shall sue for the fame, by Action of Debt in say Court of Record in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, in which Action it shall be suffi-OBcnt for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to declare that the Defendant or Defendants is or are indebted to him or »hrm (to the Amount of the Penalty sued for) by virtue of this Act; and in which Action no Essoign, Privilege, Protest; on, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, nor more than one Imparlance.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Indictment, Information, ur Action, for ay u4Rmce<*gaipft this Act, or any Forfeiture incurred under the fame, shall be found, filed* or commenced within one Year tfter the Commission of the Fast on which such Indictment, Information, or Action shall ba

CNsnded, or within six Months after the Conclusion of the Proceedings in the House of Common* relating to Petition on the Trial of which such Fast shall have arisetu

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, so far as it relates to regulating the Trial of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland* for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall be and continue in force from the passing thereof* yrrtil the fuss Day of May one thousand eight hundred and two, and no longer.

CAP. CII.

An Act to fby, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, Proceedings in Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth* yir abridging Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of Livings* and from taking of Ferms.

[2d July l8pi.}

WHEREAS many of the Provisions of an Act made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King Henry the Eighth, intituled, Spiritual Persons abridged from having Pluralities of Livings, and from taking of Ferms, et cetera, have been found inconvenient, and have given Occafisn to many vexatious Pro-

ions, which it is expedient to prevent the further proceeding in at present; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adnoc and Cstfist pi the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefcat Parliament afiembkd*

205

394* . c. 67. (Ait.IV.)'

9 Anne, c. 5.

33 0. s- e. xotr

The Fatter Aft extended to Members elected to the United Parliament for England, Wales* Berwick, or Ireland. Qualification may be situate either in England, Wales, Berwick, or Ireland.

Recovery of Penalties*

Limitation 0# Action*

Continuance of; Act as relates to controverted Elections in Ireland, to May I*. ld02.

2* Hen. 8.e. r j,

and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant in any Action already commenced, or which shall be commenced, for any Penalty under the said Act, previous to the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, to apply to the Court in which such Action shall be brought, during the Sitting of such Court, or to any Judge of such Court during Vacation, for Stay of Proceedings in such Action; and such Court and such Judge respectively are hereby required to day such Proceedings accordingly, until the said twenty-fifth Day of march.

Proceedings in Actions already commenced, or which shall be eomraeared, for any Penalty under recited Act, _ v w

shall, on Application of the Defendants, bt flayed till March 25, 1802.

His Majesty may, for a certain Period, by Onier in Council, make Regulations touching the Trade to and from Malta. 12 Car. 2. c. 13.

7JcSGuL$. c. 22.

Goods imported or exported contrary to any such Order in Council, shall he forfeited.

Malta shall be deemed Part of Europe.

Alt Action*, &c. against Civil or Military Officeia, or other

CAP. CIII.

An Act to empower his Majesty to regulate the Trade and Commerce to and from the Isle of Malta until the signing a Definitive Treaty of Peace, and from thence until six Weeks after the next Meeting of Parliament i and to declare the Isle of Malta to be Part of Europe.

[ad July 1801.]

WHEREAS the Tfland of Malta, with the Dependencies thereof, are now in the Possession of his Majesty, and it is expedient, under the present Circumstances, that the Trade and Commerce to and from the same should he regulated for a certain Time in such Manner as shall seem proper to his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Councfl, notwithstanding the special Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament that

may be construed to affect the feme be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and until the figa- ing a Definitive Treaty of Peace, and from thence until six Weeks after the next Meeting of Parliament, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, by any Order or Orders to be issued from Time to Time, to give such Directions and make such Regulations touching the Trade and Commerce to and from the said Isle and the Dependencies thereof, as to his Majesty in Council shall appear most expedient and salutary, any Thing contained in an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation; or irr an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of his Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and regulating Abuses in the Plantation Trade; or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now m force relating to his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever shall be imported into*

or exported from, any Place or Places, Part of the said Island or its Dependencies, or shall be exported fronv any Part of his Majesty's Dominion# to any of the said Places, or if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be so imported or exported in any Manner whatever, contrary to any such Order or Orders of his Majesty in Council, the same shall be forfeited, together with the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall respectively be imported or exported, with all her Guns, Ammunition, Furniture, Tackle, and Apparel; and every such Forfeiture shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law respecting the Revenue of Customs may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in Places where respectively the Offences shall be committed; and the Produce thereof shall be disposed of, paid, and applied in like Manner in the said Places respectively; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Island of Malta and Dependencies thereof, shall be deemed, taken, and construed to be Part of Europe for all Purposes, and as to all Matters and Things whatever; any Law or Laws, Usage or Custom, or Act or Acts, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP. CIV.

An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted since the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for the Preservation of the publick Peace and Suppression of Insurrections and Rebellion prevailing in several Districts of that Part of the United Kingdom: called Ireland.

[2d July 1801.]

WHEREAS a most daring and unnatural Rebellion broke out in that Part of the United Kingdom called' Ireland', on the twenty-third Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and several

Districts within the same have since continued to be disturbed by traiterous Conspiracies and Insurrections, 4 whereby the Persons and Properties of many of his Makfiy's peaceable and loyal Subjects have been grievously injured, and many of them have lost their lives: And whereas several Officers Civil and Military, and other Persons, in order to preserve the publick Peace, the Lives and Properties of his Majesty's peaceable and loyal Subjects, and to fqpprefs the said Rebellion, have apprehended several Persons suspected of being concerned in the said Insurrections and Rebellion, without due Authority required by Law, and have done divers other Acts inSuppression of the said Insurrections and Rebellion not justifiabie by Law; which several Acts were so much for the publick Service, and so necessary for the Suppression of such Insurrections and Rebellion, that- the Persons by whom they were transefted ought to be indemnified be it therefore enacted by the King's6 most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commens, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all personal Afttoas* and Suits, all Indiftcnents, Informations, Attachments, Prosecutions, and Proceedings whatsoever, Judgments* and Orders, if any be, against such Officers Civil or Military, or other Persons as afore, feid, for or by reason of

any

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. ( '.) C. 104, 105, 106. 7.

nr Matter or Thing commanded, ordered, directed, or done since the twenty-fifth Day of March o^e thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in order to supprtfs the said Insurrcdtions and Rebellion, and for the Preservation of the publick Peace in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall be discharged and made void, and that every Person by whom any such Act, Matter, or Thing shall have been advised, commanded, ordered, directed, or done for the Purposes aforesaid, since the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall be freed, acauitted, and indemnified, as well against the King's most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as against all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever.

Personj, for any Thing done fine© March 25, 1799. to suppress Incurred ion and Rebellion in Ireland, shall be made void, and such Officers and" Persons indemnified.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Prosecution, Action, or Suit, Criminal or Civil, hath been or shalt be instituted, commenced, or prosecuted against any Person for any such Act, Matter, or Thing so advised* commanded, ordered, directed, or done for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, since the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, he or she may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Action shall become Non-salt, or forbear further Prosecution, or fuller Difeentmuance* or if a Verdict shall be found against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her, or their Double Costs, for which he, she, or they shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases in which Coils are given by Law to Defendants.

Defendants in Actions may apply to Courts in Ireland to have Proceedings flayed, dec- and shall be entitled* to Double Costs on Proceedings subsequent to the Act, §3. Application may be made to have any* Order for (laying Proceedings, vacated, &c. if made within the first ten Days on which the Court shall fit,

next after making the Order. §4. [&* £3.of cap. 66.]

[Double Costs.]

Persons again (I v iiom Actions dull be brought, may plead ihe General issue, and have

CAP. CV.

An Act to authorize the Judges to whom Petitions for certain Bills shall be referred, to examine Witnesses upon Oath.

[2d July 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Judges to whom any Petition for any Bill concerning Lands or Hereditaments in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland\ or concerning Lanas, Hereditaments, or other Heritable Subjects in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland\ shall be referred g by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, should be authorized to administer an Oath

to all such Witnesses as may be examined before them, touching the Matter of such Petition may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for any one or more of the said Judges of that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland\ to whom any Petition for any Bill concerning Lands, Hereditaments, or other Heritable Subjects in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, shall be re-fa-ned by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, and for any one or more of the Judges of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, to whom any such Petition concerning Lands or other Hereditaments in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall be referred as aforesaid, to examine upon Oath all such Witnesses as shall be produced before them, touching the Matter of such Petition and Reference, and for that Purpose to administer an Oath accordingly; and every Oath which shall be so taken shall be as available and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, and ever)' Person who shall take such Oath shall be punishable for any Ldfe Evidence he shall give under such Oath, in the same Manner as if the said Oath had been administered to the Witness taking the same at the Bar of the House of Lords.

Judge? of Fc< t-l*nd or Iceland to whom Bills refining Lands may be referred by the House of Lords, may examine Wiineffcs on Oath, as if sworn at the Bay of that House.

CAP. CVI.

An Act to secure certain Persons born within the Territories of France, and other Persons therein-described, from Imprisonment for Debts contrafted in Parts beyond the Seas, other than the Do*. raimons of his Majesty.

[2d July 1801.]

WHEREAS divers Persons who were born in the Dominions of his late most Christian Majesty, or who hating been born within the Dominions of the King's most Excellent Majesty, passed into the Do- miaions of his said most Christian Majesty before they had attained the Age of Fifteen Years, and who have (putted their respective Countries by Reason of the Resolution or Troubles in France, or in Countries conquered by the Arms of France, have been and are liable to be arrested, imprisoned, os held to Bail by Reason*of Debts or other Causes of Action contrafted or arising in Parts beyond the Seas, other than the Dominions of his Majesty, by Reason that such Persons were born of Parents Subjects of his Majesty, and are not Aliens within the true Intent and Meaning of an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act to continue until the jirfi Day of August one thousand eight hundred, and ant 'd the End of the then jg q^c - went Session of Parliament, and amend an Act made in the thirty*thvrd Year of the Reign of hie present Maiefy, in*

fowled, An Act for efabhjh'ing Regulations reffeBing Aliens arriving in this Kingdom % or ref dent therein in certain*Cases r* And whereas it is expedient that such Persons (houM be entitled to the Privileges in that Act con- tamed, so far as the same relate to such Debts or Causes of Action; may it therefore please your Majesty that*s* may be enacted f and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Coolant of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fuse, That from and after the passing of this Act all such Persons who were born in any of person? having

3 the been actually

the Countries subject to his late most Christian Majestjr, or who having been born within the Dominions of the King's most Excellent Majesty, parted into the Dominions of his said most Christian Majesty, under the Age of fifteen Years, and who have bondfide resided in such Countries, as Subjects of his said late most Christian Majesty, although born of Parents Subjects of his Majesty or his Predecessors, who shall have quitted their respecti\e Countries by Reason of any Resolution or Troubles in France, in Countries conquered by the Arms of France, shall not be liable to oe arrested, imprisoned, or held to Bail, or to find any Caution for their forthcoming or paying any Debt, nor to be taken in Execution on any Judgment, or by any Caption for or by Reason of any Debt or other Cause of Action, contracted or arising in any Parts beyond the Seas, other than the Dominions of his Majesty, while such Persons were not within the Dominions oi his Majesty; and in case any such person shall have been or shall be arrested, imprisoned, or held to Bail, or taken in Execution on a Judgment, or by any Caption, contrary to the Intent of this A A, such Person shall be discharged therefrom by Order of any of his Majesty's Courts of Westminster Hall, or of the Court of Session in Scotland, or of his Majesty's Four Courts in Ireland, or of any Judge of any such Court in Vacation Time; any Thing in any Act or Acts contained to the contrary thereof no twit Lilian ding.

Authors of Books already composed, and not printed or published, and of Books to be hereafter composed, and their Assign*, shall have the (ole Right of printing them for 14 Years: Book-fellers, See, in any Part of the United Kingdom, or Britishi European Dominions, who shall print, reprint, or import, &c. any such* Book, without Consent of the Proprietor, shall he-liable to an Action for Damages, and shall also forfeit the Books to the Proprietor, and 3d. per Sheet, Half to the King, and Half to the Informer.

Authors shall have a Second 14 Years Term, if living.

Act shall not extend to Books already published, nor indemnify against Penalties under former AAs in force at the Union of Great Britain and Ireland.

39*40 6. 3* c. 6".

Cap. cvn.

An Act for the further Encouragement of Learning, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by securing the Copies and Copyright of printed Books, to the Authors of such Books, or their Assigns for the Time herein mentioned. [ad July 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that further Protection should be afforded to the Authors of Books, and the Purchasers of the Copies anti Copyright of the same, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland may it therefore jjleafe your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent or the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Author of any Book or Books already composed, and not printed or published, and the Author of any Book or Books which shall hereafter be composed, and the Assignee or Assigns of such Authors respectively, shall have the foie Liberty of printing and re-printing such Book and Books, for the Terra of fourteen Years, to commence from the Day of first publishing the fame, and no longer; and that if any other Bookseller, Printer, or other Person whosoever, in any Part of the said United Kingdom, or in any Part of the British Dominions in Europe, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, print, re-print, or import, or shall cause to be printed, re-printed, or imported, any such Book or Books, without the Consent of the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Copyright of and in such Book or Books first had and obtained in Writing, signed in the Presence of two or more credible Witnesses, or, knowing the same to be so printed, re-printed, or imported, without such Consent of such Proprietor or Proprietors, shall fell, publish, or export; to Sale, or cause to be sold, published, or exposed to Sale, or shall have in his or their Possession for Sale, any such Book or Books, without such Consent first had and obtained as aforesaid, then such Offender or Offenders shall be liable to a special Action on the Case, at the Suit of the Proprietor or Proprietor! of the Copyright of such Book or Books so unlawfully printed, re-printed, or imported, or published or exposed to Sale, or being in the Possession of such Offender or Offenders for Sale as aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and every such Proprietor and Proprietors shall and may, by and in such Special Action upon the Case to be so brought against such Offender or Offenders in any Court of Record in that Part of the said United Kingdom, or of the British Dominions in Europe, in which the Offence shall be committed, recover such Damages as the Jury on the Trial of such Action, or on the Execution of a Writ of Enquiry thereon, shall give or afiefs, together with Double Costs of Suit; in which Action no Wager of Law, Essoign, Privilege, or Protection, nor more than one Ipiparlance shall be allowed; and all and every such Offender or Offenders shall also forfeit such Book or Books, and all and every Sheet and Sheets being Part of such Book or Books, and shall deliver the same to the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Copyright of such Book or Books* upon Order of any Court of Record in which any Action or Suit, in Law or Equity, shall be commeuced or prosecuted by such Proprietor or Proprietors, to be made on Motion or Petition to the said Court; and the said Proprietor or Proprietors shall forthwith damask or make Waste Paper of the said Book or Books, and Sheet or Sheets respectively; and all and every such Offender or Offenders shall also forfeit the Sum of Threepence for every Sheet, which shall be found in his or their Custody, either printed or printing, or published or exposed to Sale Contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the one Moiety thereof to the King's most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same in any such Court of Record, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in which no Wager of Law, Essoign, Privilege, or Protection, nor more than one Imparknpe shall be allowed: Provided always, That after the Expiration of the said Term of fourteen Years, the Right of printing or disposing of Copies shall return to the Authors thereof, if they are then living, for another Term of fourteen Years.

II. Provided aHo, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this A A contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Book or Books heretofore composed, and printed or published in any Part of the said United Kingdom, nor to exempt or indemnify any Person or Persons whomsoever, from or against any Penakie# or Actions, to which he, she, or they shall or may have become, or shall or may hereafter be liable for or on Account of the unlawfully printing, re-printing, or importing such Book or Books, or the felling, publishing, or exposing the same to Sale, or the having the same in his or their Possession for Sale, contrary to the Laws and Statutes in force respecting the same, at the Time of the passing an Act in the Session of Parliament of the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. ( .) C. 107.

III. And whereas Authors have heretofore bequeathed, givw, dr assigned, and may hereafter bequeath, rive,

or assign, the Copies or Copyrights of and in Books composed by them, to or in Trust for the College of the

Holy Trinity of Dublin; and, in and by their several Wills or other Instruments, have directed or may diretft,

that the Profits arising from the printing or re-printing such Books, shall be applied or appropriated as a Fund for the Advancement of Learning, and other beneficial Purposes of Education, within the College aforesaid 2 4 And whereas such useful Puroofes will frequently be frustrated, unless the foie Right of printing and re-printing

of such Books the Copies of which shall have been or shall be so bequeathed, given, or assigned as aforesaid,

be preferred and secured to the said College in Perpetuity be it therefore further enacted, That the said College shall, at their own Printing Press, within the said College, have for ever the foie Liberty of printing and re-printing all such Books as shall at any Time heretofore have been, or (not having been heretofore published or awgned) shall at any Time hereafter be bequeathed, or otherwise given or assigned by the Author or .Authors of the same respectively, or the Representatives of such Author or Authors, to or in Trust for the said College for the Purposes aforesaid, unless the same shall have been bequeathed, given or aligned, or shall hereafter be bequeathed, riven, or assigned for any Term of Years, or any other limited Term; any Law or Usage to the contrary thereofIn aaywifie notwithstanding; and that if any Printer, Bookseller, or other Person whosoever, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, unlawfully print, re-print, or import, or cause to be printed, re-printed, or imported, or, knowing the same to be so unlawfully printed, re-printed, or imported, shall fell, pubbfti, or ezpose to Sale, or cause to be sold, published, or exposed to Sale, or have in his or their Possession for Sale, any such last mentioned Book or Books, such Offender and Offenders shall be subject and liable to the like Actions, Penalties, and Forfeitures as are herein-before mentioned and contained with respect to Offenders against the Copyrights of Authors and their Assigns: Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act shall extend to grant any exchifive Right to the said College of the Holy Trinity of Dublin, otherwise than so long as the Books or Copies belonging to the said College, are and shall be printed only at the Printing Press of the Laid College, within the said College, and for the foie Benefit and Advantage of the said College; and that if - the said College shall delegate, grant, lease, or fell the Copyrights or exclusive Rights of printing the Books Jiereby granted, or any Part thereof, or shall allow, permit, or authorize any Person or Persons, or Bodies Corporate, to print or reprint the fame, then the Privilege hereby granted shall become void and of no Effect, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made; but the said College shall nevertheless have a Right to fell such Copies so bequeathed or given as aforesaid, in like Manner as any Author or Authors can or may lawfully do under the Provisions of this Act, or any other A A now in force.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Bookseller, Printer, or other Person whosoever, shall be liable to the said Penalty of Threepence per Sheet, for or by reason of the printing, re-printing, importing, or felling of any such Book or Books, or the having the same in his or their Custody for Dale, without the Consent of the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Copyright thereof as aforesaid, unless before the Time of the Publication of such Book or Books by the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof (other than the said College) the

Right and Title of such Proprietor or Proprietors shall be duly entered in the Register Book of the Company of Stationers in London, in such Manner as hath been usually heretofore done by the Proprietors of Copies and Copyrights in Great Britain; nor if the Consent of such Proprietor or Proprietors for the printing, re-printing, importing, or felling such Book or Books, shall be in like Manner entered; nor unless the Right and Title of the said College to the Copyright of such Book or Books as has or have been already bequeathed, given, or assigned to thd said College, be entered in the said Register Book before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and one, and of all and every such Book or Books as may or shall hereafter be bequeathed, given or assigned as aforesaid, be entered in the said Register Book within the Space of two Months sifter any such Bequest, Gift, or Assignment shall have come to the Knowledge of the Provost of the said Col-for every of which several Entries Sixpence shall be paid, and no more 5 which said Register Book shall at all Times be kept at the Hall of the said Company, and shall and may at all seasonable and convenient Times be resorted to and inspected by any Bookseller, Printer, or other Person, for the Puroofes before mentioned, without any Fee or Reward; and the Clerk of the said Company of Stationers shall, when and as often as thereunto required, give a Certificate under his Hand of such Entry or Entries, and for every such Certificate may take a Fee not exceeding Six-pence; and the said Clerk shall also, without Fee or Reward, within fifteen next after the thirty-first Day of December and the thirtieth Day of June in each and every Year, make or -caofe to be made, for the Use of the said College, a List of the Titles of all such Books, the Copyright to which shall have been so entered in the Course of the Half Year immediately preceding the said thirty-sint Day of December and the thirtieth Day of June respectively, and shall upoif Demand deliver the said Lifts or cause the (kmc to be delivered to any Person or Persons duly authorized to receive the same for and on Behalf of the said College'.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the Clerk of the said Company of Stationers for the Time being shall refuse or neglect to register or make fufch Entry or Entries, or to give such Certificate or Certificate*, being thereunto respectively required by the Author or Authors, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Cnpies or Copyrights, or by the Person or Persons to whom such Consent shall be given, Or by some Person on Ht* or their Bcnalf, in the tVefence of two or more credible Witnesses, then such Party or Parties so refuseef, Notice being first duly given by Advertisement in the London Gazette, shall have the like Benefit as if such ILntry or Entries, Certificate or Certificates, had been duly made and given; and the Clerk so refusing shall, for any such Offence, forfeit to the Author or Proprietor of such Copy or Copies, or to the Person or Persons to whom such Consent shall be given, the Sum of twenty Pounds; or if the said Clerk shall refuse or neglect to tnzke the Lift aforesaid, or to deliver the same to any Person duly authorized to demand the same on Behalf of tift said College, the fiud Clerk shall also forfeit to the said College the like Sum of twenty Pounds 5 which said xeipective Penalties shall and may be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in the fa; d United

41 Geo. III. (U.K.) L e Kingdom.

269

Trinity College Dublin, shall for ever have the foie Right of, printing Books given or bequeathed to them, unless they arc given, Sec. for a limited Time oniy.

Penalty on Persons printing such Books the same as under

s

To extend only to Books printed at the College Press.

But the College may fell their Copyrights.

Booksellers, Sc c, shall not be liable to the Penalty of 3d. per Sheet, unless the Title to the Copyright be entered by the Proprietor, &c. at Stationers Hall, London; nor if the Consent of the Pro-, piictor be so entered.

Clerk of the Company (Hall give Certificatet of Entries, and make a Half-yearly Lift of the fiky>ks so en-teredos, the Use of Tunity College.

If the Clerk re« fuses to make Entries, See. Panics may give Noticr in the London Gazette, and the Clerk shall forfeit zol.

Two additional

of Books entered ai Su-toners Hall, shall be delivered there for the Ufuol the Libra-iie« of Trinity Coileice, and the Kind's Inns, Dublm.

No Person shall imj'ort into any I'art of the United Kingdom, for Sale, any Book first cujn-posed, See. within the United Kingdom, and le-printed elsesrheie. Penalty on importing, felling, or keepistg for Sale, any such Books, Forfeiture thereof, and also 10l. and Double the Value.

Books may be seized by Officers of Customs or Exrifc, who shall lie rewarded.

[General Issue.]

Exceptions as to Books not having been printed in the United Jtingdom for 10

Limitation of Actions under this Act ftx Months.

Kingdom, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in which no Wager of Law, Essoign, Privileges or Protection, nor more than one Imparlance shall he allowed.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in Addition to the nine Copies now required by Law to be delivered to the Warehouse-keeper of the said Company of Stationers, of each and every Book and Books which shall be entered in the Register Book of the said Company, one other Copy shall be in like Manner delivered for the Use of the Library of the said College of the Holy Trinity of Dublin, and also one other Copy for the Use of the Library of the Society of the King's Inna Dublin, by the Printer or Printers of all and every such Book and Books as shall hereafter be printed and published, and the Title to the Copyright whereof shall be entered in the said Register Book of the said Company; and that the said College and the said Society shall have the like Remedies for enforcing the Delivery of the said Copies, and that all Proprietors, Booksellers, and Printers, and the Warehouse-keeper of the said Company, shall be liable to the like Penalties for making Default in delivering the said Copies for the Use of the said CoU lege and the said Society, as are now in force with respect to the delivering or making Default in delivering the nine Copies now reqoirtd by Law to be delivered in Manner aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the pailing of this Act, ft shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever to import or bring into any Part of the said United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for Sale, any printed Book or Books, first Composed, written, or printed, and published in any Part of the said United Kingdom, and re-printed in any other Country or Place whatsoever; and if any Person or Persons shall import or bring, or cause to be imported or brought for Sale any such printed Book or Books into any Part of the said United Kingdom, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or shall knowingly fell, publiili, or expose to Sale, or have in his or their Possession for Sale, any such Book or Books, then every such Book or Books shall be forfeited, and shall and may be feifced by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise, and the same shall be forthwith made Wade Paper; and all and every Person and Persons so offending, being duly convicted thereof, shall also, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, and Double the Value of each and every Copy of such Book or Books which he, she, or they shall so import or bring, or cause to be imported or brought into any Part of the said United Kingdom, or shall knowingly fell, publish, or expose to Sale, or shall cause to be sold, published, or expoJed to Sale, or shall have in his or their Pofftflioa for Sale, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and the Commissioners of Customs in England* Scotland, and Ireland respecti\ iy (in case the same shall be seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs) and the Commissioners of Excise in England, Scotland, and Irel espectively (in case the same shall be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise) shall also reward the Officer or Officers who shall seize any Books which shall beTo made Wade Paper of, with such Sum or Sums of Morn as they the said respective Commissioners shall think fit, not exceeding the Value of such Books; such Reward respectively to be paid by the said respective Commissioners, out of any Money iu their Hands respectively arising from the Duties of Customs and Excise: Provided, That no Person or Persons shall be liable to any of the lad mentioned Penalties or Forfeitures, for or by Reason or Means of the Importation of any Book or Boo^.s which has not been printed or reprinted in some Part of the said United ingdom, within twenty Years next before the same shall be imported, or of any Book or Books re-printed abroad, and inserted among other Books or Tracts to be sold therewith in any Collection, where the greatest Part of such Collection shall have been first composed or wrritten abroad.

Year*, & c.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced or brought against any Person or Persons whomsoever, for doing or causing to be done any Thing in pursuance of this Act, the Defendants in such Action may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence; and if upon such Action a Verdict shall be given for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff become nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, then the Defendant shall have and recover his full Costs, for which he shall have the same Remedy as a Defendant in any Case by Law hath; and that all Actions, Suits, Bills, Indictments, or Informations, for any Offence that shall be committed against this Act, shall be.brought, sued, and commenced within six Months next after such Offence committed, or else the same shall be void and of none Eifeft.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act for enabling liis Majesty to grant Commissions for executing an Act made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of Timber in the New For eft in the County of Southampton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest^ and of the Lands of the Crown within the same. [ad July 1801 .J

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of his present Majesty's Reign*

3<i& 40 G 3. intituled, An Act for the better P rtf creation of Timber in the New Forest in the County of Southamp-

c. 46. 4 ton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the Jjpme*

4 it was enacted, That it should be lawful for his Majesty to issue, or cause to be issued, one or more Commis-

(ion or Commissions under the Great Seal of Great Britain, and thereby to appoint Nathaniel Bond Esquire*

one of his Majesty's Counsel learned in the Law', John Lens Esquire, Serjeant at Law, and James Burrough Esquire, Bamfter at Law, to be Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Act, and to authorize and empower them, or any two of them, to carry the same into Execution in Manner therein mentioned: And whereas, since the passing of the said Act, the said Nathaniel Bond hath beeH appointed one of the Ix>rds Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, and in consequence of such Appointment hath declined to execute the Powers and Authorities contained in the said Act*and it is proper that some other Person should be appointed.

211

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. C. 108, 109.

1 pointed a Commissioner for that Purpose; and it is also proper to provide the Means for supplying the Place of any other Commissioner named in or appointed in pursuance of the said Act or this present Act, who may

die or decline to act as a Commissioner 5* be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty to issue, or cause to be His Majesty issued, one or more Commission or Commissions under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain may iff* a and Ireland and thereby to appoint Giles Templeman Esquire, Barrister at Law, to be one of the Commissioners Cumniiffion for putting the said Act into Execution in the place of the said Nathaniel Bond; and that the said Giles Temple* iniin*

mum shall from and after the issuing of such Commission or Commissions, be one of the Commissioners for that G^les^emple- Purpose, and have the same Powers and Authorities as if he had been named as a Commissioner in the said Act. man, Lfq. a

ComaiillioncT to putin Execution the recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any one or more of them the said John Lens, James Burroughs and Giles Templeman, or any future Commissioner to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, shall depart this Life, or shall decline to act as a Commissioner, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, from Time to Time, to supply the Place of any Commissioner so dying or declining to act, and for that Purpose to issue or cause to be issued, one or more new Commission or Commissions under the Great Seal of the said United Kingdom, and thereby to appoint Tome Person, being a Barrister at Law, to be one of the Commissionera for putting the said Act into Execution in the Place of the Commissioner so dying or declining to act as aforesaid, and the Person named in such new Commission or Commissions fttail from thenceforth be one of the Commissioners for that Purpose, and have the lame Powers and Authorities, at if he had been named as a Commissioner in the said Actfc.

[Publick Act.]

- $ 3."

In case ol thr Death or Relig-nation ol' any ComnuiTiwner umirrthe recited Act, his Majesty may issue a Commission appointing another*

CAP. CIX.

An Act for consolidating in one Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fasts usually required on the passing of such Acts.

[2d July 1801.]

WHEREAS, in order to diminish the Expence attending the paflin£ of Acts of Inclosure, it iB expedient 4 W that certain Clauses usually contained in such Acts should be comprized in one Law, and certain

Regulations adopted for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fa61s usually required by Parliament on the passing of such Acts; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's raoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of any of the Powers to be given by any Act hereafter to be puffed for dividing, allotting, or inclosing any Lands or Grounds, except the Power of signing and giving Notice of the first Meeting of the Commissioner or Commissioners for executing any such Act, and of adrrmiftering the Oath or Affirmation herein after directed, until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath or Affirmation following:

I A.B. do swear [orf being one of the People called Quakers^ do solemnly affirm], That I will faithfully,

impartially, and honestly, according to the best of my Skill and Ability, execute and perform the several Xruflv, powers, and Authorities veiled and reposed in me as a Commissioner, by virtue of an Act for [here

insert the Tile of the A&\ according to Equity and good Conscience, and without Favour or Afle6lion, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Person or Persons whomsoever.*So help me GOD.*

No Person ftafl aft as a Core-miflaoner under any future Inclosure Act, (except signing Notice of first Meeting and ad» ministering Oath*, } until he shall have takea the Oath herein prescribed.

Which Oath or Affirmation it shall be lawful for any one of the Commissioners, where more than one shall be appointed by any such Act, or any one Just ice of the Peace for the County within which the said Lands or Grounds shall be situated, where only one Commissioner shall be so appointed, to administer, and they are hereby respectively required to administer the same; and the said Oath or Affirmation, so to be taken and sub-fcrtbed by each Commissioner, and also the Appointment of every new Commissioner, shall be annexed to and inralled with the Award of any Commissioner or Commissioners, and a Copy of the Inrolment thereof shall be admitted as legal Evidence. "

Award, and a Copy shall be Evidence.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Person appointed a Commissioner in or by virtue of any such Act, Commissionrr> who shall refuse or decline to act as such, shall forthwith give Notice in Writing to the other Commissioner or Commissioners of his Intention to refuse or decline acting as a Commissioner: Provided always, That no such Commissioner shall be capable of being a Purchaser of any Part or Parts of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within any Parish in which the Lands and Grounds intended to be inclosed arc fttuate, either in his own Name, or in the Name or Names of any Person or Persons, until five Years alter the Date and Execution of the Award to be made by any such Commissioner or Commissioners. Parish where

IrscJofures arp made, for five Years after their A^ard.

Oath % and Appointment of new Ci>mmissioner*, flu 11 be inrolled with the

declining to itt shall give Notice to the oflwrt: No Contvnifti-oner shall pur hase Lards within the

III. And whereas Disputes or Doubts may arise, concerning the Boundaries of Parishes, Manors, Ham-m lets, or Districts, to be divided and inclosed, and of Parishes, Manors, Hamlets or Districts, adjoining # thereto; be it therefore enacted, That the Commissioner or Commissioners appointed in or by virtue of any such Act shall, and he or they is and are hereby authorized and required, by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation any one of such Commissioners is hereby empowered to aami-rniAer), and by such other legal \Vays and Means as be or they shall think proper, to inquire into the Bounda-

Commifiic.irrs shall inquire inVs the Boundaries of P.iriftn «. and if not fmfi.'iri.ily afreitaim d, they shall fix them, giving prefLol

212 C. 109.

41° GEORGII III. {U.K.) A.D. 1801.

Notice of their Intention so to

do.

ries of such several Parishes, Manors, Hamlets, or Diflri&a; and in case it shall appear to such Commissioner or Commissioners that the Boundaries of the same respectively are not then sufficiently ascertained and distinguished, such Commissioner or Commissioners shall, and he or they it and are hereby authorized and required to ascertain, set out, determine, and fix the same respectively; and after the said Boundaries shall be so ascertained, set out, determined, and fixed, the same shall and are hereby declared to be the Boundaries of such Parishes, Manors, Hamlets, or Districts: Provided always, That such Commissioner or Commissioners (before he or they proceed to ascertain and set out the Boundaries of such Parishes, Manors, Hamlets, or Districts) shall, and he or they is and are hereby required to give public k Notice, by Writing under his or their Hands, 'to be affixed on the most publick Doors of the Churches of such Parishes, and also by Advertisement to be inserted in some Newspaper to be named in such Act, and also by Writing to be delivered to or left at the lad or usual Places of the Abode of the respective Lords or Stewards of the Lords of the Manors in which the Lands and Grounds to be inclosed shall be situate, and of such adjoining Manor or Manors, ten Days at lead before the Time of setting out such Boundaries, of his or their Intention to ascertain, set out, determine, and fix the same respectively; and such Commissioner or Commissioners shall, within one Month after his or their afeertahung and setting out the same Boundaries, cause a Description thereof in Writing to be delivered to or left at the Places of Abode of one of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the respective Parishes, and also of such respective Lords or Stewards: Provided always, That if any Person or Persons interested in the Deter* mination of the said Commissioner or Commissioners respecting the said oundaries shall be dissatisfied with such Determination, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County in which such Lands or Grounds shall be situate at any General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden within four Calendar Months next after the aforesaid Publication of the said Boundaries, by delivering Cr leaving such Description as aforesaid, the Party or Parties making such Appeal, giving eight Days Notice

the Decision of the said

C'jmm iflionsrs shall cause a Description of Buu'iriaiies to be <3<*livtfd to one Lburch warden, bit. of the ref-pe^live Parishes, and the Lords of Manors, lee.

-PPcaU and of the Matter thereof in Writing to the Commissioners; and

'rJ p 1__c____1 ___1______i..r.______3 /l-u 1__________ j____ — __________ 1

to the Quarter

Session 1.

Decisions at the Sessions shall be final,

A Survey, Ad-measuremeni.

Plan, and Valuation of^he Lands, &c. to be inclosed shall be made, and kept by the Commissioners,

Which shall be verified by the Persons making

them.

Justices therein shall be final and conclusive, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procef8 whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere.

Proprietors may inspeA Admea-(h re meats and Plans, and take Copies.

Until the Division shall be ompleted the Lands may be entered by the Commissioners, qr any Persons they may appoint, to make Surveys, &c. Maps made at the Time of pa fifing A<5ls may be used, without itoaking new nes, if the Commissioners shall think fit.

Claimants of Common, &c. in Land to be inched, shall deliver to die Commissioners Schedules of Particulars, or shall be excluded, which Claims may be -inspected, and Copie# taken.

IV. And be it further enacted, That a true, exact, and particular Survey, Admeasurement, Plan, and Valuation, of all the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by any such Act, and also of all the Messuages, Cottages, Orchards, Gardens, Homesteads, ancient enclosed Lands and Grounds, within any such Parish or Manor, shall be made and reduced into Writing, by such Commissioner or Commissioners or by such other Person or Persons as he or they shall nominate and appoint, as soon as conveniently may be, for the Purposes of such Act5 and the Number of Acres and decimal Parts of an Acre, in Statute Measure, contained in all the Lands and Grounds directed or authorized to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and also in all the ancient inclosed Lands, Grounds, and Homesteads aforesaid, and of each and every Proprietor'# distinct Property in the same respectively, at the Time of making such Survey and Admeasurement, shall be therein set forth and specified; and that the said Survey, Admeasurement, Plan, and Valuation, shall be kept by such Commissioner or Commissioners; and the Person or Persons who shall make such Survey, Admeasurement, Plan, and Valuation, shall verify the same upon Oath or Affirmation, at any Meeting to be held after the making thereof (which Oath or Affirmation the Commissioners, or any one of them, are and is hereby empowered and required to administer); and the Proprietors and their respective Agents, and all Persons interested therein, shall at all seasonable Times have Liberty to peruse and inspect such Admeasurement and Plan only, and to take Copies thereof and Extracts therefrom respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That for surveying, admeasuring, and valuing all the said Lands and Grounds, and for other the Purposes of such Act, it shall be lawful for such Commissioner or Commissioners, every or any of them, or the Person or Persons to be appointed by him or them to make such Survey, Admeasurement, Plan, and Valuation, together with their and every of their Assistants and Servants, at any Time or Times whatsoever, until such Division shall be completed, to enter, view, and examine, fury'ey and admeasure, all and every Part of the Lands and Grounds intended to be divided and allotted, and also all the ancient inclosed Lands, Grounds* and Homesteads, directed to be surveyed, and to do or cause to be done any Act or Thing necessary for putting such Act into Execution: Provided always, That any Map or Survey made at the Time of passing any such Act, which shall be tendered to such Commissioner or Commissioners, and which shall be in his or their Judgement, and to his or their Satisfaction a just and true Map or Survey, proper for the Puniofe of carrying such Act into Execution, may be used for that Purpose, if the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall think fit* without any new Map or Survey being made of such Part of the Lands and Grounds, as shall be comprized in* any such approved Map or Survey as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons, and Bodies Corporate or Politick, who shall have or clairrw any Common or other Right to or in any such Lands so Jo be inclosed, shall deliver or cause to be delivered ta such Commissioner or Commissioners, or one of them, at some one of such Meetings as the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall appoint for the purpose (or within such further Time, if any, as the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall for some special Reason think proper to allow for that Purpose) an Account o'r Schedule ii\ Writing, signed by them, or their respective Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Agents, of such their respective Rights or Claims, and therein describe the Lands and Grounds, and the respective Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect whereof they shall respectively claim to be entitled to any and which of such Rights in and upon the same or any Part thereof, with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons then in the actual Possession thereof, and the particular computed Quantities of the same respectively,

6 and

A.D. 180t. 4i» GEORGII III. (U. K)

C109. ai3

mad of what Nature and Extent such Right is, and also in what Rights, and for what Estates and Interests they claim the same respectively, dist the Freehold from the of or Leasehold; or on Non-compliance therewith, every of them making Default therein shall, as far only as respects any Claim so neglected to be delivered, be totally barred and excluded of and from all Right and Title in or upon such Lands so to be divided respectively, and of and from all Benefit and Advantage in or to any Share or Allotment thereof 5 mil which said Claims or Accounts shall, at all seasonable Times until after the Execution of the said Award, be Open to the Inspection and Perusal of all Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the Premises, their re-foective Agents or Attornies, who may take Copies thereof, or Extracts therefrom respectively; and if any Person or Persons, or Body Politick or Corporate interested, or claiming to be interested in the Premises, shall have any Objection to offer to any such Account or Claim, the Particulars of such Objection shall be reduced into Writing, and signed by them or their respective Huffiands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Agents, and shall be delivered to the said Commissioner or Commissioners, at or before some other Meeting of such CommHEoner or Commissioners, to be by him or them appointed for that Purpose; and no such Obie&ion shall afterwards be received, unless for some legal Disability or special Cause to be allowed by the said Commissioner or Commissioners.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall authorize such Commissioner or Commissioners to hear and determine any Difference or Dispute which may arise, touching the Right or Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, but such Commissioner or Commissioners shallaflign and set out the several Allotments directed to be made unto the Person or Persons, who, at the Time of the Division and Inclosure, shall have the actual Seism or Possession of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in lieu Or in right whereof such Allotment shall be respectively made: Provided also, That no Difference or Suit, touching the T itle to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall impede or delay the Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of the Powers vested in him or them, by virtue of any such Act; but the Division or Inclosure directed to be made shall be proceeded in, notwithstanding such Difference or Suit.

puts* as to Title shall not

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such Commissioner or Commissioners shall, and he or they is and are hereby authorized and required, in the first Place, before he or they proceed to make any of the Divisions and 3ilotnaents.directed in and by any fn$h A&> to set out and appoint the publick Carriage Roads and Highways, through and over the Lands, and Grounds intended to be divided, allotted, and indofed, and to divert, turn, and ftoy up, any of the Roads and Trafls, upon and over, all, or any Part of the said Lands and Grounds, as he or they shall judge necessary, so as such Roads and Highways shall be, and remain thirty Feet wide at the lead, and so as the same shall be set out in such Directions as shall, upon the Whole, appear to him or them mol commodious to the Publick, and he or they are hereby further required to ascertain the same by Marks and Bounds, and to prepare a Map in which such intended Roads shall be accurately laid down and described, and to cause the fame, being signed by such Commissioner, if only one, or the major Part of such Commission^ crx, to be deposited with the Clerk of the said Commissioner or Commissioners, for the Inspection of all Persons concerned; and as soon as may be after such Carriage Roads shall have been so set out, and such Map so deposited, to give Notice in some Newspaper to be named in such Bill, and also by affixing the same upon the Church Door of the Parish, in which any of the Lands lo to be inclosed shall lie, of his or their having set out such Roads, and deposited such Map, and also of the general Lines of such intended Carriage Roads, and to appoint in^sod by the same Notice, a Meeting to be held by the said Commissioner or Commissioners, at some convenient Place, in or near to the Parish or Township within which the said Inclosure is to be made, and not sooner than three Weeks from the Date and Publication of such Notice, at which Meeting it shall and may be lawful for any Person who may be injured or aggrieved by the setting out of such Roads to attend; and if any such Person shall object to the setting out of the same, then such Commissioner or Commissioners, together with any Justice or Justices of Peace, acting in and for the Division of the County in which such Inclosure shall be made, and not being interested in the fame, who may attend such Meeting, shall hear and determine such Objection, sad the Objections of any other such Person, to any Alteration that the said Commissioner or Commissioners, together with such Justice or Justices, may in Consequence propose. to make, and shall, and he or they are hereby required, according to the best of their Judgement upon the Whole, to order and finally direct how such Carriage Roads shall be set out, and either to confirm the said Map, or make such Alterations therein as the Case may require: Provided always, That in Case such Commissioner or Commissioners shall by such Bill be empowered to flop up any old car accustomed Road, passing or leading through any Part of the old Indofures in such Parish, Township, or Place, the same shall in no Case be done without the Concurrence and Order of two Justices of the Peace, acting m and for such Division, and not interested in the Repair of such Roads, and which Order shall be subject to an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions, in like Manner and under the same Forms' and Restrictions 4s if the same had byep opgfijally nude by such Justice as aforesaid.

der of two Justices, subject to Appeal, to

IX. And be it further enacted, That such Carriage Roads so to be set out as aforesaid, shall be well and suffi-r cully fenced on both Sides, by such of the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds intended to be divided, allotted, and indofed, and within such Time as such Commissioner or Commissioners shall, by any Writing under his or their Hands, di red* or appoint and that it (hill not be lawful for any Person or Persons to itt up or ered any Gate acro& any fitch Carriage .Road, or to plant any Trees in or near to the Hedges on the &*de» thrrvuf, _at a.less Distance from each other than fifty Varda; and such Comunffioner or Commissioners flaril, and be or they island are hereby empowered and required, by Writing under his or their Hands, to tiotni-state and appoint oke*or mpre Surveyor or Surveyors, with or.without a Salary, for the First forming and completing such Parts of the said Carriage Roads as shall be newly made, and for putting into complete Repair IucIl

fame as shall have been previously made; which Salary (if anyJ and also the Expence of form-

Objection* td'Claims shall be delivered at or before the Meeting appointed lor that Purpose, or shall not be received except for special Cause. Commiflfionert not hereby authorized to determine Dif-putes touching Title to Lands; but shall assign Ihe Allotments*to the Persons in actual Scifin or Possession. Dif-deluy Indofures.

Oamnissioners before making any Allotments, shall appoint publick Carriage Roads, and prepare a Map thereof to be deposited with their Clerk, and give Notice thereof, and appoint a Meeting, at which, if any Person shall oh-jest, the Commissionen, with a Justice of th€^ Division, shall determine tfo Matter*

Where Commif--] sioners may be empowered so flop up any old Road, it shall not be done without the Or-Quarter Sessions* Canipjc Roads shall be fenced on both Su'es according to Direction? of Con; — ir1!/r!orrrj. Na Pt ft nfh iflcrc# a- y Gale across any Ho d, or plant a n* T ces on the b: .!es, at thr n co

trioe.

214 C. 109. 41° GEORGII III. A.D. 180r.

ing, completing, and repairing such Roads respectively, over and above a Proportion of the Statute Duty on the Roads so to be repaired, shall be raised in like Manner as the Charges and Expences of obtaining and patting any such Act, and ol carrying the same into Execution, shall be thereby directed to be raised, apd shall be paid to such Surveyor or Surveyors on or before the Execution of the Award of such Commissioner or Commissioners and in case the same shall be thereby provided to be raised by Sale of any Part of the Lands so to be divided and inclosed, that then such Commissioner or Commissioners shall make a conditional Rate upon the Owners and Proprietors of the same, in case the Produce of such Sale should prove insufficient for the Purposes aforesaid; and such Surveyor or Surveyors shall, and he or they is and are hereby directed to be in all Respects subject to the Jurisdiction and Controul of the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County in which such Road# shall respectively lie, and shall account to such Justices in like Manner for all Monies so to be by him or them received and expended, and for the Re-payment of any Surplus which may remain in his or their Hands to such Persons as shall have been made liable to contribute thereto, according so the Proportion so as above ascertained by such Commissioner or Commissioners; and such Justices shall have ttye like Powers of levying any such Rate as may by them be thought necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, according to the Proportions previously ascertained by such Commissioner or Commissioners, as if such Surveyor or Surveyors had been appointed under or by virtue of the General Highway Ad pafltd in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and in case such Surveyor or Surveyors shall neglect to complete and repair such Roads respectively within the Space of two Years after such Award, unlessa further Time, not exceeding one Year, shall for that Purpose be allowed by such Justices, and then within such further Time, he or they shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, an4 the Inhabitants at large of the Parish, Township, or Place wherein such Roads shall be respectively situate, shall be in no wife charged or chargeable towards forming or repairing the said Roads respectively, except such Proportion of such Statute Duty as aforesaid, till such lime as the same shall, by such Justices in their special Sessions, be declared to be fully and sufficiently formed, completed, and repaired, from which Time, and for ever thereafter, the same shall be supported and kept in Repair by such Persons, and in like Manner as the other publick Roads within such Parish, Towiiship, or Place, are by Law to be amended and kept ia Repair.

Commissioners flull appoint pri-ntc Roads, Sec.

Grass and Herb* age on Roads shall belong to the Proprietors of the Lands adjoining; and all Roads which shall not be set out shall be al« lotted and 111-ciofed.

No Turnpike Road shall be altered without the

X. And be it further enacted, That such Commissioner or Commissioners shall, and he or they is and are hereby empowered and required to set out and appoint such private Roads, Bridleways, Footways, Ditches, Drain*, Watercourses, Watering Places, Quarries, Bridges, Gates, Stiles, Mounds, Fences, Banks, Bounds, and Land Marks, in, over, upon, and through or by the Sides of the Allotments to be made and set out in pursuance of such Act, as he or they shall think requinte, giving such Notice and subject to such Examination, as to any private Roads or Paths, as are above required in the Case of publick Roads, and the same shall be made, and at all Times for ever thereafter be supported and kept in Repair, by and at the Expence of the Owners and Proprietors for the Time being of the Lands and Grounds directed to be divided and inclosed, in such Shares and Proportions a9 the Commissioner or Commissioners shall in and by his or their Award order and direct.

XI. And be it further enacted, That after such publick and private Roads and Ways shall have been set out and made; the Grass and Herbage arising thereon shall for ever belong to and be the foie Right of the Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds which shall next adjoin the said Roads and Ways on either Side thereof, as far as the Crown of the Road; and all Roads, Ways, and Paths, over, through, and upon such Lands and Grounds which shall not be set out as aforesaid, shall be for ever (lopped up and extinguished, and shall be deemed and taken as Part of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and shall be divided, allotted, and inclosed accordingly: Provided, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be condrued to extend, to give such Commissioner or Commissioners any Power or Authority to divert, change, or alter any Turnpike Road that shall or may lead over any such Lands and Grounds, unless the Consent of the Majority of the Trustees of such Turnpike Road, assembled at some publick Meeting called for that Purpose on ten Days Notice, be first had and obtained.

Consent of the Trustees.

Commissioners, in making Allotments, shall have due regard to the Situation of Houses as well as the Quantity and Quality of Land.

XII. And be it further enacted, That such Commissioner or Commissioners in making the several Allotments directed by any such Act, shall have due Regard as well to the Situation of the respective Houses or Home-.(leads of the Proprietors, as to the Quantity and Quality of the Lands and Grounds to be allotted to them respectively, so far as may be confident with the general Convenience of the said Proprietors; and that such Commissioner or Commissioners in making the said Allotments shall have particular Regard to the Convenience of the Owners or Proprietors of the finalled Estates in the Lands and Grounds directed to be allotted and exchanged.

Commissioners may direct small Allotments to be laid together and ring-fenced, and Rocked and de-pastured in Common by the Proprietors.

XIII. And whereas the Proprietors and Persons interested in Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures,

Commons, and Waste Lands, directed to be divided and allotted, whose Allotments thereof will be small, and

expensive to inclose, may be desirous of docking and depaduring their Allotments in common, and of (haring

such Produce as may grow thereon, under proper Regulations be it therefore further enacted, That such Commissioner or Commissioners shall be, and he or they is and are hereby fully authorized and empowered, on Application of the Parties interested at their fird or second Meeting for receiving Claims, and on an attentive View and full Consideration of the Premises, to award, order, and direct any such Allotments to be laid together and ring-fenced, and to be docked and depastured in common, and to make such Orders and Regulations for the equitable Enjoyment thereof, and for the Participation of any Produce growing or to grow thereon, as such Commissioner or Commissioners may think beneficial and proper for the said several Parties interested therein.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (17. K.)

C. 109.

2J5

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the several Shares of and in any Lands or Grounds which shall upon my such Division be assigned, set out, allotted, and applied, unto and for the frveral Persons who shall be entitled to the fame, shall, when so allotted, be and be taken to be in full Bar of and Satisfaction and Compensation for their several and respective Lands, Grounds, Rights of Common, and all other Rights and Properties what-foerer, which they respectively had or were entitled to, in and over the said Lands and Grounds, immediately before the passing of any such Act; and that from and immediately after the making the said Division and Allotments, and the Execution of the Award of such Commissioner or Commissioners, or at any other Time as such Commissioner or Commissioners shall, by Writing under his or their Hands, to be affixed on the principal Door of the Church of the Parish in which the Lands and Grounds shall be situate, direct or appoint, all Rights of Common, and all Rights whatsoever, by such Act intended to be extinguished, belonging to or claimed by any Person or Persons whomsoever, Bodies Politick or Corporate, in, over, or upon such Lands or Ground*; , shall cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished.

XV. And be it further enacted, That such Commissioner or Commissioners shall, and he or they is and are hereby authorized, to set out, allot, and award any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, new Allotments, or old Inclosures, within such Parish or Manors, in lieu of or in Exchange for any other Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, new Allotments, or old Inclosures within the said Parish or Manors, or within any adjoining Parish or Place j so as that all such Exchanges be made with the Consent of the respective Owners, Proprietors, or other Persons, seised of the Lanas, Hereditaments, and Premises which shall respectively be so exchanged as aforesaid, or of the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies acting for or on Behalf of such Owners, Proprietors, or other Persons respectively, who are under Coverture, Minors, Lunaticks, or beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability or Incapacity of acting for themselves ffuch Consent to be testified by Writing under their respective Hands); and so that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and set forth in the Award of such Commissioner or Commissioners i and so that aB such Exchanges of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, belonging to or held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or Ecclesiastical Benefice, shall also be made with the like Content, in Writing, of the Bishop of the Diocese, and of the Patron of any Church, Chapel, or Ecclesiastical Benefice for the Time being; and all such Exchanges so made as aforesaid shall be for ever good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XVI. And whereas it may happen that some of the Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Tenements, or

I-ands, in any such Parish or Manor, and Persons entitled to Allotment or Allotments to Be made by virtue of any such Act, may be seised thereof or entitled thereto in Joint Tenantcy, or as Coparceners, or Tenants in

common, and cannot, by reason of Infancy, Settlement, or Absence beyond Seas, make an effectual Division thereof be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Commissioner or Commissioners, and he or they is and are hereby authorised and empowered (upon the Request in Writing of such Joint Tenants or Coparceners, or Tenants in common, or any or either of them, or of the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of such as are under Coverture, Minors* Lunaticks, or under any other Incapacity as aforesaid, or absent beyond Seas) to make Partition and Division of the Messuages, Cottages, Tenements, I-ands, and Allotment or Allotments, to such of the said Owners or Proprietors who shall be entitled to the same a9 Joint Tenants, Coparceners, or Tenants in common, and to allot the same accordingly to such Owners and Proprietors in Severalty; and from and immediately after the said Allotments mall be so made and declared, the same shall be golden and enjoyed by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be allotted in Severalty, in such and the same Manner, and subject to such and the same Use9, as the undivided Parts or Shares of such Estates would have been held in case such Partition and Division had not been made.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons, to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of any such Act, shall, and he, (he; or they is and are hereby required to accept his, her, and their respective Allotments within the Space of two Calendar Months next after the Execution of the Award, directed to be made in and by any such Act; and in case any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to accept of his, her, or their Share or Allotment within the Time before mentioned, such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall be totally excluded from having or receiving any Estate or interest, or Right of Common whatsoever, in any Part of the Lands and Grounds to be divided and inclosed by virtue of any such Act.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for the respective Guardians, Husbands, Trustees, Committees, qr Attornies of any Person or Penons being Minors, Femes Covert, Lunaticks, beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable by Law, to accept any such Allotments as shall be made by virtue of any such Act, to and for the Use of such Person or Persons (o incapacitated as aforesaid; and also that any Person or Persons entitled to any Allotment or Allotments as Tenant or Tenants for Life or Lives, shall be, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby respectively enabled and required to accept of and take such Allotment or Allotments respectively; and evenr such Acceptance respectively shall be and is hereby declared to be valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever 1 Provided further. That the Non-claim or Non-acceptance of any such Guardian, Husband, Trustee, Committee, or Attorney, shall not exclude or in any Way prejudice the Right of any Infant, Feme Covert, Lunatick, or other Person or Persons being under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, or absent beyond the Seas, who shall claim or accept such Share or Allotment within twelve Calendar Months next after such Disability or Incapacity shall be removed, or of any Person entitled as Heir in Remainder after the Death of any Person dying during such Incapacity or Disability, who shall ckim or accept the same within one Year next after his, her, or their Right, Title, or Interest shall have accrued, defended, or veiled, or be known so to be.

Allotment* shall be in full Compensation for all Rights in the Lands, which ftwU cease on Notice from the Commissioners affixed on the Church Poor.

Commissioners may exchange Allotments, Messuages, .Lands, See. with the Consent of the Proprietors, ' or if belonging to Churches, &c. with the Consent of the Bishop and of the Pali on.

Commissioners may make Allotments in Severalty to joint-tenants, or Tenants in com-

Persons shall accept their Allotments in a limited Time, or forfeit their Right.

Guardians, Sec, may accept for incapacitated Persons, and Tenants for Life fti.Ul accept of ANotments.

Non- acceptance oi Guardians, Sec. shall not prejudice the Rights of incapacitated Persons who shall accept in a limited Time after enabled so to da

2l6

Before Execution.of the Award, Allotments may be ditched and inclosed, with the Consent of the Commissioners.

Trees, ice. shall be allotted wath

the Lands whereon they (land, the Parties paying to tire Owners such Sums as the Commissioners shall direct; but in Case of Neglect the Owners may cut them down and take them away. Where Money is to be paid for Lands, &c. and which ought to be laid out in other Purchases to be settled to the same Uses, the Commission-ei s may thereout defray a Proportion of the P x-pencesof parting the Act, and putting it in Execution, &c.; and if the Surplus amount to 200l. it shall, as soon as may be, be laid out iu other Purchases, and in the mean Time be paid into the Bank and applied under the Direction of the Court of Chancery.

If such Money be less than 2001. and upwards of -20l. it shall at the Option of the Person entitled to the Rents, be paid into the <Bank, or to two Trustees to be approved of by the Commissioners, for the same purposes.

: If lef* than 20b it shall be applied to the Use (of the Person entitled to the

C. 109. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.). A.D. 180r.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That after the Allotments shall be set out by such Commissioner or Commissioners, and at any Tive before the Execution of his or their Award, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be so made, and staked or marked out, by and with the Consent of such Commissioner or Commissioners in Writing under his or their Hands, to ditch, fence off, and inclose their respective Allotments, in such Manner as mch Commissioner or Commissioners shall so direct and appoint.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Timber Trees and other Trees, Thorns, and Bushes, (landing and growing upon any Waile Lands or other Lands to be allotted by such Act, shall be allotted and go along with the Lands whereon they respectively (land, and shall be deemed the Property of the several Persons to whom the same Lands shall be respectively allotted, such Persons paying to the Owner or respective Owners of the said Trees> such Sumo of Money for the fame, and at such Time or Times, and Place or Places, as the said Com-raiflioner or Commissioners shall by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands direct; but if the said Parties who are to make such respective Payments shall neglect or refuse to make the same accordingly, then it shall be lawful to and for the respective Parties who shall be entitled to have and receive such Payments, to enter on the said Lands, and cut down, take, and carry away to their own Use, the said Trees, Thorns, or Bushes, in respect of which the said Payments were respectively to be made to them, at any seasonable Time or Times within one Year next after such Neglect or Default, they doing as little Damage on the said Lands as may be.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Sum of Money is, under the Provision of this Act, of any such Bill, to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Sum of Money ought to he laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, it shall and may be lawful, to and for such Commissioner or Commissioners, out of such Sum to defray such Proportion of the Expence of passing such Act, and of carrying the same into Execution, as shall, if any, be charged upon any of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the Person or Persons, Body Politick or Corporate, Trustees or Feoffees, in Possession of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so loid or exchanged, or on which such Timber or Wood actually grew, and also the Expence of any permanent Improvement, such as building, sub-dividing^ draining, or planting, and the like, which shall in the Judgment of such Commissioner or Commissioners be proper to be made, and shall be made under his or their Direction, upon any Lands to be by virtue of such Act allotted to such Person or Persons, Body Politick or Corporate, Trustees or Feoffees respectively; and iA case the Surplus of such Money shall amount to the Sum of two hundred Pounds, then the same shall, with alt convenient Speed, be inverted in the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled upon, and subject to the like Uses, ' Trusts, and Limitations, as such Land so fold or exchanged, or the Lands on which such Timber grew, were settled, limited, oraffured; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase can be made, such Money shall be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the said Commissioner or Commissioners, without Fee or Reward, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to, be signiiied by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or Timber respectively, either in or towards the Redemption or Purw chafe of LandT^x, or towards the Discharge of any Debts or Incumbrances affecting the Lands or Heredi-tamttitsfo purchased or exchanged, or on which such Timber grew, or until the same shall, upon the like Application, in a summary Way, be laid out by Order of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses; and in the mean Time, and until Order can be made, such Money may, by Order of the said Court, be laid out in some of the Publick Funds, or on Government or real Securities, and the Dividends or Interest arising therefrom, shall, by Order of the said Court, be paid to such Person or Person#> as would, for the Time being, be entitled to the Rents and Profits of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so to be purchased, conveyed, and settled.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Money shall be less than the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, then and in such Case the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of rthe Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be

Elaced to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in the Manner before directed; or otherwise the ime shall be paid at the like Option to two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such. Option, and approved of by the Commissioner or Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and toproving Parties) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of* Chancery.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money shall be less than twenty Pounds* then and in such Case the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, in such Manner as the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or

their

C.

n-8bf. 4iv GEORGII III. (U.K.) C. 109.

thHr GoardtthorGdsurilan», Committee or Committees, td and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Per* fanifo entitled respectively.

r XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made, Ar*any Guardian, Husband, Trustees, Feoffees, Committees, or Attorney of any Infant, Feme Covert, Chattier Chanties, Lunatick, Idiot, Person or Persons beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable of acting respecthitty, or thy Tenant in Tail, or for Life, or Tniftee or Trustees for any Settlement, or any Mortgagee or Mortgagee#, Orbther Creditor in Possession, shall neglect or ref use to accept, inclose, and fence his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments, within such Time or Times as such Commissioner or Commissioner a, by any Writing M aforesaid, or by 1ms or their Award, shall order or direct, it shall be lawful for such Comminioner or Com-arifitoners to cause such Allotment or Allotments to be inclosed and fenced, and to let the same to any Person or Persons he or they may think proper, and to receive the Rents and Profits thereof, until the Expences at-tendmgtbc Inclosure and Fencing thereof are paid and satisfied, or to charge such Expences upon the Proprietor or Proprietors of thd feme Allotment or Allotments; and by any such Writing as aforesaid, or by his or their find Award, to appoint to whom, and at what Time or Times the same shall be paid, subject to the same Mode, and with the likcPowerBof Recovery thereof, as may be provided respecting the other Expences of passing any such Act, and carrying the same into Execution, or otherwise directed by any such Adfc.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several Proprietors of the Allotments to be made in pursuance of airy such Act, their Agents or Workmen, at any seasonable Time or Times, within the Space of Seven Years next after the fencing of any Allotment or Allotments, to set up and eredk Pods and fuulsy or other dead Ffcnces, on the Outside of the Ditches bounding their respective Allotments, not exceeding three Feet from such Ditches, for the Preservation of their Quickset Hedges, and at any seasonable Time or Times before, the Expiration of the said Term, to take and carry away the Materials of such outside Fences, ihen they shall think proper.

t.j.I. away by

217

Rent' of th»'Lands, &c.

If any Person does not accept, inclose, and fence, his Allotment as the Commissioner shall direct, they may cause it to he inclosed and fenced and let, and receive the Rents until the Extxrnces are Ta-tished, or they may charge them upon the Proprietor.

During fevea Years after fencing Allotments, Fences may he erected on the Outside of the Ditches, and the Mate hals carried the Proprietors.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Fences or Hedges which at the Time of the passing of any such Act (Sail bedbaulihgwrf gibwing in or upon any of the Lands d^rc&ed to be divided and inclosed, shall be cut dowa or xlHltofed by the Owners and Proprietors thereof, after the passing of such Act, until the Execution of the Award, without the.Confeat of such Commissioner or Commissioners mil had and obtained in riting for dmt Puxpose; and if any such Fences or Hedges shall be assigned or approved by such Commissioner or Com-ffioqen M and for a Bbundmry Fence, or as and for a Subdivision Fence to and for any of the Allotments to be made: ia pursuance of such Act, all such Fences and Hedges shall be left uncut for the Benefit of the Person or Peribnr to whom such Allotment or Allotments shall belong; and he, she, or they shall make such Compen-farion ip Money to the, fonnef* Owners and Proprietors thereof, as such Commissioner or Commissioners shall, by Writn^uodar his oc their Hand or Hands in that Behalf order and appoint, subject to the same Mode, and wkh the like Powers of tyscovery thereof, as may in such Act be provided respecting the other Expences of psffisy any such. Ad, and carrying the same into Execution.

No (landing Fences or Hedges shall fie destroyed till the Execution of the Award, without ConfcntolCjn: -mHfioners, and if assigned as a Boundary Fence, shall he left un-cur, the Person* entitled to the Allotments making Compensation therefore. Where the.Boundary of any Common Field*. Sec. shall be fenced by any Mound, N'c. the Proprietors of adjoining Allotment* shall not be compelled to fence them; but such Boundaries shall be maintained by the Proprietors as lieforc, or as the Commissioners may appoint.

XXVII. Provided always ahcT be it further enacted, That no Proprietors whose Allotments or Shares shall, upon any such Tndofure, lid and be situate next and adjoining to any Common Fields or inclosed Grounds, the Boundary of which shall be Fenced by any Mound, Fence, Brook, or Rivulet, shall be compelled to make or creel any Hedges, Ditches, or Fences, next adjoining to any such Common Fields or inclosed Grounds, for ihdofing such theft* Allotments or Shares 5 but that the whole Mound, Fence, Brook or Rivulet, or other fuffident Fences which divide any such Common Fields or inclosed Grounds from such Allotments, shall for ever be and remain a Boundary Fence for the Purpose of such Division, and shall from Time to Time be maintained, kept, cleinfed, fcouredj and repaired, by the respective Proprietors thereof, in the same Manner as before the pamng of this Act, or in'such other Manner as such Commissioner or Commissioners shall order and direct: Provided nevertheless, That in case it shall happen that some of the Proprietors shall have a greater Proportion of Fences to make and maintain upon any of the Lands directed to be divided and inolofed, than in the Judgment of such Commissioner or Commissioners the Allotments of such Proprietors ought to be charged with, it shall be lawful for such Commissioner or Commissioners, where he or they shall judge it proper, to ascertain and appoint such* Sum of Money to be paid to every such Proprietor towards making and maintaining such Fences, by such other of the Proprietors who may have a less Proportion of Fencing, according to the Value and Quantity of the Lands to be allotted to th^m, and to grant such other Relief in respect thereof, out of the Money to be raffed for defraying the Expfcncfcs of carrying such Act into Execution, as he or they shall think reasonable, and in case any such Money shall be so directed to be raised^ in order that the said Boundary Fences may be brought a? near as may be to a just and equal Proportion.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall wilfully and unlawfully break

down, destroy, carry away, or damage any Fence, Stile, Poll, Rail, Gate, Bridge, or Tunnel, which may

be put np or placed under the Authority and for the Purposes of any such Act, every Person so offending, and^ AlUno

being thereof convicted before any Justice of the Peace for the County in which the Lands or Grounds to be*Hty

inclosed shall be situate, on Confession or on Proof of the Offence, by Oath of one or more credible Witness jhsfl forfeit 5l.

or Witnesses (which Oath the fakl Justice is hereby authorized to administer) shall for every such Offence forfeit and the Propiw-and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds; and every Person shall be allowed to give Evidence of such Of-^of the Lands, fence notwithstanding he may be a Proprietor or Occupier of Lands within, or an Inhabitant of such Parish,

and notwithstanding he may be the Owner of any such Fence, Stile, Poll, Rail, Gate* Bridge, or Tunnel; to I

be recovered as hemn-after provided.

41 Geo. III. (U.K.) F f, £XIX. ' And

Person' dHfruy-ing, &c. Fence See. pul up under she Amho-

n8 C. 109.

41" GEORGII ni. ( A.D. 1801.

Whose Expence«: of obtaining anrl rar-rvi".g uiv Act into Execution, shall l.e to he paid by ihe Proprietors, the Crirmtuilioneri m.ry, on neglofl, C't jfe the same to \*g levied by JJi'licfs, or may; .ke Possession oi the ADotmentj, and receive the Rents, till satis-fiod.

Guardians, Te-vtantt for life, be. may charge Allotments with Expences, if not exceeding 5l. per Acre; end it Persons in Possession shall advance the Money, the Commissioner* may mprtgaft the Lands to them hr Reimburse*-

Commissionec* fnaydeduft from AJlrtmeqfs for Charity or School Lands, What shall be dc&ned equal to the proportionable Share of the Expencev and a^lot the same to Fvrfons under-f to pay.

XXIX. 4 And whereas it may often be provided by such AA, that the Expencei of obtaining the fane, end also the Expences of carrying the same into Execution, shall be paid in proportion by the Proprietors of'

Land* or Grounds to whom any Allotments shall be made; be it further enacted, That in such Case, when and so often as any such Person or Persons, except the Person or Persons thereby exempted from Payment of any such Charges and Expences, shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their Proportion of the Charges a*d Expences, or shall refuse or neglect to pay the Expences attending the inclosing and fencing of any such Allot* ments as upon the Neglect or Refusal of the Proprietors shall be inclosed and fenced by such Commissioner or Commissioners as herein after mentioned, at the respective Days and Times to be appointed for Payment of such Charges and Expences, it shall be lawful for such Commissioner or Commissioners, by any Warmnt or Warranto under his or their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, tocaufc the fad Costs, Charges, and Expences, and Sum or Sums of Money respectively, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so making Default in Payment as aforesaid, hit, her, or their Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies, wheresoever the same shall be found, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale being lirft deducted, together with the Interest after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum ter Annum, to be computed on such Share or Shares, Proportion or Proportions, from the Time the fume shall be directed to he paid by such Commissioner or Commissioners as aforesaid; or otherwise it shall be lawful for such Commissioner or CommissionerR, or any Person or Persons authorized by him or them*, to enter upon and take Possession of the Premises so to be allotted to such Person or Persons refuung or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, and to receive and take the Rents and Profits thereof, until thereby, therewith, or otherwise, the Share or Shares, Proportion or Proportions, and the said Costs and Charges so ordered and; directed by such Commissioner or Commissioners to be paid by such Person or Persons as aforesaid, and all Interest on such Share or Shares, Proportion or Proportions, to be computed from the Time the fane shall by such Commissioner or Commissioners be directed to be paid as aforesaid, and also all Costs, Charges, and Expences, occasioned by or attending such Entry upon and Perception of the Rents and Profits of the fad Premises, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in such Case as last aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Hitanda, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of any of the Owners or Proprietors of such Allotment or Exchanged Lands, being under Coverture, Minors, Lunaticks, beyond the fcas, or under any other Disability, and for any of the fad Owners or Proprietors being Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives* or Year* determinable on a Life or Lives, or on any other Contingency, or otherwise, interested at aforesaid (except the RcAor or Vicar of such Parish) to charge such Allotments, or Exchanged'Lands and Premises, with such Sum or Sums of Money as such Commissioner or Commissioners shall by his or their Award, or by Writing under his or their Hands, either before or after the Execution of such Award, adjudge necessary to pay and defray the fad respective Shares of the Charges and Expences incident to and attending m obtaining such A A* and carrying the same into Execution, and of charging the said Lands as aforesaid, so that the fane shall not exceed five rounds for every Acre of such Allotments or Exchanged Lands; and to grant, mortgage, fitrren-der, lease, or demise, or otherwise subject the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be charged, unto such Person or Persons who shall advance and lend the same respectively, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for any Term or Number of Years; or in case any Person in Possession, who shall or may. be liable to and charged with a Share of the Expences as aforesaid, or enabled by this or any such AA to charge such Lands and Grounds with the fame, shall choose to advance, pay, and discharge such Sum or Sums of Money, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner or Commissioners, by any Deed or Writing under his or their Hands and Seals, to be attested by two or more credible Witnesses, in like Manner to grant, mortgage, ' surrender, lease, demise, or otherwise subject the fad Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to such Person, or Persons respectively paying and discharging the fame, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, ancL Assigns, for any Term or Number of Years, to and for the Payment of such Sum and Sums of Money so ad-" vanced, paid, and discharged by him or them, with Interest for the fame, to commence on the Termination of his, her, or their Right in the Premises; so that every such Grant, Mortgage, Surrender, Lease, or Demise* he made with a Proviso or Condition to cease and be void, or with an express Trust to be surrendered or re-assigned, when such Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be secured shall be fully paid and satisfied; and also with a Covenant to pay and keep down the Interest, so that no Person or Persons afterwards becoming possessed or entitled to any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be liable to pay any further or larger Arrear of Interest than for six Calendar Months preceding the Time when the Title to such Possession shall nave commenced; and that every such Charge, Grant, Mortgage, Surrender, Lease, or Demise, shall be good, valid*, and effectual in the Law for the Purposes thereby intended.

XXXI. 4 And whereas in such Cases as aforesaid, where Provision may be made in any such AA for charging the Expences of passing such AA, or of executing the Powers therein contained, or of fencing the respective Allotments, on the several Proprietors thereof, it may be more convenient for the Feoffees or Trustees of any Charity Lands or School Lands, to have Lands deducted from the respective Allotments to be made for such Charity Lands or School Lands, for paying the proportionable Share in respect of such Allotments of such Expences respectively, than to raise Money on Mortgage for those Purposes; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Commissioner or Commissioners, if he or they shall judge it right or expe-v' dient, to deduct from the respective Allotments to be made to such Feoffees or Trustees as aforesaid, so muclx, Land as shall in the Judgment of such Commissioner or Commissioners be equal in Value to their respective - Proportions of the fad Expences, and to allot, assign, and award the same to such Person or Persons as fuctx.^ Commissioner or Commissioners shall think proper, and who will undertake to pay and defray, and shall pay and L defray, all such Expences.

219

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) C. 109.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall be provided by any such Act, that the Expeaces attending the same shall be paid by Sale of any Part of the Land so to be inclosed, the said CommiiEoner or Commissioners shall mark and set out such Part or Parts of the said Waste or Commonable Lands, as in his or their Opinion will by Sale thereof raise a Sum of Money sufficient to pay and discharge all such Charges and pxpences as may by any such Act be directed to be paid and discharged out of the same; and the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall fell such Part or Parts of the said Lands to any Person or Persons for the best Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame, by private Contract, or by publick Auction or Auctions to be holden for that Purpose, of which Six Weeks previous Notice shall be given, in such Manner as shall by any such Act be directed with respect to the other Notices thereby required; and the Person or Persons so purchasing the fame, shall immediately pay (by way of Deposit) into the Hands of the said Commissioner or Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as he or they shall direct and appoint, one tenth Part of his, her, or their Purchase Money, and pay the Remainder thereof within three Calendar Months next after, or at such other Time as the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall appoint, and in Default thereof, the Money so deposited shall be forfeited, and shall be applied in carrying such Act into Execution; and the said Allotment or Allot* ments for which the Whole of such Purchase Money shall not have been so paid, or for which there shall be no Bidding at such Auction, shall be again put up to Sale, and fold in Manner aforesaid, for the best Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame, or be sold by the said Commissioner or Commissioners by private Contract, for any Sum or Sums not less than the remaining nine tenths of the Price or respective Prices for which the same was or were respectively before fold, or the Amount of one Bidding above the Sum or respective Sums at which the same was or were respectively put up in the said former Auction; and every Allotment for which the full Purchase Money shall be paid, shall immediately thereupon be absolutely discharged of and from all Common and other Right thereon or therein, and be vested in Fee Simple in, and be inclosed, and thenceforth held in Severalty by such Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, as his, her, or their private and absolute Property, and shall be allotted accordingly by the said CommiiEoner or Commissioners; and the said Purchase Mo* ncj shall be applied in defraying such Charges and Expences as may be in any such Act directed to be paid and discharged by the Sale of such Land.

XXXIII. And, for the better enabling such Commissioner or Commissioners to determine the several Matters and Things by this or any such Act referred to his or their Determination, be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioner or Commissioners from Time to Time, as he or they shall see Occasion, by any Writing or Writings under his or their Hand or Hands, to summon and require any Person or Persons to appear before them at any Time and Place in such Writing to be appointed, to testify the Truth touching the Matter in Dispute between any Proprietors or interested Persons, or otherwise relating to the Execution of the Powers given by this or any such Act, and to cause a Copy of such Writing to be served on such Person or Persons required to give Evidence, or to be left at his, her, or their usual or last Place of Abode; and every Person or Persons so fumtnoned, who shall not appear before the said Commissioner or Commissioners pursuant to such Summons (without assigning dome reasonable Excuse for not appearing) or appearing shall refute to be sworn or examined on Oath or Affirmation, which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioner or Commissioners is and art hereby empowered and required to administer, (such Person or Persons having been paid or tendered to him, her, or them, the reasonable Charges of his, her, or their Attendance) and being thereof convicted before one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County or District in which such Lands are Etuated, upon Information thereof upon Oath made before any such Justice, shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than five Pounds, as such Justice or Justices shall think fit and ordef.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Witness summoned to attend such Corn- smfioner or Commissioners, shall be obliged to travel above eight Miles from the Boundary of the Pajifh, Manor, or District, by any such Act intended to be inclosed.

XXXV. 'And be it further enacted, That as (bon as conveniently may be after the Division and Allotment of the Eajd Lands and Grounds shall be finished, pursuant to the Purport and Directions of this or any such Act, the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall form and draw up, or cause to be formed and drawn up, an Award in Writing* which shall express the Quantity of Acres, Roods, and Perches, in Statute Measure, contained in the said Lands and Grounds, and the Quantity of each and every Part and Parcel thereof which shall be so allotted, assigned, or exchanged, and the situations and Descriptions of the same respectively, and shall alSo contain a Description of the Roads, Ways, Footpaths, Watercourses, Watering Places, Quarries, Bridges, Fences, and Lana.Marks, set out and appointed by the said Commissioner or Commissioners re* speftrrcly as aforesaid, and all such other Rules, Orders, Agreements, Regulations, Directions, and Determinations, as the said CommiiEoner or Commissioners shall think necessary, proper, or beneficial to the ParticG; which said. Award shall be fairly ingrossed or written on Parchment, and shall be read and executed by the CooimifEooer or Commissioners, in the Presence of the Proprietors who may attend at a special General Meeting called for that Purpose, of which ten Days Notice at lead shall be given in fonfc Paper to be named in such Act and circulating in the County, which Execution of such Award shall be proclaimed the next Smmd^in the Church of the Pariflt in which such Lands shall be, from the Time of which Proclamation only 'and not before, such Award shall be considered as complete; and shall, within twelve Calendar Months after the same shall be so signqdand sealed, or so soon as conveniently may be, be inrolled in one of his Majesty's Courts of Recordat WcJlmt^{Urs or withhe Clerk of the Peace for the County in which such Lands shall be firwted, to the End that Recourse may be had thereto by any Person or Persons interested therein, for the Iafpeftion and Penifal whereof no more than one Shilling shall be paid; and a Copy of the said Award, or may Part thereof figaed by the proper Ofliccrof die Court wherein the same shall be inrolled, or by the Clerk

Where the Expences of obtaining and carrying any Act into Execution shall be to be paid by 5a!e of Part of the Lands, Commit oners shall set out and felJ a Part, and the Purchasers Dull immediately make a depoftf, which shall be forfeited, if Purchase Money be not duly paid.

Commissioners may summon Witnesses; Penalty for Non-attendance, Ace. from' 10l. to 5k

Witness % al! not be obliged to travel above eight

Miles.

After Allotment Commissioners draw up their Am-ard, which IhaM he.read and executed zf. a Meeting of the Ppo|, 'i »c-tors, and pro-rhitned the ne't Sunday in the Church, and the1; considered as complete.

Awr, id shall imolied in ore 01 the Courts at Westminster, «r with the Clerk of the Peace, and may be mfpe&-

td, and Copies

oM.: ined.

Award and Copies shall be legrtl Evidence, irul Award be binding on all Parties intent ft ed.

Commissionerj may annex Maps 1o the Award, which shall be deemed Part tlicieof.

Commissioners shall keep Account of all Monies, which may be inspected at their Clerk's Office gratis.

Penalty on neg-l©<ft from tol. to 5l.

Monies ralfed ihallbedeposited a< dire^ed by a Majority in Value of Proprietors, and not issued without Order from Commissioners.

The Rc^or dr Vic2r with the Consent of the Riftiop of the Pk>eefe, and of the Patron of thel living, may kate AHokmentf (or 21 Yrani ' »pon ceitaiA Conditions.

Penalties shall, be recoverable before one J uC-lit e.

C. 109. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K: ) A.D. 1801.

of the Peace for such County, or his deputy, purporting the same to Be a true Copy, shall from Time to Time be made and delivered by such Officer or Clerk of the Peace for the Time being as aforesaid, to any Person requesting the fame, for which no more shall be paid than Two-pence for every Sheet of seventy-two Words; and the said Award, and each Copy of the same, or of any Part thereof, signed as aforesaid, shall at all Times be admitted and allowed in all Courts whatever as legal Evidence $ and the said Award or Instrument* and the several Allotments, Partitions, Regulations, Agreements, Exchanges, Orders, Directions, Determinations, and all other Matters and Things therein mentioned and contained, mall, to all Intents and Purposes, be binding and conclusive, except where some Provision to the contrary is herein or shall be by any such Act contained, unto and upon the said Proprietors, and all Parties and Person9 concerned or interested in the fame, or in any of the Lands, Grounds, or rremifes aforesaid; and also that the said respective Commissioners, if they think it necessary, shall form or draw, or cause to be formed and drawn, on Parchment or Vellum, such Maps or Plans of the said Lands and Grounds, the better to describe the several new Allotments or Divisions to be made, and Premises that shall be exchanged by virtue of this Act, and which shall express the Quantity of each Allotment in Acres, Roods, and Perches, together with the Names of the respective Proprietors at the Time of such Division and Allotment; which said Maps and Plans shall be annexed to and innoUed with the said respective Award, and shall be deemed and con ft rued in every respect as and for Part of the said Award.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That such Commissioner or Commissioners shall; and he or they is and are hereby required to enter in a Book to be provided for that Purpose, a particular Account of all Sums of Money whatever received from the Proprietors or others during the Progress of the Inclosure; and also of all the Charges, Expences, and Disbursements which shall accrue or be made by virtue of any such Act, and in carrying the same into Execution; which Book of Accounts shall be kept at the Office of their Clerk, open at all seasonable Times during the Progress of the Inclosure, and till all the Accounts are finally settled, for the Inspection of any of the Proprietors, without Fee or Reward; and in case any such Commissioner or Commissioners, or his or their Clerk, shall neglect to provide and keep such Book of Accounts as aforesaid, or rtftifo the Inspection thereof to any of the Proprietors at seasonable Times in Manner before-mentioned, and shall be convicted thereof, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses not interested in the intended Division and Inclosure, before any Justice of the Peace of the County in which the Lands or Grounds to be inclosed shall be situate, or of such other County or Place where such Commissioner or Clerk fa offending shall he or reside, every such Commissioner or Clerk so causing such Neglect or Refusal, and conrifted act aforesaid', shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds nor less than five Pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied in the same Manner as other Penalties are by this Act directed to be levied* recovered, and applied.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies to be raised under and by virtue of the Pbwers contained in any such Act, shall, from Time to Time, as often as the same shall amount to the Sum of fifty Pounds, be paid to and deposited'in the Hands of some Banker, or such Person or Persons as shall be approved by a Majority in Value of the Proprietors who may be present at the lirft Meeting of such Commissioner or Commissioners; and in the Notice of which Meeting shall be expressed the Intention of then appointing such Banker, or such other Person or Persons; and no such Monies deposited or paid into the Hands of such Banker, or other Person or Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be issued or paid by him or them, without an Order in Writing under the Hands of such Commissioner or Commissioners, specifying the Person or Persons to whom the same are respecthielr payable, and the Service or Consideration for which the same are due; and the Balance, if any, upon the final Settlement of Accounts, shall be immediately repaid to the Land Owner* in Proportion to the Stuns respectively paid by them.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Rector or Vicar for the Time being of any Parish wherein the Lands and Grounds intended to be inclosed shall be situate, by Indenture or Indentures, under his Hand and Seal, with the Consent and Approbation of the Bishop of the Diocese, and of the-Patron of the said Rectory or Vicarage, to lease or demise all or any Bart or Parts of the Allotment or Allotments to be set oiit and allotted to any such Rector or Vicar, by virtue of any such Act, so any Person qIt Persons whomsoever, for any Term not exceeding twenty-one Years, to commence withhi twelve C^l^ndar-Months next after the executing the Award; so that the Rent or Rents for the same shall be thereby reserved to the Rector or Vicar for the Time bring, by four equal Quarterly Payments in every Year; and fb that there-be thereby also reserved and made payable to such Rector or Vicar, the bell and raoft improved Rent or Rents that can reasonably be had or gotten for the fame, without taking any Fine, Foregift, Premium, Sum of Money, or other Consideration, for the making or granting any such Lease or Denjife f and so that na fuel^. Lesseeby any such Lease or Demise he made difpunishable for Waste, by any exprefe Words to be therein contained; and so that there be inserted in every such Lease, Power of Re-entry on Non-payment of the Rent or Rent9 to be thereby reserved, within a reasonable Time to be therein limited, after the feme ftiaff become due f and so that a Counterpart of such Lease be duly executed by the Lessee or Lefties to whom Such Lease shall be so made as aforesaid; and every such Lease shall be valid and effectuaT^ any Law Or Use£e to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures impofjed by this or any stich Act* or which shall be imposed by such Commissioner or Commissioners under or by virtue of the Authority of this or any such Act, shall be levied and recovered before any one Justice of the Peace for the County in which thp Lands or Grounds to be inclosed shall be situate, and residing near any such Parish and not interested in tli* Matftr in Question; for which Purpose it shall be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace, upon Complaint made to him, to summon the Patty accused, and the Witnesses on both Sides \ and upon the*Appearance or Contempt of the Party accused* to examine such Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath an^ fiichjtiraee is hereby

A.D. 18ar. 41- GEORGII III. (U.K.) C. ro5.

empowered to admtmfle*), and upon such Evidence to give Judgment accordingly, and to condemn the Party, accused (Proof of the Accusation being made by one or more Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid) in such Pe^ Baltics and Forfeitures as the Offenders shall have incurred, and to levy such Penalties and Forfeitures by Difo trek and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, together with reasonable Costs; all which Penalties and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not particularly directed by any such Ad or this Act, shall, when and so foen as the same shall be levied, be paid and applied to and for such Uses, Intents, or Purposes, as such Commissioner or Commissioners, in and by any Writing or Writings under his or their Hands, or in and by his or their Award, shall order, direct, or appoint.

XL. And be it further enacted and declared* That nothing in such Ad contained shall lessen, prejudice, or defeat the Right, Title, or Interest of any Lord or Lady of any Manor or Lordship, or reputed Manor or Lordship, within the Jurisdiction or Limits whereof the Lands and Grounds thereby directed to be divided and allotted are situate, lying, and being, of, inr or to the Seigniories, Rights, and Royalties incident or belonging to such Manor or Lordship, or reputed Manor or Lordship, or to the Lord or Lady thereof, or to any Person or Persons claiming under him or her, but the same (other than and except the Interest and other Property a^s is or are meant or intended to be barred by such Ad) shall remain, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, t6 all Intents and Purposes, as he or she might or ought to have held or enjoyed such Rights before the pafEng of such Ad, ot in case the same had never been made.

XLI. Saving always to the King's most Excellent Majest'y, his Heirs and Successors* and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick.and Corporate, and his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Admiuiftratori, all such Ellate, Right, Title, and Interest, (other than and except such-as are hereby, intended to be barred, destroyedLor extinguished) as they, every, or any of them, had or enjoyed of, in, to, or out of, or in respect of the said Lands, Grounds, and Premises so directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or exchanged as aforesaid, before the passing of such Ad, or could or might have had or enjoyed in case the % same had never been made.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any-two or more Justices of the Peace to take Affidavits on Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation such Justices are hereby authorized and empowered to administer) of the Notices required for such Bills having been given, of the Consents of the Parties interested therein, of the Allegations contained in the Preambles of such Bills, and of the Quantity of the Land to be inclosed $ and that such Affidavits shall respediVcly be in the Forms contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, as near as the Circumstances of the Case will admit; and that such Affidavits shall not be subject or liable to any Stamp Duties whatsoever.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, in any Examination, Affidavit, Demolition, qr Affirmation, to be had.01 taken in pursuance of this Act, before such Justice or Justices, or such Commissioner or Commissioner, knowingly and wilfully fwea^ or affirm any Matter or Thing which shall be. false or untrue, every such Person so offending shall, on Conviction thereof, be deetaed guilty of Perjury, and shall suffer the like Paina and Penalties as Persons guilty of wilful and cprrupt Perjury are now subject and liable

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, all and every the Powers, Authorities, Diredipns, 3*n<f Provisions in this Act contained, shall be only^so far effectice and binding in each particular Case, as they of any of them shall not be otherwise provided and enacted inpny such Ad hereafter to be passed as aforesaid.

SCHEDULE to which the ACT refers.

(A),

FORM of AFFIDAVIT of NOTICES.

A» R oP maketh Oath and faith, [or, being one of the People called Quakers,

apon his solemn Affirmation, faith] That he did fee a Copy of the Notice hereunto annexed affixed on the Church Door of the Parish of

in the County of

[or, on the ] on

in the County of

finreral Church Doors of the respective Parishes of

or, in the several Counties, of and the several Sunday* herein after mentioned; videlicet [Specifying the Day* on which the Notice* were affixed

Signed A* B<

Sworn, [or, folfcmnly affirmed] before us, two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the and subscribed in our Presence, by the above named A. B*. this Day of in the

Xcar As Witness our Hands and Seals#

CB.)

FORM of AFFIDAVIT of CONSENT.

A* B. of maketh Oath and faith, [or, being'one of the People called Quakers,

wpoa his or her solemn Affirmation, faith] That he [or she] believes himself [or herself ] to be interested in the proposed Inclosure of the in the

\herc describe the Place, whether Pars>9 Hamlet, or PlaceJ in the County of by virtue

of

331

and applied according to Direction of Commissionera.

Saving of the Rights of Lords, of Manors.

General Saving.

Two Justice*. may take Affidavits of the Notices required having l>een given, &c. in the Forms in the Schedule, without Stamps. Persons for-swearing themselves shall be deemed guilty of Perjury.

How far this A a shall be hinding.

222

C. ing. 41° GEORGII III. ( .). A.D. 1801.

of [here set forth the Interest of the Deponent]; [or! that he [or (he] believes that C.D. of for whom he [or {he] is Guardian [et cetera., at the Case may be"] is interested, et cetera; and that he [or (he] hath fecn a Copy of an Act [herefetforth the Title of this Adf\ and also a| Copy of the Bill intended to be presented to Parliament, and hath klbscribed his [or her] Name or hath set his [or her] Mark to ^he same respectively, and doth coafent to the said Bill being passed into a Law.

Signed or marked A.B.

Sworn [or9 solemnly affirmed] before ns, two of his Majesty's

Justices of the Peace, a&ingin and for the

and subscribed in our Presence, 3>y the above mentioned A.B. v

this Day of in the Year

As Witness our Hands and Seals.

The same Form may be applied, mutatit mutandis, to the Case of several Persong whose Interests are joint, or whose Interests, though difiinft, are of a similar Nature.

(C.)

FORM of AFFIDAVIT of ALLEGATIONS of the BILL.

A.B. of maketh Oath and faith, [or, being one of the People called Quakers, upon his

or her solemn Affirmation, feithl That [here set forth such of the several Pads alledged in the Preamble of the Bid

as are within the Knowledge of the Witness1, or, that he [or (he] is informed and verily believes that [here set

forth such of the feud Fa8s as are within the BcTief of the Witness.]

Signed A.B.

Sworn, [or, solemnly affirmed] before us, two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the and subscribed in our Presence, by the above named A. B* this Day of in the Year

As Witness our Hands and Seals.

(D)

FORM of AFFIDAVIT of ADMEASUREMENT.

A. 5. of maketh Oath and faith, [or, being one of the People called Quakers,

upon his solemn Affirmation, faithj] That he has surveyed and admeasured the ieveraf Lands in the

Parish or Hamlet of in the County of .[or. Counties of*] described in

the Bill intended to be presented to Parliament, and signed by the Deponent, by the Name or Names] of and that the Quantity of such Lands amounts to and no more, according to fudh Admeasurement, and the bed of this Deponent's Judgment. j* B>

Sworn [or, solemnly affirmed] before us, two of his Majesty's 1 '

Justices of the Peace acting in and for the and subscribed in our Presence by the above named A.B. this

Day of in the Year \'\'

As Witness our Hands and Seals.

' L

A.D. 1801.

410 GEORGII UL (U.K.)

C.i.--ix,

223

PUBLICK LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

Jf. B* — Tie Commencement or Continuance of the en/idng ABt will be known by referring to the following: Lift according to the correfyonding Letter in the Title of any ABi — Where no Term of Coktitm — once if mentioned\ the AS is perpetual

(a) From the huffing of the AO.

{h\ For 21 Year* lac* [i* e. to the Ended the then next Session] from the puffing of the Act*

(n For 21 Years, lie* after the End the Term under former Acts*

M From a Day named in the Act*

(#) For 21 Years, lie* from a Dory named*

Cap. i.

A N A & for controlling for twenty-one Tears (a)* and from thence to the End of the then' next Session of /X Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the twenty-hxth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the eleventh Year of the RJeigp of his present Ma* iefty, foe repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Tadcester* through CMngbam* Harewood* Arth-mgton, and Pool* to the Town of Otley* in the West Riding of the County of TorJL.

[24th March 1801.]

[*6 O. ft. c. 64. ix G. 3 C. 64.J

Cap. ii*.

An Act to condone for twenty-one Years (a), and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Paring [31 G. 2. c. 4*. meat, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of two Ada, passed in the thhty-Jccond Year of the >9 G- 3* c-7 ] Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the nineteenth-Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Chcfierfeld to the Turnpike RoaxL at Herndons Lane Head* and foreral other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, all in the County of Derby*.

[24th March 1801.]

Cap. Hi.

An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Aberdeemflnre Canal Navigation to complete the rsec 0. t. lime. C»4th JY*wTi8oi.] c. 68.]

[72s further Sam of lo^ooL allowed to be reefed for completing the Canal.]

Cap. iv*.

An Act for continuing (t) and amending an Act, passed in the thirty-feconcT Year of the Reign of his present [32G. 3. C. 118.] for repairing the Road from Bmvnghbridjge in the County of York, to the City of Durham* and for more efednaDy repairing the find Road* [24th March 1801.]

Cap. v.

An Act for amending, widening, and repairing fereral Roads in the County of Carmarthen, [ad April 1801.]

[5/o/. 32 G. 3* c. 56. extended to other Roads described.J

Cap. vi*

An Act for continuing (c) the Termr aadrendering more effectual, two Acts, made in the focond and eleventh [* 0.3. c. 75. Years of the Reign oif his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the 11 3* S80

North End of Baltmgdou Bridge, m Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, to the South Gate In Bury Saint Edmunds, in the fosd County: and atfo for repairing and widening the High Road leading born the Place where the said South Gate formerly flood, to the Place where the North Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds for* meriy Rood* [id April 1801.]

Cap. vii*

An Act for enlarging, improving, and regulating, the Cattle Market, within the City and County of the City of Canterbury*[ad April 1801.]

Cap. viii.

An Act for making and maintaining a convenient Carriage Road from the Bothy Turnpike Road, on Curdridge Common* in the Piarifo of Bishops Waltham* to join the Gosport Turnpike Road, at or near FihnerbiN* in the Ptrish of Wefmeon, with a Branch from the said Road, on Corhampton Down* to the Village of Corhampton* aft in the County of Southampton (b)* [2d April 1801.]

Cap. in*

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Year % (d) and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, [18 0.1. c. 57. the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign 0.3. c. 100.] of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Epsom* through Ewell, to Tooting \ and from Ewell to Kingston-apon- Thames and Thames Dttton, in the County of Surrey; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at Ewell, acrou Ewell Common Fields, to the B/fgate Turnpike Road on Borough Heath* in the said County* [2d April 1801.]

6, Cap.

2 24-

4* GEORGII III. (U. K\) A.WiX&ik

59.

11 G. 3. c. 86.

[31 G. 1. c. 40. 19G, 3. c. 100.]

[t G. y*. 37. sG., 3. c. 51. »o G. 3. c. 62.]

[27G. a. c. 23.]

ii G. 3. c. 91.

Private A<3,

Car. I. c. 4. reriting that tf>e Castle, Honour, and Manor of Arundel, 3cc. should he settled On Thomas Earl of Arundel and Surrey, &c.

Cap.

An Act for continuing (& ^d^un^nding^two Acts, Severally, passed in the thii^-thixdL.Yeaur Reign of his late Majesty King (barge the Second, and in thd twenty-first Year of thclReigm of Ilk it/ Majesty, for repairing and improving several Roads leading to the Borough of Launceston, in the County of Cornwall,

and aLfo for extending the rrQvifioas of the feicLAfts to the Road leading from the West, Gate* under Mad*> [ford, in1 the Borough of Launcgflon aforesaid, by Docacre^ to the North Gate^ in the same Borough.*

-'..[2d April 1801.]

Cap. xu*'

An Act for altering, widening, and repairing the Road leading from the Town and Port of Dover to thd Town and Port of Sifndwicht.xhrough the Parish of Walderjhare, and also the Road from the present Turnpike Road leading from Dover to Barham Downs, up Kerfitey Court Hill, to the ParittT'of iVb'ttficid otherwise Beausfield, in the County of Kent (*). [fdv^rj/H8oi.]

Cap. xii.' -'

An Act to continue for twenty-one Yeats (a), and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two* Acts, passed in the thirty-fecopd Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, ' and in the nineteenth Year of the lceign of his present Majesty, Ar repairing fevettd Roads leading to the Town of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, and other R<Su»

" therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the said Roads leading to the fhftl Town.

[2d /ipril i8ou]

J Cap. xiii.

An Act to continue (b) the Term, and alter and amend the Powers of three Acts, passed in the first, second,

j 'and twentieth'Years of the Reign of his present Majesty King Ceorgrthn Third, foe'amending, widening^..and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Fisherton Bridge* to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby*Hedge*

va West Knoyle, and fe /eral other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Wilts, [2d AprU 1801.]

Cap. xiv.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years (</), and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Peterborough, through Oundle and Thrapfon* - o? Northampton, and for repairing and widening several other Roads near

to Wellingborough, in the County of or adjoining thereto.

[2d April 1801.]

Cap. xv.

An Act for enlarging the Powers or Authorities.giren by an Act, passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of Jiis prefei\t Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Enfranchisement of of and Customary Lands, Parcel of the Manor of Arundel, and other Manors entailed by the Act of Parliament of the third of Charles the Firf, and for the Safe of Tythes also entailed by the said Act, in order to facilitate the Sale of the Tythes therein - mentioned. - [2d April 1801.]

WHEREAS, by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King Charles the First, intituled, An Act concerning the Title, Name, and Dignity of Earl of*Arundel, and for annexing of the Castle, Honour, Manors, and Lorafldp* of Arundel,1 the County of Suffc*,

with the Titles and Dignities of the Baronies of Fit a-Allen, Clun Oswaldftree, and Maltravers, and with droerr.4 other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments hfriito-after in this Act mentioned, being now Parcel of the Poss^ffwns of Thomas Earl of Arundel and Surrey, Earl Marshal of England, to the same Tide, Name, and Dighky of Earl of Arundel, it was enacted (among other Things), that tWfeid Cattle, Honour, and <Lordship of Arundel*

and the Borough and Manor of Arundel aforesaid, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereof,

and the Rectories of Arundel and Rujlington, and several other Manors, Rectories, Lands, Tenements, Messuages, and other Hereditaments, situate in the said County of Sussex and the Rectories of North and South*Hating, in the County of Southampton, and several other Hereditaments in the said County therein particularly mentioned, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereof, should for ever, byvittue of the said.

Act, be and remain estated, conveyed, allured, limited, and settled to Thomas Earl of Arundel and Surrey*

and the Heirs Nfale of his Body lawfully begotten, and to be begotten 3 and, Cor Default of such Jftuft to the Heirs of the Body of the said Earl, lawfully begotten or to be begotten; and for Default of such I flue,

4 to the Right Honourable the Lord William Howard, Uncle of the said Earl, and Son of the Right Noble Prince Thomas, then late Duke of Norfolk, and the Heirs Male of the.Body of the said Lord William Hovuprif<*

lawfully begotten and to be begotten; and, for Default of such Issue, to the Heirs of the Body of the said Lord William Howard lawfully begotten; and, for Default of such Issue, to the said Thomas Earl Aruncfrl and Surrey, and his Heirs for ever; And it was further enacted, That neither the said Thomas Earl of Arundel mnd Surrey, nor any of the Heirs Male or other Heirs of his Bodyv nor any other Person or Persons,

his or their Heirs Male of hk or their Bodies issuing, to whom any Estate of*inheritance, of or in the Premisei^,

4 or any Part thereof, should come, defeend, or accrue, by force or means of the said Act, should thereafteralien, give, grant, bargain, and fell, or otherwise convey away any of the said Castles, Jionours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any other the Premises, or any Part thereof, or any other Thing 4 do, which should or might be to the £)isherifon of the Heirs inheritable by force of the said Act, or of

1*of

225

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.)

c of them in the Remainder as aforesaid, respectively, or whereby any of them should be barred or put from*Entry into the Premises:

c' Recital of Private Act, 37 G. 3, c. 40. by which, after Hating that Charles Duke of Norfolk, heredi-

tary Earl Marshal of England was Heir Male of the said Earl of Arundel and Surrey, and entitled as lay* u Impropriator to pertain Tythes belonging to the Redories of Arundel, Rufington, and North and South/ u Haling, it was enacted, that he should have Power to dispose of the said Tythes to the Owners of u the Lands, and that the Proceeds should be paid into the Bank under the Regulations of 12 G. 1. c. 32. u and 12 G. 2. c. 24. to be invested in the Purchase of Lands which should be conveyed to the Uses limited in u the said Statute, 3 Car. 1. c. 4. Recital that the said Owners had declined to purchase the said Tythes.*The u said Duke of Norfolk is empowered to fell the said Tythes to any Persons whatever. J* I. Money arising by

[Publick Act.]

such Sale to be applied according to the Directions of said Statute, 37 G. 3. — §2. Purchase Money may be u received in Part, and the residue secured by Mortgage. §3. Expences of obtaining the recited Act of 37 g< G. 3. and this Act, to be settled by the Court of Chancery. §4. General Saving. §5. §6."

Cap. xvi.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years (a), and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Hand and Poll in Uptorl Field, in the Parish of Burford, in the County of Oxford, to a Place in the Parish of Preston, in the County of Gloucester, called Dancy*s Fancy.*[ 18th April 1801.]

Cap. xvii.

An Act for levying Conversion Money in Lieu of Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating, making, and repairing the High Roads in the County of Selkirk.

[30th April 180l.]

Cap. xviii.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years (a) and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in repair the Road from the Croft Keys, otherw ife BrickcPs Bam, in the Parish of Corsham, in the County of Wilts, to Bath Eaflon Bridge, in the County of Somerset.

[30th April 1801.]

Cap. xix.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years (ef), and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign his late Majesty King George the Second, and the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, through Alctjler, in the said County, and Feckenham, to a Place called Bradley Brook, in the County of Worcester, and from Alcester, through Great Coughton and Crabs Cross, in the said County of.Warwick, and through Newell Lane, and Burcott, to the Cross cf Hands, on a Common called The Leekhay, and out of Newell Lane, through Church Lane and Tutnell, to Bromsgrove, in the said County of Worcester.

[30th April iSoi.J

Cap. xx.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years (d), and fftom thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and Powers of two Acts, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Carft/le, in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Sea Port Town of Work-ington, in the said County, so far as the same relate to the Road between the Town of Coehermoulh and Workington aforesaid.

[30th April 1801.]

Cap. xxi.

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preferring the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Nidling, in the County of Norfolk.

[30th April iSoi.J.

LXX. K ND be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously cut, damage, ii break down, demolish, or destroy any Bank, Mill, Engine, Dam, Floodgate, Bridge, Sluice, or Tunnel already made, or which shall at any Time hereafter be made or erected, supported, maintained, or used, for answering any of the Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending and being convicted, shall be guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for seven Years, or in Mitigation of such Punishment may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petty Larceny.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously flop, dam up, or damage any Drain, Watercourse, Dam, Bridge, Stile, or other Work or Works which shall at any Time Fererfter be making or erecting, or made or erected, supported, maintained, or used for any of the Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted before any two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, which Oath such 4iGzo.\ll.(U.K.J Gg Justices

[26 G. i. C. 70* so G. 3. c. 76.]

[30 G. i. c. 46. 19 G. 3. c. 112.]

[27 G. 2. c. 36. 21 G. 3. c. 88.3

[26 G. 2. c. 49. 19 G. 3. c. 105.3

Pitniflimrni fov

deft ro\ iru; Works, Felony, punishaMe by Seven Year* TransporLition, &c.

Persons damaging Works shall forfeit a Sum not exrccuing fifty Pound*.

lit

[Ser 34 G. J. c. 90.]

36G. 3. C. 44. 38G. 3. c. 18.

[33 0.1. e. j6. 11 G. 3. c. 91.]

fj5G.3-c. 155.I

[3t 0.1. e. <*9. 7 G. 3. c. 61.]

[nG. I.C. 6. 18 G. 2. c. 32. 31 G. 2. c. 58. 11 G. 3. c. 74. J

( 31 G. 2. c. 41. xo G. j. c. 91.

X31 G. 2. r. 50.

2 G. 3. c. 57.

5 G. 3. c. 95.

19 G. 3-c. ioi.J

C. xxi. — xxx. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 180r,

Justices are hereby authorised to administer, shall forfeit and pay spy Sum not exceeding fifty Pound*, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender* by Warrant under the Hand* and Seals of such Justices; and such Money, when so levied, shall be paid to any one or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage, or to their Clerk, and shall be applied towards the Discharge of the Expences attending the Execution of this Act; ami for Want of sufficient Distress, such Offender or Offenders mall, by the said Justices, be committed to the Common Gaol of the said County of Norfolk, for any Time not exceeding twelve Calendar Months, at the Discretion of the said Justices.

Cap. xxii.

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving the Open Fields, Marik Lands, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Burgh and Billockby, in the County of Norfolk.

[50th April 1801.]

C. 69* 1°> of thu A3 are precisely the same as $ 70, 71 ofpreceding AS.'}

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the /Cermet and Avon Canal Navigation to complete the same, and for amending the several Acts passed for making the said CanaL [21st May 1801.]

Cap. rxiv.

An Act to enlarge (e) the Term, and Powers of two Acts made in the thirty-third Yekr of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far tts relates to the Roads from Deanbum Bridge, through Greenlaw, and Part of the Jedburgh Road, by Lauder, in the County of Berwick, to Comhill, in the County of Durham, and for repairing and amending the Roads from Orange Lane to Swinton, and from Coldjheam, by Swinton Mill, to Mount Pleasant, in the said County of Berwick.

[21st May 1801.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act for enlarging (3) the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Incbbedy Bridge to Glasgow, and certain Roads branching frotn the fame, as relates to the said Road from InehbeUy Bridge to Glasgow, and to the Road branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbellj Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngnd Hill to Provan Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld.

[21st May 1801.]

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years (a), and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon.

[21st May 1801.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years (a), and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for amending, and making more effectual, four several Acts, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, in the eighteenth and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham through Warwick, to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill, in the County of Warwick, so far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Stratford Bridge, in the said County.

[21st May 1801.{J

Cap. xxviii.

An Act to continue for twenty-one Years (<7), and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Cross at Broken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the Chuhty of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Buxton, in the County of Derby; and for making and keeping in Repair, certain Branches of Road to communicate with the said Macclesfield Road.

[21st May 1801 .]J

Cap. xxix.

An Act for enlarging (r) the Term and Powers of several Acts, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reigti of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the second, fifth, and nineteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxdoivn Gate in Popham Lane, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City through Hursley, to Chandler's Ford, and from Hursley aforesaid to the Turnpike at Romsey, and from the said Turnpike Road, through Ringwood, in the County of Southampton* to Longham Bridge and Winbome Minfler, in the County of Dorset; and for amending and widening the Road from Ringwood Gate, in the said County of Southampton, to Woolsbridge, and from a Street called The Hundred, at Romsey, through Chilworth, to the River at Swathhng, in the said County.

[21st May 1801.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Parish of Sculcoates, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for rtiooving and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments and Obstructions; and for licensi

and.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. {U. K) C. xxx. xxxi.

and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, Coil Carriers, tad Water Carriers, Trucks, Carts, and other Carriages, within the said Parish. [lift. May 1801.]

Cap. xxtu

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Candl from the River Thames at or near a Place called WtU k'mfons Gum Wharf, in the Parish of Saint Mary at Rot her hit he, in the County of Surrey, to the Town of mitebam, in the rarish of Mitcham, in the said County: And also divers Collateral Cuts or Branches communicating from the same to certain Parishes and Places within the Chunties of Surrey and Kent.

[21st May 1801.]

u Proprietors incorporated by the Name of The Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal.' §1.

Proprietors empowered to raise f10, 000l. for making the Canal, by Shares of look each. §2. Shares shall be personal Eft ate. $ 3. Subscribers shall have a Vote for every Share, but none more than ten Votes. §4. u Form of Appointment of Proxies. Ibid.

Proprietors empowered to raise 30, 000b additional if necessary

44 $ 5. Power to raise Money by Mortgage; Form of Mortgage, and Transfer; Interest of Money borrowed shall be paid in Preference to Dividends. §6. Six Months Notice shall be given to the Lender, of paying off Money, j 7. Assignees not empowered to vote as Proprietors. $ 8. Yearly General Assemblies shall be on the third Tuesday in April, at a Place not more than five Miles from the Canal. $ 9. Chairman shall be* appointed, who may vote, and shall have a calling Voice. §10. Committee of five or more shall be appointed yearly by the General Assembly. $11. General Assembly may dispose of the Common Seal: make Bye Laws, wkh Penalties not exceeding 51.5 audit Accounts; and adjourn from Time lo Time. §12.

General Assemblies for choosing Committees shall consist of one hundred and ten Shares. §13. Assembly of Proprietors may at any Time be specially convened, on requisition of five Proprietors, or more, collectively possessed of ten Shares. §14. General Assembly shall elect and appoint Officers, and take Security from* them: Duty of the Clerk. §15. Officers, &c. shall account. §16. Committee shall choose a Chairman*

who shall have a calling Vote. Not less than five shall do Business. Power of the Committee. §17. Committee (kali make Calls of uA.per Cent, at two Months' distance from each other. §18. Shares forfeited on Non-payment of Calls, but no Advantage shall be taken without personal Notice. $ 19. Executors of Sub- (bribers may complete their Subscription. j. 20. Shares may be sold. Form of Conveyance, which shall be entered tu the Company's Books. §21. After a Call no Share shall be sold until such Call is paid. §22.

Evidence of Acquisition of Shares by Marriage, or by Will, or in course of Administration, shall be entered!

44 in the Company's Books. $ 23. Names of Proprietors shall be entered, and Certificates of their Shares delivered to them, f 24. The Company authorized and empowered to make and maintain a Canal navigable u for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from or out of the River Thames, at or near a certain Place called Wilkinson s Gun Wharf\ in the Parish of Saint Mary at Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, to or near a.

certain Place called Woodpecker's Lane, in the Parish of Saint Nicholas, Deptford, in the County of Kent, and from thence to, near, or through the several Parishes, Town ships, Hamlets, and Places of Scant Giles Can*

Sermsed, Walworth, Saint Mary Lambeth, Kensington Common, Stockwed, Clapham, Balaam, alias Balham,

Streatham, Upper Tooting, Lower Tooting, alias Tooting Graveney, to the Town of Mitcham, in the Parish of Mitebam, all in the County of Surrey; and also to make and maintain divers Collateral Cuts, and Branches* navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from and through the following Places; that is to say, from the said Canal, near to his Majesty's Victualling Office, into his Majesty's Dock Yards and Victualling Of- fices in the said County of Kent, and from Woodpecker's Lar\e to Butt Lane, in the Parishes of Saint Pant Deptford, in the said County of Surrey, and Saint Nicholas Deptford, in the said County of Kent, and to Peek bam, in the Parish of Saint Giles Camberwell, in tht said County of Surrey, and from and through the said Parish of Saint Giles Camberwell, to Horsemonger Lane, in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, in the, .* (hid County of Surrey, and from Kensington Common, in the said County of Surrey, to enter ana communi- cate with the River Thames, at or near a certain Place called Cumberland Gardens, at Vauxhall, in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, in the said County of Surrey: Proviso, — That the said Company shall not take Water from the River Thames at any Place higher up the said River than Mortlake in the County of Surrey s 44 Proviso, nevertheless. That the said Company of Proprietors may execute or perform any of their Works in or upon any of the Lands or Grounds of certain Persons named, adjoining to the Line of the said intended Canal, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners and Proprietors of such Lands or Grounds for the Time being respectively. $ 2$. The Company authorized to make navigable Cuts and Towing-Paths from any Part of their Canal, first baving the Consent of the Owners of Lanas through which the same are to be made, f 26. For protecting the Waters of the River Wandle. §26, 17, 28. Power to make Rollers nr inclined Planes, ic. j 29. Houses, Gardens, &c. shall not be injured, except in certain specified in- stances. f 30. Canal mad Towing Path shall not exceed thirty-three Yards in Breadth, except for the making Docks, Warehouses, See. §31, Power to make a Collateral Cut, near Deptford, into Greenland Dock.

44 f 32. If any Road destroyed a new one shall be made. $ 33. Three Parts of the Plan and Book ot Reference ftuul be authenticated by the Speaker of the House of Commons, and deposited with the Clerks of the Peace for Surrey and Kent, and with the Company's Clerk, f 34. Company shall not deviate from in the Plaa without Content of all Proprietors of Lands cut through. $ 35. Land-Owners omitted, 8tc. in the Book of Reference shall not obstruct the making of the Canal, f 36. Persons and Corporations, Truf- tees* Jfcc. empowered to fell, on Compensation to be ascertained, if requisite, by a Jury. §37 — 43. Notices of Injury fuflamed shall be given to the Conpany within six Months $ 43. Satisfaction for Tithes shall be calculated on Average of six Years. §44. In Verdicts the Value of the Lands and Damages, shall be afeer- tained separately. $ 45. Verdicts shall be recorded. §46. Company may enter and take Possession of 44 JLaoda, sic. on Payment or Tender of Purchase or Mortgage Money. $ 47, 48. Application of Compen-

G g 2 44 fation.

w 0

227

C. xxxi. xxxii. 41 G£C)RGII III. (U.K.) A.D. iSor.

*' fation. §49 — 51. Company empowered to let or re-fell Lands, giving the Option of Sale to the Person of 14 whom they bought, £ 52. Damages not provided for by the Act shall be settled by the Committee ora 14 Jury. §53. The Company empowered to receive certain Rates and Tolls, j 54. Regulations respecting Vessels passing Outlets or Locks communicating with the Thames. §55. Or passing any inclined Plane. §56.

Rates or Tolls for entering the Basons. $ 57. Proportion of a Mile to be taken as a Mile.' Recovery of Rates and Tolls. Rates and Tolls may be altered, f 5S. Mailers of Boats shall give an Account of their Lading. §59. What Quantity of Timber and Light Goods shall be deemed a Ton. In case of Difference concerning the Weight, Collector may weigh them. §60. Power to fix the Price of Parcels not exceeding five Cwt. {61. Navigation shall be free upon Payment of Rates, under certain Restrictions. Provided,

That Vessels shall not, without the Consent of the Company or Committee, pass at any other Times than between five in the Morning and ten in the Evening during November, December, January, and February;

between four in the Morning and twelve in the Evening during March, April, September, and October, and between four in the Morning and twelve in the Evening during the Months of May, June, July, and August in every Year. §62. Company may receive for Goods remaining upon their Wharfs above twenty-four Hours, such Sums as may be agreed on. §63. Regulations for Vessels in the Basons. §64. Regulations as to making Drains, fencing Towing Paths, making Bridges, repairing Works, and cleansing Water-courses.

44 §65 — 70. Boats shall be regill ere d in the Company's Books, and the Owner's Name painted thereon. §71.

Mailers and Owners of Vessels shall be answerable for Damages. $ 72, 73. Places shall be made for Boats to turn or lie in, for other Boats to pass. Vessels obstructing the Navigation shall be removed, and Vessels sunk shall be weighed up. §74. Canal and Collateral Cuts shall not be obflru<$ed. Locks shall not be left open

And if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Navigation, break,

14 throw down, damage, or destroy any Banks or other Works to be erected and made by virtue of this Act,

every such Person mall be judged guilty of Felony; and every such Person so offending, and being thereof u lawfully convicted, shall be subject to the like Punishment and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court,

44 by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such*

Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this"

Realm; or, in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may award such Sentence as the Law directs in " Cases of petty Larceny. $ 75. Regulations for passing the Locks. §76. Lock and Inclined Plane-keepers shall not give Preference. §77. Canal and Collateral Cuts shall not be under the Power of Commissioners of Sewers. §78. Saving the Rights of the City of London as Conservators of the Thames. §79. The Sum of 44 2l. 2s. shall be paid to the City of London as a Fine, for cutting into the Thames at Wiliinfon's Gun Wharf, and*

Vauxhall; and an annual Rent of 60l. as a Compensation for the Diminution of their Tolls, under 17 G. 5.

44 c. 18. But the Company may not enter on the Lands of Sir John Mitfovd, in Streatham and Mitcham,

without his Consent. £ 80, 81. For preventing Obflru£lion to the free Navigation of the Canal, &c. §82, 83.

Company's Agents may enter Lands or Mines to view the Works. $ 84. Subscribers compelled to pay their Subscriptions. §85. Fines and Forfeitures leviable on Conviction, before one Justice or more, by Dif- tress and Sale. §86 — 88. Appeal to the Quarter Sessions. No Certiorari. §89. Limitation of Actionr against Persons ailing under this Act six Months; shall be brought in the proper County. Treble Costs. $ 90*

[Publick Act.]

§ 91."

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for enabling Charlottes Bethcll Widow, to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the River Hullk at a Point in the rarish of Leven, near the Boundary between Ejie and Leven Carrs, in the East Riding of, the County of York, to Leven Bridge in the said Riding.

[21st May 1801.]

WHEREAS the making and maintaining of a Navigable Canal from the River Hull, in the Eall RidingW of the County of York, to Leven Bridge, near the Town of Leven, in the said Riding, would not only open a Communication for the more commodious Conveyance of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, between the said Town of Leven and the Port of Kingston-upon-Hull, but would also tend to the Improvement of the Agriculture of the Country, by rendering the Carriage of Lime and Manilte more easy and conve- nient, and would in other Respects be of publick Utility: And whereas Charlotta Bethell of Rife, in the County of York, Widow, is seised or possessed of the Lands and Grounds through which the said Canal is*

proposed to be made, and is willing and desirous to make and complete such Canal s And whereas Part of the said Lands and Grounds are of, and held of the Manor of Leven, of which Manor the said Charlotta Bethell is the Lady, and in order to the facilitating of such intended Undertaking, (he hath purchased the of Interest in such Part of the said Lands and Grounds, and the fame, (coniifting of about ten Acres, Jr 4 have been surrendered to the Use of her and her Heirs, whereby the of Interests therein have been extinguished; and Ihe the said Charlotta Bethell is willing to be at the Expence of making and completingsuch Navigable Canal: But inasmuch as the same cannot be done without the Authority of Parliament; may it therefore pleaCe your Majesty that it may be enacted, ' &c.

Mrs. Bethell and the Proprietors of the said Lands empowered to make a Canal. 1. The said Copyholds purchased by Mrs. Bethell shall cease to be demifable by Copy of Court Roll, and so much as may not be used for the Navigation shall be vested in her in Fee. §2. Breadth of Canal and Towing Paths shall not exceed forty-six Yards: or in certain Cases fifty-two Yards. §3. Canal shall be made pursuant to the Plan left with the Clerk of the Peace for Torhshire E. R. §4. shall not be subject to the Laws of Sewers. §5. Appointment, &c. of Engineers, f 6 — 8. Mrs. Bethell, 6c c. shall defray the Expence of the Engineers, and 14 not deviate from their Determination, without Consent of Trustees of the Holderness Drainage, under Stats* 44 4 G. 3. c. 47. 6c 6 G. 3. c. 74. §9. Power to the Surveyor of the Holderness Drainage to inspect the Works of Navigation, &c. §10. Mrs. Bethell, &c. shall indemnify the Trustees and Proprietors of the Holdemejs v 44 Drainage

Penalty on Performs damaging or deProying Works, Felony, or payment of Double Darn. ge*.

A.D. 1801. 410 GEORGII HE ( .) Cxxxii. — xxxiii. 229

Drainage against any Injury to arise from making, See. the Canal. $11. Rates'of Tonnage, and Recovery of Rates, J 12. For Goods remaining upon a Wharf above twenty-four Hours, such further Sum as may be*

agreed for. §13. Proprietors for the Time being empowered to lease the Rates. §14. What Quantities of*

Timber and Goods shall be deemed a Ton, and settling Disputes as to Toll; j 16."

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully, maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the? said Navigation, break, throw down, damage, or destroy any of the Banks or other Works to be erected and* made by virtue of this Act, or do any other wilful Hurt or Mischief to obstruct, hinder, or prevent the carrying* on, completing, supporting, and maintaining the fame, every Person offending, and being thereof lawfully con-vifled, #shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony, and the Court by and* before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws or Statutes of this Realm; or in Mits gation of such Punishment, such Courts may, if they shall think lit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny; or otherwise every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted on the Oath of one credible Witness, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, shall forfeit any Sum not less than Double the Value of the Damage proved on Oath to be done, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices.

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Town of Wandsworth to the Town of Crdydcrt; with a Collateral Branch into the Parish of Carshalton, and a Navigable Communication between the River Thames and the said Railway at Wandsworth, all in the County of Surrey.

[21st May 1801.]

WHEREAS making and maintaining a Railway for the Passage of Waggons and other Carriages)

from or from near a Place called Ram Field in the Parish of Wandsworth, to or hear to a Place called

+ Pitlake Meadow in the Town of Croydon, and a Collateral Branch from the said Railway, from or from ntar Mitcham Common, to or near to a Place called Had Bridge in the Parish of Carshalton, and the making a Dockor Bason for Barges and other Vessels, with a Lock, Cuts, and other Works, from the said Railway, at or near Ram Field aforesaid, into Wandsworth Creeks and thereby to communicate with the River Thames in the said Parish of Wandsworth, all in the County of Surrey, will be of very great Advantage to several considerable Manufactories established in the Neighbourhood, and to the Inhabitants of many Towns and Places, and of a 4 very populous Country, lying on or near to the Line of the said intended Railway, by opening a cheap and eaiy Communication for the Conveyance of Coals, Corn, and all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to and from the Metropolis and other Places: And whereas the several Pe/fons herein after named are desirous, at their own Costs and Charges, to make and maintain the said intended Railway, and Dock or Bason, and other Works; but cannot effect the same without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, See.9

u Proprietors incorporated by the Name of The Surrey Iron Railway Company, and empowered to make*

complete, and maintain, and from Time to Time to alter a Railway, to be called The Surrey Iron Railway, 1 u passable for Waggons and other Carriages, from or from near a Place called Ram Field, in the Parish of Waruif worth in the County of Surrey, to or near a Place called Pitlake Meadow, in the Town of Croydon in the Parish <4 of Croydon, through the said Parish of Wandsworth*and into and through the Hamlet of Garratt in the same u Parish, and the Parities of Streatham, Tooting, Wimllcdon, Merton, Mitcham, Beddington, and Croydon, and i4 the Hamlet of Waddon in the said Parish of Croydon; and also a Collateral Branch from the said Railway,

from or from near Mitcham Common, in the said Parish of Mitcham, into and through the Hamlet of Wallington in the Parish of Beddington, to or near to a Place called Hack Bridge, in the said Hamlet of Wallington, or in the Parish of Carshalton; and also a Dock or Bason, with a Lock, Cuts, and other Works, for the Passage of Boats, Barges, and other Vefllls, from the said intended Railway at Ram Field aforesaid into Wandsworth Creek, thereby to communicate with the River Thames in the said Parish of Wandsworth, all in the said County of Surrey. §1. Plan and Reference to be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for Surrey and the Clerk of the County. $ 4. Breadth of the Land to be taken for the Railway shall not exceed in general twenty Yards,

not in any Case sixty. ij. 7. Copyholds may be enfranchised. §9. Commons or Waste Lands may be conveyed by the Lords of the Manors, without the Commoners. §10. Commissioners appointed for settling

Differences. §12. The Quarter Sessions empowered to nominate Commissioners to execute the Act in cam

the Survivors neglect, or a sufficient Number cannot be found in the Neighbourhood. §14. The Coippany may raise 35, 000k by Shares of look each, which shall be numbered, and deemed Personal Estate. §36.

Company may raise 15, 000k additional by Subscription or Mortgage. §39. Proof to be given of Title to Shares acquired by Marriage, or by Will, or Letters of Administration. §58. Rates of Tonnage^ §59.

Penalty on Persons-obstructing the using of the Works, 5k to 40s. 44 And if any Person shall wilfully, ma- Penalty on

lkiously, and to the Prejudice of the said Undertaking, break, throw down, damage, destroy, steal, or take Persons da- away any Part of the said Railway, Dock, or Bason, or other Works to be erected and made by virtue of this Act, or do any other wilful Hurt or Mischief to obstruct, hinder, or prevent the carrying on, completing, sup- porting, and maintaining the fame, every Person offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony, and the Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried and conyi&ed, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons arc directed to be punished by the Laws or Statutes of this Realm, or in Mitigation of p* ft such Punishment, such Courts may, if they think nt, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny; or otherwise every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted orr the Oath of one credible Witness before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Sutrcy, or the Place where such Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit any Sum not less than Double the Value of the Damage proved on Oath to be done, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justicesr such Penalty, together with

"reafoaabl#

maging, deploying, or Pealing any Part of said Railway, &c. Punishment as for Felony, -01 - ment of uble Damages, or Im- "

prisonment.

[tt G. i. c. i*. H G. 3. C. 19* repealed.]

[a8 G. J.c 14.]

[31 0.1. c. 69. ao G. 3. c. 88.J

[Former A At, 26 G. 1. c. 60, 29 G. 2. c. 92, 1? G. 3. c. 94. repealed.]

f9 G. 3. c. 83. 13 G. 3. c. 36.

£16 G. 3. c. 7*.}

T*8 G. a* c. 51.

<*c.I7)

99G. 3. c. 8a]

C. xxxiii, — xli. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

u reasonable Costs, to be levied by Distref* and Sale of the Goods and Chattelt of such Offender, rendering the u Overplus (if any) to such Offender, or such Offender shall and may be committed to the Common Ga3 for u the County of Surrey* or Place where such Offence shall happen, for any Time not exceeding six Calendar 4' Months, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted: Provided, That nothing herein contained shall extend to any Owner of Land, or his or her own Agent or Agents, till u Satisfaction shall have been tendered as hereby provided. $ 71. Saving the Rights of the City of London at €t Conservators of the Thames. $ 86. The Company shall pay to the City of London for cutting into the u Thames a Fine of il. is. and also an annual Rent of 10L as a Compensation for Diminution of their Tolls u under 17 G. 5. c. 18. — $ 87, 88."

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for more effectually draining and improving certain Fen Lands within the Manors and Parishes of Upwttt and Out well* and in the Parishes of Denver and Welney* in the I fie of Ely* and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk.

[21st May 1801.]

Cap. XXXV.

An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for more effectually draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Manor or Township of North Kyme, in the County of Lincoln.

lub May 1801.]

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act for continuing for twenty-ene Years (a), and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the thirty-focond Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening, the Roads from the South West End of Nether Bridge, in the County of JveRmonand* by Sinergh Fell Side to Levens Bridge, and from thence through the Town of Millthrop to Dixes, and from the Town of Millthrop aforesaid to Hang Bridge, and from thence to join the Heron Syke Turnpike Road at the Guide Post near Clawthrop Hall in the County aforesaid. £21st May 1801.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of New Winifor in the County of Berks, into the London Road, at or near a Bridge called High Bridge, near Longford in the County of Middlesex; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from and out of the said Road at Southley in the Parish of Date bet* to the Village of Datchet in the County of Bucks (e).

[21st May 1801.]

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Top of White Sheet Hill, in the Parish of Donhead Saint Andrew in the County of Wilts* through the Towns of Shafte/bmry* Milborne Port* and Sherborne* in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset* to the Half Way House in the Parish of Nether* otherwise Lower Compton* in the said County of Dorset* and several other Roads near the Towns of Shaflesbury and Sherborne aforesaid (e).

[21st May 1801.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in the ninth and thirteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for laying open and widening certain Ways, Passages, Streets, and Places, within the Town of Birmingham; and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages there, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; and also for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and thq 'Drivers of all Carriages, in the said Town; for laying open and widening certain other Streets and Places there \ for further regulating the Police of the said Town, and the Manner of laying out and paving new; Streets there, and for other Purposes.

[21st May 1801.]

Cap. xl.

An Act to continue for twenty-one Years [a\ and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and amend the Powers of an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and also to continue and render more effectual* an Act to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne* to make a new Road from the great Northern Road at Islington to the Ldgeware Road near Paddington, so far as the same is by the said Act sBsrded to be under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the said first-mentioned Acts; and for making a Road from the said new Road* near Queen's Row, to Bagnigge Wadi; and for watching* lighting* and watering the said Roads.

[21st May 1801.]

Cap. xli.

An Act for continuing(d)* until the End of the first Session of Parliament, which shall commence aftrt* the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, two Acts, severally passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Thirsk* over Skipton Bridge to Baldersby Gate* adjoining to Hutton Moor* and a Branch from the said Road at or near Skipton Bridge aforesaid, through Aindefby, £hitrn» how* and No/Urfield to Majharn* in the North Riding of the County of York.

[21st May 1801.]

3 Cap.

A.D. 180x.

23*

41* Georgii nr. (u.

C.xlii. — lii.

Cap. xlS.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Yean (<*), and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-Cair.erit, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of hi late Majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cirencester in the County of Gknteejhr, to CricUade in the County of Wilts; and for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from pear the Wharf at Latton in the said County of Wilts, to the Town Bridge in Crtcilade aforesaid. £2 id May 1801.]

Cap. xKii.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Year (//), and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Power of two Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of hi late Majesty King George the Second, and the twentieth Year of the Reign of hta present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Guldeford to the Directing Post near the Town of Pamhetm in the County of Surrey.

[21st May 1801.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act to continue for twenty-one Years (a), and from thence to the End of $e then next Selfton of Parlia* meat, the Term, and aker and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-fir it Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Roads from Bonington High Bridge to Hale Drove, and to the eighth Mile Stone in the Paruh of Wigioft, and to Langret Ferry in the County of Lincoln.

[21st May 1801.I

Cap. xlv.

An Act for enlarging (b) the Term and altering the Powers of two Act, one made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and repairing the Road leading from Dover to Bar* ham Downs, and from Cowgate and Archcltff Fort in Dover, through Folkestone to the Town of Hythe in the County of Kent; and for repealing so much thereof as requires the Trustee therein named to keep in Repair the several Roads leading from Archcliff Fort in Dover, to Folkestone, and from the Parish of Folkejhne to Hythe. [l1st May 1801.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Open Fields and other Land within the several Parishea of Downbam Market, Wimhotsham, and Bexwell, in the County of Norfolk.

[21st May 1801.]

Cap. xlvih

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Maidfmorion, and the Hamlet of Gawcott and Prebend-End, in the Parish of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks.

[21st May 1801.]

Cap. xMii.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, situate, lying, and being in that Part of the Parish of East Hendred, which is in the Hundred of Wantage, in the County of Berks, called West-smaufde, except such Part of the said Common Meadows a lieth in a Meadow called Fox Mead, or Ardington Mead.

[21st May 1801.]

Cap. xlix.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Dumfries to Moffat, and from Grateney, by Annan, Dumfries, and Sanquhar, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, and federal other Road in the Counties of Dumfries, and Kirkcudbright. £20th June 1801.]

Cap. 1.

An Act to amend and widen the Roads leading from Staplecross, in the Parish of Ewhurfi, to Homfcrossy in the Parish of Northtam, and from Horrfcross aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near Bricknvall House, in the Parish of Northiam, and from Homfcross aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill, in the rarish of Bcckley, and also the Road from Staplecross aforesaid to Bod'tam Bridge, in the Parish of Bodiam, and from thence through the Parishes of Bodtam aforesaid and Salehutjl, to the Turnpike Road at Silver Hill, in th slid Parish of Salehurst, all in the County of Sussex.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. li.

An Act to amend two Acts, made in the thirteenth and twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making more commodious the Harbour of the Town of Greenock, and for other Purpose mentioned in the said Acts; for watching the said Town, and better supplying the same with Water; for regulating the Fares of Coachmen, Chairmen, Porters, and Carter plying in the said Town, and of Pilot, Watermen, and Jobbers employed in the said Harbours, and on the River Clyde, and for feuing out the Glebe of the said Town.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lii.

An Act for explaining, altering, and amending, an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for deepening, cleansing, Scouring, preferring, and maintaining the Harbour of Port Glasgow, and for other Purpose mentioned in the said Act, [20th June 1801.]

Cap.

[31 G. t. c. 6r. 19 G. 3. C. 116.]

[31 O. 2. c. 78* ao G. 3. c. 96.]

[f3* G. c. 50, 18 G. 3. C. 104.]

[a6 G. a. c. 68.]

(continued by aS G. 2. c. 17.} 4 G. 3. c. 78 j

lltG.i. C.T,

29 G. 3. t. 87* repealed-]

[13 G. 3. c. 28. 29 G. 3. c. 43*3

C. liiu — -lvi

41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

Cap. liii.

An Act for more effectually improving arid maintaining the old Harbour of Ryein the County of Sussex.

[20th June i8ot.]

<* Commissionerar under 37 G. 3. c. 130. empowered to, levy certain Tonnage Duties for the Maintenance of the Harbour. { 1. His Majesty's Ships not liable to Duty. { 4. Commissioners may borrow iooool. by Mdrt-gage of Rales. §8."

Cap. liv.

' An Act for building a Pier atBheemefsy in the Isle oi* Sheppy, in the County of Kent; for ascertaining, imper-

sing, and recovering certain Duties for the supporting, maintaining, and keeping in Repair the said Pier 5 for

paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and improving the Highways, Streets, Lanes, arid other publick Passages and Places, within that Part of the Parish of Minfer, in the said Isle of Sheppy (which lieth near his Majesty's Dock Yard and Garrison of Sheerness, ) called Blue Tamm and Mile Town; and for preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein.

[2cth June 1801.]

WHEREAS the Harbour of Sheerness, in the Isle of Sheppy, in the County of Kent, is very convenient v and advantageous to tile Trade and Navigation of the NatioiVin the Preservation of Shipping in Stress

4 of Weather and in Time of War* as well as for the importing of Goods and Commodities: And whereat there is no Pier or Wharf whatever for the Landing of Goods from Ships and Vessels coming into the said Harbour, (except that which belongs to, v and is erected in his Majesty's Dock Yard at Sheerness, andirom its Situation often endangers the Safety of Vessels lying thereto, ) whereby the Inhabitants of the said Towns are greatly inconvenienced in shipping and unftiipping their Goods and Commodities, as the same is an Obstruction to the publick Duty of the Officers and Artificers of the said Dock Yard: And whereas in consequence of there being no other Wharf or Landing Place for Goods, or for Passengers having Occasion to come to the said Towns, such Passengers pass (and all Goods and Commodities belonging to the said Inhabitants are conveyed) through his Majesty's said Dock Yard, and also the Garrison of Sheerness, which causes a publick and u improper Highway or Passage to be made through such Dock Yard and Garrison, to the great Inconvenience 1 of the Inhabitants of the mid Towns, and of the Officers and Artificers of his Majesty's said Garrison and Dock Yard: And whereas there is a very eligible and suitable Plot of Ground on the Sea Beach, which is situated on the South Side of his Majesty's said Dock Yard, contiguous to the said Towns, and running into the River Medway, whereon a Pier might be built, which would be of great Benefit to the Navigation of the River: And whereas the Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places within the fail A Towns, are not paved, See .* -

u Commissioners appointed for carrying the Act into Execution with due Powers, &c. §2. 8cc. See. Particular Duties directed to be paid. §12. Duties on Imports and Exports. $ 13. Duties shall be payable according to the usual Freight or Fare. §14. Certain Rates contained in the Table or Schedule also payable* §15. 44 Commissioners may fix Rates on Articles not specified. §16. Act shall not extend to his Majesty's Ships, nor4 to Goods consigned to the Officers or Inhabitants of the Dock Yard and Garrison, and landed at the Docks, 44 &c. §18. Duty on Coals, Culm, Coke, Splint, or Cinder, imported or exported. §19. Saving of the Rights'.of the Cities of London, and Rochjler. §24, 26.

Cap. lv.

'fSee 37 G. 3. c. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of Burjledon Bridge and Roads, to raise a further Sum of Money to complete the said Bridge and Roads.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lvi.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Forest or Chase of Ncedwood, in the County of Stafford.

[20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS the King's most Excellent Majesty Is seised to Himself, his Heirs and Successors, of the .Poreft 9, 400 j y, Forest or Chase of Needwood, containing about nine thousand four hundred Acres of Land, lying crcg- within the Honour or Lordship of Tutbury, Parcel of the Estates and Possessions of the Duchy of Lancaster

in the County of Stafford, subject nevertheless to such Common of Pallurage and other Rights, as the Free-

holders and Copyholders of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, situate and being within the several Town-

ships-of Anflow, Barton-under-Needwoody Ca/lingwood, Cotony Draycotty Dunjlally Fawlde, Hamjjlal/-Rid'Zvarcy Hanbury, Hanbury-Wood End, Hoarcross, Houndhill, Marchingtony Marc hingt on- Woodlands, Moreton, Newborough with Thorney Lanes, Rolleston, Tatenhill, Tutbury, Stubby Lane, and Yoxally in the County of Stafford, ' and the Township of Scropton in the County of Derby, or the Tenants or Occupiers thereof for the Time being, are entitled unto, within and upon the said Forest or Chase, and likewise subject to the Rights of the several Persons in respect of their several Estates herein after mentioned, to certain Kinds of Eftovers within and upon the same Forest or Chase, that is to say, of the Rector and Vicar of the Parish of Hanbury for the Time being, for the Repairs of the Chancel of the Church of Hanbury, and of the Reftorial and Vicarial Houses of the said Parish; of the Reverend Jolm Arden Clerk, as Owner of Longerofi Hally with its Appurtenan.ces; of Thomas Whittaker Esquire, as Owner of Blakenhall, with its Appurtenances; and of the Honourable Elizabeth MeyneJly Widow of Hugo Meynell the Younger, Esquire, deceased, as Owner of a capital

Messuage and Lands in Hoarcross, and also as Owner of certain Mills called Woodmiils, in the said Forest or

Chafe: And whereas the said Forest or Chase is divided into and consists of fourdiftinct and separate Wards ^.or Districts, called by the respective Names of Tutbury Wardy, Marckwgtsm, Wardj. Xoxall Ward'y pud Barton

6 4 Ward>

A.D. 180t. 41° GEORGII III. C.lvi. 333

Ward, the respective Boundaries whereof tre in general ascertained by certain Marks or Meers, and are for the f most Part well known: And whereas the said Four several Wards of the said Forest or Chase respectively lie,

or are reputed to lie, within the several Parishes following, (that is to say, ) Tutbury Ward within the Parish of Tutbury, Marchington Ward within the Parish of Hanbury, Yoxall Ward within the Parish of Tax all, and Bar\

tan Ward within the Parish of Tatenhill, all which said Parishes are within the County of Stafford: And whereas the Most Noble William Duke of Devonshire is Rc&or Impropriate of the said Parish of Tutbury, and

Owner of all Re&orial Tythes arising within the same Parish, and is also Patron of the Vicarage of Tutbury aforesaid, and Joseph Clowes Clerk, is the present Vicar of the said Parish: And whereas the Honourable and Right Reverend Father in God James Lord Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry, is, in Right of his said See,

the present Rector of the said Parish of Hanbury, and is also Patron of the Vicarage of Hanbury aforesaid,

and Hugh Bailye Clerk, is Vicar of the said Parish, and as such they the said Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry,

and Hugh Bailye, are, according to their several and respective Rights, entitled to all Tythes, both Great and Small, arising within the said Parish of Hanbury: And whereas Robert Cheney Esquire, is Lessee to the said Bishop of all the Tythes of the said Parish of Hanbury, belonging to the Rector thereof: And whereas the Honourable Mary Leigh is Patroness of the Rectory of Toxall, and the Reverend Thomas Clare Doctor ia Divinity, is the Present Rector of the said Parish, and as such entitled to all Tythes arising within the same:

And whereas the Reverend Baftifi Proby Doctor in Divinity, Dean of the Cathedral Church of Lichfield, is,

4 in Right of his said Deanry, the present Rector of the said Parish of Tatenhill, and by virtue thereof is eatitled to all Tythes arising within the said Parish: And whereas the several Re&ors and Vicars herein-before particularly named, and their Lessees and Tenants, claim to be entitled according to their respedUvc Rights and Interest, to all such Tythes in Kind as shall hereafter arise within the said respective Wards of the said Forest or Chase, as lying within their laid several and respective Parishes, in case the said Forest or Chase shall be disafforested and dimharged from Rights of Forest and Chafe: And whereas the Soil of the said Forest or Chase being in general of a rich and fertile Nature, and being in the Vicinity of the City of Lichfield, the Town of Derby, and several other manufacturing Towns in the Counties of Stafford and Derby, would, if divided into just Proportions, not only become very beneficial and advantageous to the Parties interested therein, but would be of great publick Utility; but forasmuch as such Division cannot be effectually made and established without the Aid of Parliament; f may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted, &c.

Three Commissioners appointed for setting out, dividing, aligning, allotting, and inclosing the said Forest or

Chafe of Kcedwood, and the young Oak and Holly Trees growing thereon. §1 — 6. Surveyors appointed,

and their Duty. §7 — 9."

X. And be it further enacted, That for obviating any Doubts or Difficulties concerning the true Limits and Confirming Boundaries of the said Ffcreft or Chafe, fuefiLimits and Boundaries thereof as have been usually ridden or Boundaries : id-perambulated by the Juries of the Woodnrote Courts of the said Forest or Chase for the Space of twenty Years \v^motcTurv last past, shall, by force and virtue of this Act, be deemed, taken, and established as the true Limits and Boun- f0r°°the °last 20 daries of the said Forest or Chase.*Years.

Commissioners empowered to ascertain the Boundaries of the four Wards. $11. Oaken Timber and young Trees shall be valued. $ 12. A Tenth in Value of such Timber shall be paid by the Crown for the Use of the Freeholders and Copyholders. Power for the Crown, during three Years, to cut Timber after Payment for the Freeholders Part; and on Payment thereof, the Crown may dispose of all the Timber so cut, down to six inches Girth indufive. §13 — 18. Commissioners shall set out publick and private Roads, Footways,

44 &c. and appoint a Surveyor of them, &c. $ 18 — 23.

XXV. And be it euaded, That the several Pounds or Pinfolds now kept and appropriated for the Use of Pinfolds refer* '

the said Forest or Chase, or the Ground whereon the same or any of them are situate, shall not be deemed or 101>1C Crusvo*

taken as any Part of the Land by this Act authorized to be allotted or set out, but the same shall for ever re-maiu vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and be used as heretofore accustomed; unless the said Commissioners shall appoint any other Place or Places, Situation or Situations, for such Pound or Pounds, Pinfold or Pinfolds, which they are hereby empowered to do; in which Case such Place and Places so to be appointed shall be and are hereby vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Purpose aforesaid; and in case any of the said Pounds or Pinfolds shall be hereafter found inconvenient, in respect of Situation, it shall be lawful for the Steward of the Honour or Manor of Tutbury for the Time being, or his Deputy, by and with the Consent of the Overseers of the Poor of the Township wherein any such Pound or Pinfold is situate, to remove the same to any other more convenient Place or Places upon the Waste, or on the Side of any Road in the same Township, or to erect any other Pounds or Pinfolds on the Walks thereof for the more conveniently impounding of Cattle legally taken for Trespass.

Allotments for Tydies. §26 — 31. Forest discharged from Tythes. y 29. Allotments to the Freeholders and Copyholders, f 32 — 35. His Majesty empowered to grant to the Keepers their Lodges and Lands. $ 26.

For veiling the new Lodge in his Majesty. $ 37. For vesting in his Majesty all Incroachments now in his Possession. §38. Incroachments vested in the reputed Owners in Fee. $ 39 — 4* Confirmation of Freehold

and of Lands enclosed. $ 42. '

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all and Angular the Residue and Remainder of the said Forest or Allotment to tlta Chafe not herein-before directed to be allotted, nor hereby vested in or declared to belong to any Person or Pen- King.

Ions, and all and singular the Rest ard Residue of the said Oak Trees, Handing and growing on the open and uninclosed Parts of the said Forest or Chase, not herein-before directed to be allotted and set out to the said Rectors, Vicars, Freeholders, and Copyholders, shall be set out and allotted by the said Commissioners unto 4

the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and that his Majesty's said Portion or Share of the said For* 11 & 41 Geo. III. (U.K.) Hh Chalk

ij4 C-lvi. lvii.

4i* GEORGII III. (U.K.) A; D. 1801.

The King's Allotment shall comprise the Greiives and the Foieit Banks.

Chafe shall, from and after, and so soon at the same or any Part thereof shall be fenced In and ferered from the Lands adjoining thereto, become and remain the exclusive and absolute Property of the King's Majesty, his Heirs ana Successsors, as Parcel of the Possessions of the Duchy of Lancaster, freed, exonerated, and for ever discharged of and from all Tythes whatsoever, and also of and from all Rights of Common of Palture and Turbary, Common of Eftovers, and other Rights of what Kind or Nature soever, of all and singular the Freeholders, Copyholders, Tehees, Tenants, and Inhabitants of the said several Townships of Anflow, Barton-under-Needwood, Callingwood, Cotort, Draycott, DunJlaU, Fawhle, Hampstall-R'tdware, lianbury, Hanbury Wood-End, Hoarcroft, Houndhill, Marching? on, Marchington-lVoodlands, Moreton, New borough with Thomey Lanes, Rolleston, TatenhiU, Tut bury, Stubby Lane, Toxall, and Scroft on, and every of them, their Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, subject nevertheless to such annual Rents Charge in lieu of Eftovens as herein after is provided: And which said Allotment of the said Forest or Chase to be made to the King's Majesty as aforesaid, shall include five hundred Acres, or upwards, from Hanhury Gate to Butter Milk Hill in Murrhington Ward in the said Forest or Chase, with all the Trees, Coverts, Underwood, Brakes, and Bullies thereon, in order to comprize certain Places called The Greaves ana The Banks, which are to be allotted unto the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

The Inhabitants

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful at all Times hereafter for the Inhabitants of Draycott and of the several Townships of Draycott and Stubby-Lane aforesaid, to have access to the Spout of a certain Spring Stubby Lane of f0ft Water in the Greaves aforesaid, at a Place there where the Current or Stream from the said Spring is ih^U ba\e^access jQjnC(j by a Cun-cut or Stream flowing from a Spring of hard Water, in order to take (oft Water from the said soft Waier.* ° first-mentioned Current or Stream, by means of a Way of sufficient Width for a Water-Cart, with a Space for turning at the End, to be set out by the said Commissioners, and endofed at the Expence of the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, from the Turnpike Road across the said Forest, to the Spout of the said Spring of soft Water, at the Place aforesaid.

Commissioners may assign Land in lieu of Quit Rents, &c. §45. Allotments shall contain equal Quantities 11 of good and bad Land, &c. $ 46. Rights of certain Persons to Common of Eftovers, and for making them 44 a Compensation by way of Rent Charge. §47 — 49. How Award on the Grand Division shall be made and published; one Part to be deposited in the Office of the Clerk of the Council of the Duchy of Lancaster.

44 £ 50 — 52. Regulations as to his Majesty's Allotments. $ 53 — 6$.

LXIX. And be it further enacted and declared, That his Majesty's Right* of Forest and Chafe, within and over the said Forest or Chase of Needwood, shall remain and continue vested in his Majesty, his Heir* and Successors, and all and every the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, now in force for the Protection of Deer, and for punishing Persons guilty of any Offence in Breach of such Laws, shall remain and continue in full Force and Effect, for the Protection of his Majesty's Deer within the said Forest and Chafe, and for the Punishment of Offenders therein, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand eight hundred and two; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided always, That in case any Allotment or Allotments of the said Forest or Chase by this Act authorized or directed to be indofed, shall be actually inclosed, and the Fences thereof completed before the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand right hundred and two, that then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the actual Owner of every AL iotment, from and after the complete Inclosure and Fences thereof, to kill any Deer on such his inclosed Land, and to hunt and kill any Deer thereon, before the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand eight hun»

1

Rights of Forest and Chafe r«-ierved till 25th December 1802.

Fi.om that time the whole Forest 'shall be difaf-ibrested.

dth Geo. f. r. f 8. and Charter nf tad Jttoe

272Jo the

4red and two, and shall not be subject to any Pain, Penalty, or Punishment for so doing.

LXX. And be it further efta&ed, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand eight hundred and two, the Whole of the said Forest or Chase of Needwood shall be, and the same is hereby dilafforested and difehafed to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that from thenceforth no Person or Persons shall be questioned, or liable to any Pain, Penalty, or Punishment for hunting, coursing, killing, destroying, or taking any Deer whatsoever, within the same, save and except within Rich Part or Parts thereof (if any) as shall be inclosed with Pales, and kept for a Park or Parks by the Owners, Lessees, or Tenant* thereof.

Rectors and Vicars may grub and clear Land and grant Leases. $71. For taking a Survey of the several 14 Townships. $ 72, 73. Mode of receiving and settling Claims. §74 — 70. Penalties of Pei^ury on Persons u giving false Evidence. $ Bo. Mode of subdividing the Commoners Allotments, &c. §81 — 87. Regulations as to Acceptance and Inclosure of Allotments. §88 — 106. After completing and finishing the Divi- lions and Allotments, the Commissioners shall make, sign, and seal, the Final Award, dating the rJature and Bounds of the several Allotments, and the orders for fencing and keeping them, and for making the Roads,

44 &c. which final Award shall, within three Months, be enrolled in the Duchy Court of Pance^ery and filed with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Stafford, and Copits thereof shall be good Evidence. $ I07>

44 &c. General Directions for enabling the Commissioners to render Justice to all Parties on the Apportionment of the young Trees. §114. For valuing and allotting the Holly Trees. §115 — 117. Owners of Tythes may agree to discharge Old Inclosures from the Payment of Tythes. Agreements to be under the Approbation of the Bflhop of Lichfdd and Coventry Such Agreements shall be let forth in the final Award. 44 §121 — 123. Regulations to protect Fences, Trees, and Woods. } 124, See.

Cap. lvii.

An Act to enable the Corporation of The Royal Exchange Assurance, to assure Vessels, Barges, Keels, Boats, and other Craft employed in Inland Navigation, and the Goods, Merchandizes, and Effedbs laden therein.

£2oth June 1801/J

WHEREAS by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his kite Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for better securing certain Powers and Prinn/rget intended to be granted, by his Majesty, by two Charters for Assurance of Ships and Merchandise at Sea, and for lending

Money

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K) C.lvii. — lxii.

( Money upon Bottomry, and for retraining several extravagant and unreasonable Proffices therein named, his said Majesty dia, by his Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at Westminster the tweatysecond Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty, incorporate divers Persons therein named, to be 4 a Corporation in Deed and in Name, and to have a perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, by the Name of The Royal Exchange Assurance for insuring Ships and Goods at Sea, or going to Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry: And whereas since the granting the said Charter, a very considerable and beneficial Trade has been entered into and carried on, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by Means of Canals, in which are employed Vessels, Barges, Keels, Boats, and other Craft; and it would be a great Benefit to the Publick if the said Corporation were enabled to assure the fame, and the Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects laden therein; but Doubts have arisen whether the said Corporation have Power so to do; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; 9 and be it enacted by the King's raoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the said Corporation, called The Royal Exchange Assurance, and their Successors, from and after the passing of this Act, and for ever thereafter, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to allure Vessbls, Barges, Keels, Boats, and all other Craft employed in any Inland Navigation in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects laden therein, from all and every Rilk which may arise from and during the said Navigation.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced, brought, or prosecuted against the said Corporation of The Royal Exchange Assurance for insuring Ships at Sea9 or going to Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry, by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for or concerning any Assurance or Assurances hereby authorized to be made, or relating to the Powers hereby granted, the said Corporation and their Successors may, in such Action or Suit, plead the General Issuet and give the special Matter in Evidence.

Publick A a. {*3 "

Cap. lviii.

An Act to enable the Corporation of the London Assurance to assure Vessels, Barges, Keels, Boats, and other Craft employed in Inland Navigation, and the Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects laden therein.

[20th June 1801.]

£/* the same Terms as the preceding AS, cap. lvii.]

Cap. lix.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, diverting, and improving the Road leading from Reading in the County of Berks, to Bajngstoke in the County of Southampton (*).

[20th June 1801.]

9 G. a. c. if. 30 G. 2. c. 53. 18 O. 3. c. 1

Cap. lx.

An Act for continuing (5) the Term and altering the Powers of two several Acto, made respectively in the first and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and maintaining the Road from Dartford to Northfleet, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxi.

An Act for improving and extending the Navigation of the River Exe, from the publick Quay at Exeter to the publick Road adjoining four Mills near Crediton in the County of Devon, by making a Navigable Canal or Cuts, and deepening and widening such Parts of the Rivers Exe and Gredy as lhaQ be necessary for that Purpose.

[20th June 1801.]

£Certain Persons incorporated by the Title of The Company of Proprietors of the Exeter and Crediton Navigation" — Company empowered to raise 21, 4001. by 100l. Shares.]

Cap. lxii.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the several Parishes of Saint Michael and the Holy Trinity in the City of Coventry, and County of the same City; and for exempting the Vicars of the said Parishes from being rated to the Relief of the Poor in respeef of certain Assessments. £2oth June 1801.]

WHEREAS the Poor within the several Parishes of St. Michael and the Holy Trinity, in the City of Coventry and County of the same City are very numerous, and have of late Years greatly encreased,

and consist principally of Manufacturers: And whereas by placing the Management of the roor of the said Parishes in one Body of Directors, to be chosen as herein after mentioned, and the providing of a convenient House or Houses for the Reception ajnd Employment of such Poor, and the granting proper Powers for their Support, Government, and Employment, the Poor would be better maintained and provided for, and the Rates for their Relief would be rendered much less burthensome to the said Parishes; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act all and every Person and Persons rated and assessed to the Relief of the Poor of either of the said Parishes, and seised in his or their wn Right, or in Right of their Wives, of Freehold, or of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Tythes, either in Fee or for Life, or for a Term of ten Years absolute or upward^ or for a Term of Years determinable on one or more Life or Lives of the yearly Value of fifty Pounds or urwards; and

23s

Royal Exchange Assurance for iafuring Ships and Goods at Sea or going to Sea, and for lending Money on Bottomry.

Corporation empowered to injure Vessel and all other Craft concerned in Inland Navigation and their Cargoes.

[General Issue.]

[Former Alb, G. 1. c.

>6. all repealed.]

[xG. 3.C. 40. zt G. 3. c. 98. §

Incor ^oration arf Ciuaidiana and Qualification.

236 Clxii. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

also all and every Person and Persons rated and assessed to the Relief of the Poor, for or in respect of any Lands or Tenements situate, or in respect of any Tythes arising and increasing within either of such Parishes respectively, of the Yearly Value of twenty Pounds or upwards, mil be and are hereby declared to be incorporated, and shall be called by the Name of The Guardian* of the Poor of the several Parishes of Saint Michael and the Holy Trinity in the Citf of Coventiy and County of the same City, and shall for ever thereafter be and be deemed and taken to be one Body Politick and Corporate in Law to all Intents and Purposes, and shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and shall be enabled to sue and plead, and be sued by that Name in all Courts whatsoever, and by that Name shall and may, without License in Mortmain, purchase, take, or receive any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and take and receive the Gift, Alienation, or Devise of any Person or Persons for any Estate or Interest whatsoever; and all Persons whatsoever are hereby enabled to convey and devise the fame, and to give and bequeath any Goods, Money, or Chattels whatsoever for the Use and Benefit of the Corporation aforesaid, and by that Name the said Corporation may and are hereby empowered to convey, assign, transfer, or dispose of any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Money, Goods, or Chattels, or any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Money, Goods, or Chattels, whiA they may hereafter purchase for the Purposes of this Act, as there shall be Occasion, subject to the Provisions and Regulations herein after contained.

Directors authorised to govern and maintain the Poor.

" Guardians shall choose eighteen Directors, nine of whom shall go out annually, and others be chosen. §2 — 4, " &c. Five Directors a Quorum. §17. Directors empowered to make Bye Laws. §19. And appoint Treasurer, Collector, Clerk, Surveyor, Matter and Mistress of the Workhouse, &c. §21, 22. Directors empowered, with Consent of Guardians, to raise 15, 0001. on Security of the Rates. §23 — 29. Directors may ascertain the Sum to be raised; and the Churchwardens and Overseers shall make and collect the Rates; or in l' the: r Dtfiult, the Directors may so do. §30 — 37. Present Workhouses, Furniture, &c. vested in the Guardians. §38. Directors empowered to provide Workhouses and Furniture, and Materials for employing the Poor; and to make Contrafts accordingly. §40 — 42. No Director or Treasurer shall hold any Place of Profit, or be concerned in any Contract. §43. Accounts shall be audited quarterly, with Appeal to Quarter Sessions. §44, 45?*»

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall have, and they are hereby vested with the Care, Controul, and Management, as well as-Power to provide for the Maintenance and Education of the Poor of and belonging to the Parishes aforesaid; and the said Directors, or any seven or more of the said Directors* shall be and they are hereby empowered to set the said Poor to work, or to cause them to be employed by any other Person or Persons, in such Manner as Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor are empowered to do by any Law now in being relating to the Poor, or in such other Manner as the said Directors, or any feren or more of the said Directors shall think proper, subject to the Rules, Orders, and Regulations herein contained; and shall and may receive, order, 'and compel all and every idle and disorderly Person and Persons, who by reason of their idle and disorderly living shall neglect or refuse to maintain, or shall leave or threaten to leave and desert thehr Families, not being able to maintain themselves, and also all other People who shall beg, feck, or want RelieF for the Time being, and who shall belong to and ought, according to the Provisions of this Act, or of any Law-now in being, to be relieved and provided for by either of the said Parishes within the said City of Coventry and County of the same City, to come in, work, dwell, and inhabit in the said Workhouses, or other House or Houses provided by the said Directors in pursuance of this Act, and to detain, keep, and maintain all such respective Poor Persons therein, and to employ such of them as are able to work, during such Time and so long as it shall appear to the said Directors that such Poor Persons, or any of them respectively, are not of Ability to maintain and provide for themselves without the Aid of the said Corporation; and all such Poor who (Hall hie so received, or who shall come in to dwell, or be brought into the said Workhouses, or other House or Houses* shall, during such their Abode and Residence there, and whilst maintained by the said Corporation as aforesaid* do, execute, and perform such Work, Labour, Business, and Employ, as the said Directors, or any seven or 'more of the said Directors, shall think fit and judge proper to be done by them respectively for the Use of the said Corporation; and the said Directors, or any five or more of the said Directors, shall and may detain and keep all idle and disorderly Persons who shall have so deserted, threatened to leave, ntglefted, or refused to maintain his or their Families, and to set each of them to work in such Workhouses, or other House or Houses during such Time and until each such Person by his or her Work or Labour there, shall have got and raised so much Money above his or their Maintenance as shall be sufficient to repay and reimburse to the said Corporation, the Charges and Expences they shall have sustained in maintaining and providing for every such idle or disorderly Person and his or her Family; and in case any such idle or disorderly Person shall refuse to work and labour* or shall not work and labour according to his or her Ability, then and so often as it shall so happen, the said Directors, or any five or more of the said Directors, shall and they are hereby empowered to detain such idle and disorderly Person within their Place of Correction, and to keep him or her to such hard Labdur as he or she shall be judged able to undergo for the Space of one Day, or such other Time as the said Directors, or any five or 'more of the Directors shall think fit, not exceeding the Space of seven Days, or to carry such Offender before one Justice of the Peace for the said City of Coventry and County of the same, who is hereby empowered, upon the Oath of one Witness (which such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction of the said City and County, to be kept to hard Labour for any Space oJT Time not exceeding the Space of three Calendar Months.

No Spirituous Liquors shall be carried into the Workhouse. f /tf. Encouragement shall be given to the In — *dustrious Poor. §48. Punishment of Poor misbehaving themselves. §49. Or embezzling Materials and " Goods. $ 50. Penalty for buying Cloaths, &c. fumifhea for the Poor, 20l. to 5l. §51. Poor Children may be put Apprentices, f 52. Children may be discharged or hired out as Servants. Poor may be employed

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U. C.lxii. — lxxi.

u ra Harvest Work. $ S3* ^>oor employed or born in the House of Industry shall not thereby rain ft Settle- ment. §54. Bastards born in the Workhouses shall not gain a Settlement thereby, but shall follow the Mo-

ther'a Settlement. §55. Directors shall provide for Out Poor, and defray Incidental Expences. $ 56.

For administering immediate Relief to Poor Persons on sudden IUness, See* §57. Directors may grant Cer-u tificates of Settlements. §58, 59. Bonds for indemnifying the Parishes against Bastards, shall be vested in u and in future given to Directors. £ 60. Directors may appoint Persons to remove Paupers, and Orders of Removal shall be made on Complaint of Directors. §61, Stc. Act shall not extend to the Poor in any Alms-house, Hospital, or other Building of special Donation. §72/ Nor to Distrish within the respective

Parishes Liable to maintain their own Poor. -§ 73."

Cap. Ixiii.

An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual an Act, passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Mitford and Launditch, in the County of Norfolk.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxiv.

An Act for establishing a new.Church or Chapel, lately erected in or near Kirkgate Street, within the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxv.

An Act for enlarging and improving the Market Place of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and for making a commodious Street from thence to the River Humber, with a Dock and Wharf, or Landing Place, for the Ferry and Market Boats belonging and resorting to the said Town.

[20th June 1801.]

[Certain Crown Lands in Hull sold to the Corporation. $ 6.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for enlarging and improving the Market Place within the Town of Rotherham, in the West Riding of the Cqunty of Torl, and for widening and rendering more commodious the Streets and Avenues leading thereto; and for cleansing, lighting, and regulating the Streets and other publick Passages and Places within the said Town.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for continuing (e) and amending an Act passed in the twenty-eighth .Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, Jen AS for enlarging the Terms and Powers of two Acts, of the twelfth and nineteenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, made for building a tem^rary Bridgeand completing a new State Bridge over the River Tyne, between the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne and Gateshead, in the County of Durham, cued making the Avenues to, and the Passages over the same more commodious > and for removing and preventing Nutfances and Annoyance* in the Streets, Lanes, or Avenues leading to the said new Stone Bridge, within the Town of Gateshead, in the County Durham; and for enabling the Trustees named in the mid Act to widen and en-laigc the said new Stone Bridge.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for eoabling the Company of Proprietors of the Wilts and Berks Canal Navigation, to raise Money for the completing the said Canal; and to alter, explain, and amend the Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of Reign of his present Majesty, for making the said Canal.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxix.

An Act for further continuing the Duties and altering the Powers granted by four Acts made in the fifth and twenty-fifth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the third and eighteenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough in the County of York,

[20th June 1801.]

[Recited Acts continued for twenty Years from the End of the former Term.]

Cap. lxx.

An Act to authorize the Company of Proprietors of the Blief mere Canal to extend the said Canal from the Whitchurch Branch thereof, at or near certain Water Corn Mills called The New Mills, in the Parish of Whitchurch in the County of Salop, to and to communicate with the Chester Canal, in the Township of Stoke in the Parish of A don in the County of Chester; and for altering and amending the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Ellesmere Canal.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Caual more effectually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to complete the Whole of the Works to be executed by them, in pursuance of the several Acts of the thirty-third, thirty-fourth, thirty-fifth, thirty-sixth, and thirty -eighth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty; and for altering and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts.

[20th June 1801.]

Company empowered to raise 150, 000!, additional. §1. Either by creating new Shares, Half Shares, 44 Quarters, or Eighths. §2. and $ 8, 95 Or by borrowing Money on Promiuory Notes. §3. Deviations " made under the rowers of former Acts confirmed. $ 4. Disputes now fubfiiting shall not be affected. $ 5.

237

C. 59.J

[*8 G. 3.C. 78.]

[3JG.3. c.ji]

[5 G. 2, -c. 11. 25 O. 2. c. 44. 3 G. 3. c. 4*.

18 G. 3. C. 2C.J

rSee 33 G. 3. c. 91.

36 G. ?. c. 71. and c. 96.J

lSef 33 G. 3. c. ho.

|t2* 3-c-4-

«. % " 36G.\ r

*3-3

*38 Clxxi. — lxxvi. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

" Nor .Questions in Difference between the Company and certain Persons named. §6. For adjuiltng the " Mode of settling Contracts respecting of Lands. §7. For regulating the Use of Pleasure Boats on " the Canal. §10. For regulating Railways and Stone Roads. $ n. Owners of Vessel who shall pay any " Penalty or Satisfaction for their Servants shall be reimbursed by them. §12. Power to distrain Coals, See. " on Wharfs for the Rates. §13. The Company may refer Matters in Dispute to Arbitration. (14. Clause " in 33 G. 3. c. 80. as to the Compensations to be made by the Company to the Corporation of London, for u Tolls under 17 G. 3. c. 18. repealed. The Corporation of London shall be entitled to the Toll or Duty of u one Halfpenny granted by said Act, 17 G. 3. c. 18. The Company shall be entitled to the like Toll granted €t by 33 G. 3. c. 80. on Goods passing from the Canal into the Tbpmes. And the Company shall also pay the u Corporation of London 600l. per jfnnun for ever. $ 18, 19."

Penalty for damaging any Winks,

Felony, Sec.

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for draining, preferring from Water, and improving. certain Low Lands and Grounds, lying within the several Parishes or Chapelriea of North Wool on, Ptit on, West Permard, Baltonsborough, Barton Saint Davids, Butleigh, Street, GlaJIon Saint John, Glafton Saint BenediS, Walton, Ashcot, Shapwich, MoorKnch, Catcott, Chilton, Edington, CoJJington, Woolavington, Huntjpill, Eafi Brent, South Brent, Mart, Wedmort, Meart, Bum-am, Badg worth, Baddpham, Chapel Allerton, Were, Pur it on, Pawlet, Woohey, and the out Parish of Scant Cuthbert, in Wells, all in the County of Somerset.

[20th June 1801.]

XLIX. AND for preventing the breaking down or damaging any of the Works which shall be made or IIl altered in pursuance of this Act, or otherwise obstructing the Execution of the same; be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully or designedly damage any Cut, Drain, or Watereourse, Floodgate, Outlet, Clyes, Sluice, Bridges, or other Work or Works already made or erected, or which shall at any Time or Times hereafter be made or erected, for answeenng any of the Purposea of this Act, all and every Person and Persons so offending, and being thereof lawfdlly convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes bf this Realm, or the Court may, if they shall think fit, in Mitigation of such Punishment, award such Sentence as the Law directs in case of Petit Larceny.

Persons obstructiifg the Execution of the Act shall forfeit not exceeding iol."

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for draining and improving certain Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Leverington and Leverington - Parson Drove, in the Ific of Ely, in the County of Cedtibridge.

[20th June 1801.]

Penalty on Per-

XXXIII. AND be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall at any Time or fom wilfully de- Times hereafter, wilfully and maliciously cut, throw down, burn, or otherwise destroy any

ank* Mill, Engine, Floodgate, Tunnel, or Sluice already made and erected, or which at any Time hereafter*nJ» c*making and erecting, or made and erected, for the draining and improving of the said Lands and Grounds so abutted and described as aforesaid, or any of them, and shall be thereof lawfully convicted, shall be guilty of Felony, and liable to be transported as a Felon for seven Years.

lt Persons setting Nets in the Drains, &c. or damaging the Works, shall forfeit 50l. or fuffeAhrec Months law^prisonment."

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, embanking, and improving the Open Fields, Meadows, Padures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Ashhy, in the rarish of Bcfterfotd, in the County of Lincoln.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Field, Conunonable Marsh Lands, Half Year Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of South Walsham Saint Lawrence and South Walsham Saint Mary in the County of Norfolk; and for draining and preserving the same.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxxvi.

An Act for diriding, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons* Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Potter Heigham in the County of Norfolk.

[20th June 1801.]

Pendtvon de- LXIV. AND be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously cut, damage, stroying Works, break down, demolish, or destroy any Bank, Mill, Engine, Dam, Floodgate, Bridge, Sluice, or Tunnel

felony. See. " Ji^ady made, or which shall at any Time hereafter be made or erected, supported, maintained, or u fed, for answering any of the Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending and being convicted, shall be guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for seven Years, or in Mitigation of such Punishment may award such Sentence as the Law directs in cases of Petty Larceny.

Cafm,

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) C.lxxvii.^-lxxxiv. 239

Cap. IxxvS.

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and improving several Common Moors, called Sydney Moor,

Small Moor, Rodway Moor, Waters Upton Moor, and other Commons, and Waste Lands within the several Parities of Rockwardinc, Eyton, Kinnerjley, and Waters Upton in the County of Salop, and within the several /

Town fin ps of Crudge'wgton and Sleap, in the Parish of nigh Ercall, otherwise Ercall Magna, in the same County# [20th June 1801.]

XXII. AND be it further etiafled, That all and every Person and Persons, who shall unlawfully, wilfully, Penalty on Per-Jl\> and maliciously spoil, damage, injure, or destroy any Watercourse, Sluice, Drain, Gutter, Flood- son* dcftiyying gate, Weir, Embankment, Gauge, Fence, or other Work, Matter, or Thing, which shall be made, erected, Works38'08 widened, or altered, in pursuance of this Act for the draining, watering, dividing, enclosing, preserving, or Fcl©nv| improving of any of the Lands within the said several Parishes, Townshipg, and Places, or any of them,

shall, on Conviction thereof at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to he holden in and for the said County of Salop, be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall be liable to be transported as a Felon, for any Time not exceeding ieven Years: But the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried, may, in Mitigation of such Punishment, if they think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny. u Persons obstructing Works shall, forfeit from 20l. to 206.'9

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act for enlarging (r) the Term and Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of [25 G. 2. c. 38. his late Majesty King George the Second, and the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for8 G. 3. c. 107.] repairing the Road leading from the Town of Morpeth, by or through Mitford, Thropble, Long Ivxtton, and by the North Side of Rotllcy Park Wall to Sting Cross, and to the High Cross in Elfdon in the County of Northumberland.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, (n) and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of three Acts, passed in the ninth and twenty- [9G 2 eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-first Year of the a8 G. 2! c'42! Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for amending and keeping in Repair such Pkrt of the G. 3. c. 9; '.) Roads described in the (Said Ad o? the twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, as leads from the End of Culham Bridge next to Culham in the County of Oxford, to the End of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon, in the County of Berks, and from the Mayor's Stone at the End of Boar Street in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Shippon in the said County of Berks, and from thence to the West End of the Town of Fyfuldva the same County.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxxx.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the South District or Division of the Roads from Royston in the County of Hertford to Wandesford Bridge in the County of Huntingdon; and for continuing [e) and amending an Act passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as the said Act [30 G., c 80 1 relates to the said District.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, (a) and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Q R

for repairing and widening the Roads from Spann Smithy in the Township of Elton, through the Town of 19G. Midalewieh, and by Spittle Hill in Stantborn, to Winsford Bridge, and from Spittle Hill to the Town of North. wich in the County Palatine of Chester [20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, (d) and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of [260. 2. c. 7. hb late Majesty King George the Second, and the nineteenth Year of the Reign of hie present Majesty, for 3.C. i*.J repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Rrough-under-Stainmore in the County of Wejbmor* land, by the End of Appleby Bridge, to Eamont Bridge in the said County.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Rugby in the County of Warwick, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Lutterworth to Market Horborough in the Counties of Leicester and North* mmpUm. (je)

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, (a) and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter the Powers of two Acts, one passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of [16 g, a. c. 78. lib late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to widen and repair the Road from the Guide Post 3. c. 67.

near the End of Drayton Lane near Banbury, in the County of Oxford, to the House called the Sun-rising, at the Top of Edge Hill, in the County of Warwick; and the other, passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of kb present Majesty King George the Third, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act.

[20th June 1801.]

A.D. I (far.

S40 C.lxxxv. Jxxxvii, 41° GEORGII III. (iV. K)

[|iG. 1. c. 65.0 C. 3. c. 93.J

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act for continuing for tweiTty-one Years, (d) and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty*first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same Acts relate to the Road from the Market House in Tetbury to the Turnpike Road on Minch'mhampton Common, and from the said Road in Minchinhampton Field unto the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Stroud, near Burnt AJb, and from the said Turnpike Road to Tayloe's Mill Pond in Chalford Bottom, and through Hide to the Bottom of the Bourne Hill9 in the County of GlouceRer9 and for repairing, altering, and improving the Road from Tayloe's Mill Pond aforesaid to Fojlori s-AJd9 in the Parish of Btjley9 in the said County 01 Glouciller.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act for extending and enlarging the Powers, and incteafing the Rates and Duties of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Newcastle-upon-Tyne9 and for better regulating the Port of Newcastle.

[20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS the Matter, Pilots, and Seamen, of the Trinity House of Newcastle-upon-Tyne9 in the County of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, have been for a long Series of Years a Corporation, and by long

Usage and by virtue of divers Letters Patent granted to them by the Crown, have possessed, exercised, and enjoyed various Powers, Privileges, and Franchises, and particularly the Power of appointing and licensing Pilots for conducting Ships or Vessels up and down the River of 7yne9 and into and out of the Port of Newcastle,

and the Creeks and Members belonging thereto, and of erecting, placing, and maintaining Lights,

Buoys, and Beacons, in the said Port and River; and have during all nich Time, had, received, and taken < divers Rates, Dues, and Duties, for and in Respect of the Charges and Expences attending the Use, Exercise, and Performance of such Powers, Franchises, and Privileges, whereby the Trade and Navigation of the said Port and River, and of the Creeks and Members belonging thereto, have been much promoted and increased: And whereas it would greatly tend to the further Increase of such Trade and Navigation, and to

the Security of Ships and Vessels trading to the said Port, and the Creeks and Members thereof, if such Powers and Privileges were extended and enlarged, and if such Dues and Duties were reasonaWy increased, so + as to enable the said Matter, Pilots, and Seamen, so incorporated as aforesaid, fully and effectually to use and exercise the said Powers and Privileges, for the Benefit of the Trade and Navigation of the said rort, and of the Creeks and Members thereof: And whereas great Inconveniencies are experienced in the said Port and River, from the Want of Regulations as to the navigating and mooring Ships and other Vessels in the fame,

which might be avoided, if the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle aforesaid, who are Conservators of the said Port and River, were enabled to appoint Harbour Masters to regulate the navigating and mooring of Ships and other Vessels in the said Port and River: But inasmuch as these Objects cannot be obtained or effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, See.

The said Corporation of the Trinity House authorized to examine and license Pilots, who shall have the exclusive Privilege of navigating Ships up and down the River Tyne, $ I. If any other Person than a licensed Pilot shall navigate any Vesselhe shall forfeit 20l. §2. Pilots shall pay the said Corporation 40s. for their Licence. §3. Pilots misbehaving shall forfeit not exceeding 408. and their Fees; and their Licences may be withdrawn by the said Corporation. §4. The said Corporation may make Bye-Laws for regulations of the Pilots, See. and impose Penalties thereby, not exceeding 403. §5. Foreign Ships obliged to employ Pilots; 44 British Ships may employ them or not as they think proper. $ 6. Said Corporation authorized to take certain Rates for Pilotage. §7. And also certain other Rates for supporting the two Light Houses at North Shields, §8. Ships coming into and returning out of Port unladen shall pay the said Lightage Duty as if they were laden, §9. Ships driven back by Stress of Weather not to pay Duties. §10, 26. And also certain Dues for Buoys ana Beacons. §11. Ships coming and also returning unladen, shall pay the said Buoy and Beacon Duty. §12. Act shall not extend to Ships of War, nor Ships of his Majesty, See, nor Fittung Vessels. $ 13. Powers for Recovery of Duties. §14 — 18. Corporation of the Town of Newcastle empowered to appoint Harbour Masters. Penalty on disobeying Orders of Harbour Masters; Payment of

41 Expences and a Fine from 5L to 2l. Penalty on obstructing Harbour Masters, 20l. $ 19. None shall be appointed Harbour Masters but Members of the Trinity House, or Persons certified as fit by them. §20. 44 Corporation of 'Newcastle empowered to confirm or alter Directions of Harbour Masters, and to make Orders for them, j 21. The Responsibility of the Ship Matter, &c. not to be ltflened. $ 22. Penalty on Harbour Matter acting partially, not exceeding 5l. §23. Holy Island declared to be a Member of the rort of Ne<txi» 44 castle; and all the Powers of this Act, as to licensing Pilots, and Buoys and Beacons extended thereto. §24, 25. 44 The Trinity House empowered to take additional Duties for Buoys and Beacons at Holy Island; but thoi'e 44 Duties shall not extend to any Ship or Vessel resorting to the Creeks or Havens of Hartlepool, Stockton, Whitby, and Staithsj or any of them. §26. Saving the Rights of his Majesty and others in Holy Island, $ 2y. As also of the Rights of the Trinity Houses of London, Hull9 ana Leith; the Corporation of Newcastle\

1 44 and the Commissioners of the Admiralty. §28 — 30. Not to affect the Primage Duty payable to the said

' 44 Trinity House at Newca/lle, §31. Recovjery of Penalties. §32, Sec,9

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act for continuing few twenty-one Years, (<f) and from thence to the End of the then -next' Sefltoir of fi0C. 3.'C.p5-] Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the twentieth Year of 1 1 6 the

A.D. 1801, 419 GEORGII III. (17. K.) C.lxxxvii. — xcv.

the Reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Road from Sage Croft in the Town of Mthon Mowbray in the County of Leicfer, to the Town ©FGrantham in the County of Lincoln.

[20th June 1 So 1.]

Cap. lxxxviii.

An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, (a) and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for widening and repairing several Roads leading from the Welsh Gate and Cotton Hill in the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop; and for making and maintaining a new Branch of Road from the present Road from Shrewsbury to Welsh Pool, at or near the tenth Mile Stone, to, or near to, Buttington Hall in the County of Montgomery. £20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxxxix.

An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, (a) and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Flimwell Vent in the Parish of Ticehurst in the County of Stffex, to the Town and Port of Healings in the said County, [[20th June 1801.]

Cap. xc.

An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, (d) and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chs/ler, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from whit church aforesaid, through TernhiU, to Newport aforesaid, being the second District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned,

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. xci.

An Act for continuing (r) the Term and Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Pleajley, Glapwell Heath, and Normenton, and the Liberty of Hafland, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Derby to the Town of Chesterfield, in the County of Derby.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. xcii.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, (a) and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the first and tenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the East End of West Taphouse Lane to the Borough of Lijkcard, and from thence to the Combe Rowe House, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. xciii.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, (0) and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Wrexbanv to the Towns of Ruthin and Denbigh, in the County of Dcn- high, and amending, widening, .altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the said Town of Ruthin into the Turnpike Road from Corwrn to Llanrwjl, at or near a certain House called Crr-nioge Mawr, in the Parish of Llanyfydd, in the said County.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. xciv.

An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, (a) and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for making and maintaining a Road from Tilt ups Inn, in the Parish of Horsley, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Cirencejltr to ^Dudbridge, at or near Dudbridge, in the Parish of Rodhorongh, and from the Bridge at Nailsworth, in the Parish of Evening, to MincJnnhar.iplon Common, and several other Roads therein mentioned, au in the County of Gloucester, and for altering iome Parts of the said Roads.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. xcv.

An Act to continue (c) the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Stoclbrulge, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Winehifter, and from the said City through Bellmour Lane to the Top of Stephen's Cajile Down, near the Town of Bishop's Waltham, in the said County, and from the said City of Wine Infer, through Ottorbbrne, to Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton.

[20th June 1801.]

41 Geo. III. (U.K.) I i Cap. xcvi.

124

f3 1 G. 2. c. 67. 12 G. 3. c. -7.J

[26 G. 2. c. 54. 19 G. 3. C. 95.J

[ 33 G. 2. c. 50. 13 G. 3. c. 86.|

[32 G. 2. c. 37-20 G. 3. c. 7».J

[1 G. 3. c. 2X. 10 G. 3. c. 87.J

[32 G. t. c. 5$. 20 Q. 3. c. 97J

[2- G. 3* r* 3+]

[ 31 G. 2. r. <r. 2.0 G. 3* ic. 90.J

F.

C. xcvi. — cvi

A.D. 1801.

242

[33G. 3. C. 171.] [31G. 3.C. 5S-J

[ftSP.3c. 130.]

f See 15 G 3. Private Acts, c. 61J

41- GEORGII pi.

Cap. xcvi.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, (a) and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning the Road from Hurdlow House, through Buxton, in the County of Derby, and Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and also the Road from Hernestone Lane Head, and from Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapd-en-le-Frith, all in the said County of Derby, to the last mentioned Road at Whaley, in the said County of Chester; and for making and repairing a new Branch of Road from the said Turnpike Road at or near Barmoor Clough, near the own of Chapel-en-le-Frith aforesaid, to Fairf.eld near Buxton aforesaid.

[20th June l8oi.J

Cap. xcvii.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of hi present Majesty, for the better Regulation and Government of the Company of Cutlers, within the Liberty Hallamshire, in the County of York, and within fix Miles of the said Liberty, and of their Journeymen and Apprentices. [[20th June iSoi.J

Cap. xcviii.

An Act for making, widening, and repairing the Road from the Old Bridge in the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, through the several Township of Stockport, OJfcrton, and Ma*pic, to or near Marple Bridge, all in the said County; and a Branch from the said Road, in the Township of Marple aforesaid, through the Village of New Mills, to or near Thornfct Gate, both in the County of Derby, and another Branch from or near Thornfct Gate aforesaid, through the Village of New Mills aforesaid, to or near the

present Road, in the Township of Difley, in the said County of Chester. (c) [20th June 1801.]

Cap. xcix.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, (a) and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for more effectually repairing the Road from the Black Bull Inn, in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shajford House, in the County of Hertford.

[20th June iSoi.J

Cap. c.

An Act for vesting in Trustees all the Real Estates late of Nathaniel Matthew Knapp Esquire, deceased, whicht by his Will, were devised in strict Settlement, to the Intent that proper Parts thereof may be sold For discharging the Incumbrances affecting the same Real Estates, and that the Residue of the Money, if any, arising by such Sale, may be inverted in the Purchase of other Lands, and that the Lands to be so purchased* and also such Part of the Lands to be verted in Trustees as aforesaid, as rtiall not be sold, may be settled to the Uses contained in the Will of the said Nathaniel Matthew Knapp, concerning his Real Estates devised in strict Settlement.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. ci.

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of John Henry Maw of Warmsworth, in the County of York, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the clear Monies thence arising, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. cH.

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Thomas Buncombe Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

[20th June 1801.jj

Cap. ciii.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the most Honourable James Marquis of SaU/bury in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Purchase Money in discharging of a Mortgage thereon, and for confirming the Settlement of the Residue of such Estates, and declaring the same to be a Satisfaction of his Marriage Articles, and for appointing a new Trustee instead of one deceased.

[20th June 18c 1.3

Cap. civ.

An Act to confirm, and render valid and effectual, a Partition of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the several Counties of Rutland, Lincoln, and Leicester, late the Estates of Joseph Adcock Grazier, deceased, and also of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Northampton, late the Estates of Robert Adcock, Grazier, deceased.

[20th June 1801.]L

Cap. cv.

An Act for effectuating Exchanges between the Trustees of the Guildhall Feoffment, in Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk, and Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury Baronet.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. cvi.

An Act for vesting certain settled Estates of William Morton Pitt Esquire, in the County of Dorset, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the whole Money thence arising, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses.

[20th June 1801-3 Cap. cv£i«.

A.D. 1801.

41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) C.cvii. — cxvii

243

Cap. cvii.

An Act for wiling- Part of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Henry Thomas Earl of Ilchester, in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, in Trustees, to be sold, and for settling other Estates of the said Earl, in the said County of Somerset, and in the County of Dorset, in lieu thereof? [20th June 1801.]

Cap. cviii.

An Act for enabling Edward Constable Esquire, of Burton Confable, in Holdrmefs, in the County of York, Tenant fer Life, under the Will of his late Uncle William Constable Esquire, deceased, to charge his Estates in the said County of York.y or some Part thereof, with the Sums therein mentioned, and also for enabling the Trustees in the said Act to raise, with the Consent of the said Edward Constable7 during his Life, and after his Decease, in such Manner as therein is mentioned, certain Sums of Money for the protesting, improving, and increasing the same Estates, by the Means therein described.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. cix.

An Act for vesting two Freehold Messuages in Lombard Slreety in the City of London> Part of the Estates devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Charles Lord Viscount Irwin deceased, in Trustees for Sale, and for mvefting the Money to arise from such Sale, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Real Estates in England, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. cx.

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of the Reverend George Huddleston Purefoy Jervoise9 devised by the Will of Trijlram Huddleston Jervoise Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise therefrom, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. cxi.

An Act for vesting the Estates of John Fitzgerald Esquire, commonly called The Knight of Glinny situate in the County of Limericiy in Trustees, for raising, by Sale or Mortgage, Monies sufficient to pay off Incumbrances.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. cxii.

An Act to enable the Curate of the Chapelry of Saint Hilds, in the Parish of Jarrowy in the County of Z)i/r-ham, to grant a Building Lease of a certain Parcel of Ground lying contiguous to the Town of South ShielJs % in the said County, and belonging to the said Chapelry.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. cxiii.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Common Waste and Heath Lands, commonly known by the Names of the Great and Little Heaths, otherwise Mwynydd Bwchany and Wain Dyvaly lying within the several Parishes of Saint Jolm the Baptist in Cardijfy Landaffy Whitchurch, Roathy and Lanijheny in the County of Glamorgan, [20th June 1801.]

Cap. cxiv.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, in the Township of Ticklertony within the Parish of Eaton, in the County of Salop.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. cxv.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication from the Junction of the River Fofs with the River Ouse, at or near the City of York, to Stillington Mill, in the Parish of Stillington, in the North Riding of the County of York, ami for draining and improving certain Low Lands, lying on each Side of the said River foss, so far as the said Act relates to the said Navigation, and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the said Navigation to complete the same.

[23d Jun< 1801.]

Cap. cxvi.

An Act for draining, dividing, and inclosing a Common, called Crowland Common, or Goggujhlandy and certain Open Half Years Meadow, Commonable and Waste Grounds, called The Washes and Fodder Lots, in, adjoining, or near the Township of Crowlandy in the County of Lincoln, [23d J* 1801.]

X LI I. AND, for preventing the breaking down or damaging any of the Works which shall be erected or made /]L in pursuance of this Act, or otherwise obstructing the Execution of the same, be it further enacted, TLat if any Person shall wilfully, maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Division and Drainage, throw down, 4axnage, or destroy any Banks, Engines, or other Works to be erected and made by virtue of this Act, every PerCoo (o offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony, and the Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be pumlhcd by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or in Mitigation of such Punishment such Court may, if they think lit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Felony. — u Persons obstructing Works mail forfeit not exceeding 50l."

Cap. cxvii.

An Act for repairing the Road from the North End of Bridgeford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to the Bowling Green at Kettering, in the County of Northampton; and for repealing two Acts passed for repairing the said Road(e).

[23d June 1801.]

[33C. 3-c. 99]

Perfojv! defraying Works, Ace. guJty ol Foieny.

[i* C. 3. c. 9.

C. c. 17, rep'-akvi.]

244 C.cxviii. — cxx. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

C. 12. of the Private Acts.

Cap. cxviii.

[27 G. 2. c. 30. An Act for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester to Peterborough, in the County of Northampton t repealed ]* U3* ^or repealing two Acts passed for repairing the said Road (r).

[23d June 1801.]

Cap. cxix.

An Act for vesting certain Estates in the County of Norfolk, strictly entailed by the Will of Horatio late Earl of Orford deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom, in the first Place, in Discharge of the Incumbrances aflefting the fame, and the Residue thereof in the Purchase of other Ef-tates in the County of Norfolk, to be settled to the same Uses.

[23d Jun* 1801.]

Cap. cxx.

An Act for the Establfthment of Schools for the Education of Poor Children, in the County Palatine of Durham.

[23// June 1801.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moon, Commons, or Trade of IVafle Land, and two Parcels of Ground called the Intack or Cow Pasture, and Shaw Wood, within the several Townships of Framwellgate and Witfcon Gilbert, and in the several Manors of Chester and Lanchester, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain inclosd Intercommon Lands within the Townships of Framwellgate and Witton Gilbert aforesaid; it is among other Tilings enacted, that the Commissioners thereby appointed should set out, allot, and appoint unto the Honourable and Right Reverend Father in God Shule Lora Bishop of Durham, and his Succesors, as Lord and Lords of the Manors of Chester and Lanchester aforesaid, in full Compensation and Satisfaction for his and their Right and Interest of, in, and to the Soil of the said Moors, Commons, or Waste

Lands, and for his Consent to the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, one full forty-eighth Part or Share

in Value (the Quantity, Quality, and Situation of the Land being considered) of and in the said Moors, Common8, or Tracts of Waste Lands called Framwellgate Moor, High BraJJidc Moor, Low Braffide Moor, Harber*

house Moor, and Wellfprings Moor, situated in the said Township of Framwellgate, and of and in the said Moors,

Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, called Ftndon Hill Moor and Potter Moor; and also of and in the Moor,

Common, or Tract of Waste Land therein mentioned, to be called Charlow Moor; and should also set out, allot,

and appoint, unto the said Lord Bishop of Durham and his Successors, one twenty-fourth Part or Share in Value(the Quantity, Quality, and Situation of the Land being considered) of and in the same several Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land: And whereas the Compensation heretofore made upon the Inclosure of Commons and Waste Lands in the said County of Durham to the Lord Bishop of Durham for the Time being, as Lord of any Manor for and in lieu of the Soil of such Commons and Waste Lands, has usually been a certain Annual Rent or Sum of Four-pence or Sixpence an Acre charged upon all the Commons and Waste Lands intended to be inclosed; and upon the Increase of such Compensation to one forty-eighth Part and one twenty*

fourth Part making together one sixteenth Part of the said Commons and Waste Lands directed to be inclosed by the said recited Act, it was the Desire and Intention of the said Lord Bishop (in case the same could be properly and legally done) that only the said one forty-eighth Part of the said Moors, Commons, and Waste

Lands (being deemed equivalent to an annual Rent of Sixpence an Acre) should go and be held as Part of the Episcopal Estate of the See of Durham; and that the said one twenty-fourth Part of the said Moors*

Commons, and Waste Grounds, should be and continue vested in the Lord Bishop of Durham for the Time being, in Tmft for the Establishment and Maintenance of one or more School or Schools, for the religious and virtuous Education of poor Children of the said County Palatine of Durham, in Habits of Industry and good Order, and for instructing them in the Principles of Christianity, and in Reading, Writing, Arithmetick, and otherwise so as to prepare and qualify them for useful Employment and Occupation in Life: And whereas

such Schools are very much wanted within the said County Palatine of Durham, and would be of very great and important Benefit; but such Appropriation of the said Allotment of one twenty-fourth Part cannot be permanently made without the Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be*

enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Allotment of one twenty-fourth Part of the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands*-so directed to be made to the said Lord Bishop of Durham and his Successors as aforesaid, shall be and remain veftedin the said Lord Bishop of Durham and his Successors for ever, in Trull for the Establishment and Main* tenance of one or more School or Schools for the religious and virtuous Education of poor Children of the said County Palatine of Durham, in Habits of Industry and good Order, and for instructing them in the Principles of Christianity, and in Reading, Writing, Arithmetick, and otherwise so as to prepare and qualify them for useful Employment and Occupation in Life*

him, and his SuccetTprs, in Trull for the EAablishment of Schools.

Tiio Bishop of

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Lord Bishop of Durham, or the Lord Bishop of Durham for the Time being, shall and may and he is hereby required (with the Assent and Concurrence of the Lord Higlv Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, and tTic Lord High Treasurer, or in case of a Vacancy of that Office, the Chancellor of his Majesty's Exchequer for the Time being, and the Lord Prclident of his Majesty's Privy Council for the Time being, or any two of them) within twelve Calendar Months after the path tg of this Act, to make and establish such Laws and Regulations for the Conduct and Management of such School or Schools as aforesaid, and for the vesting the Government thereof in the Lord Bishop of Durham for the Time being (as President thereof, ) the Lord Lieutenant of the said County Palatine of Durham for the Time being, and the two Knights of the Shire serving.irx 2 Parliament

The Allotment of the one 24th Part of Commons to the Bishop of Durham, under recited Act, shall remain veiled in

Durham, with the Concurrence ot other Pet Tons, empowered to ror.ke Regulations for tire Management of the Scuuoly,

A.D. 180u 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) C.cxx. — cxxvu.

Parliament for the said County Palatine for the Time beings concurrently with such Inhabitants of the said County Palatine, and such other Persons as within six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act shall have become Subscribers or Contributors to the Funds of such School or Schools to the Amount of one Guinea or more a Year each, or of ten Guineas or more in one Sum; and for the Election or Appointment, and (Qualification, as well of the future Governors thereof as of the Committees for the Management and Direction of such School or Schools, and also for the Variation of any of their Laws and Regulations, and generally for providing for the future Government of such School or Schools, in such Manner as the said Lord Bishop, with such A (lent and Concurrence as aforesaid, shall deem to conduce moll to the Extension of useful and religious Education and Instruction among such poor Children as aforesaid, and thereby to the Prevalence of Industry, Virtue, and Religion, in the said County Palatine of Durham.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Colls, Charges, and Expencea incurred in preparing, obtaining, and passing this Act, shall be paid and defrayed by and out of the Rents and Profits of the said Trust Premise6, or by Sale or Mortgage of a competent Part thereof, as the Lord Bishop of Durham for the Time being shall direct or appoint.

IV. Saving always to the King's most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their iHeirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (other than and except the said Lord Bishop of Durham and his Successors, Bishops of Durham, ) all such Estates, Rights, Titles, Claims, and Demands, as they, every, or any of them, had or enjoyed of, in, and to, or in respect of the Premises, or any of them, or could, might, or ought to have had or enjoyed ia case this Act had not been made.

[Publick act.]

" §5 "

Cap. cxxi.

An Act for vesting the Fee Simple, and Inheritance of and in the Real Estates devised by the Will of Mary Pugh Widow, deceased, situate in the Counties of Carnarvon and Anglesey, in Trustees, and their Heirs, upon Trull, to complete the Sales, of such Parts thereof as have been foul under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and by the like Directions to fell other competent Parts thereof, for the Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances affecting. the same Estates, and for laying out the Surplus of the Money (if any) to arise from such Sales in the Maimer and for the Purposes therein expressed.

[23d June 1801.]

Cap. cxxi.

An Act to continue for twenty-one Years (a), and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in the eighth and twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Btfhoft Cqflle, and from Montgomery to the Turnpike Road at Westbury, and from Brockton to the Turnpike Road at Minflerley, in the several Counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery; and also for widening, repairing, altering, and diverting other Roads in the said Counties of Salop and Montgomery.

[24th June 1801.]

Cap. cxxiii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Turnpike Road leading from Bolton to Blackburn, at or near to the Lamb Inn, otherwise Fletcher's Publick House, in the Township of Sharpies, in the Parish of Bolton-in the-Moors, to the Turnpike Road leading from Presort to Blackburn aforesaid, at or near to Brindle Lane End, otherwise Foole Lane End, in the Township of Hoghion, in the Parish of Leylastd, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster (by.

[24th June 1801.]

Cap. cxxiv.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish oI Louth, in the County of Lincoln.

Cap. cxxv.

An Act for enabling Matthias Koopt Gentleman, to assign the Benefit of an Invention of making Paper from Straw and other Subllances to a greater Number of rexfons than is at present limited by the Letters Patent granted to the said Matthias Hoops.

[27th June 1801.]

Cap. cxxvi.

An Act for paving, (leaning, cleansing, watering, fighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Publick Places, within the Parish of Bathwick, in the County of Somerset, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions, and for dlablishing a proper ana effective Police therein.

[27th June 1801.]

Cap. cxx\ii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near the Town of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, into the Grand Surrey Canal, in the Parish of Saint Paul, Deptford, in the County of Surrey, and for supplying the Towns of Croydon, Streatham, and Dulwich, and the District called Norwood, in the Parish of Croydon, in the said County of Surrey, and the Town of Sydenham, in the County of Kent, with Water from the said CanaL [27th June 1801.]

u Certain Persons incorporated by the Name of The Company of Proprietors of the Croydon Canal, and empowered

Penalty on destroying Works Pclony, Sec.

u to make, complete, maintain, and keep navigable and pallable for Boats and other Vessels, a Canal from or frorii

near the Town of Croydon aforesaid, into and through the Parishea of Croydon, Battersea, Camberwell\ Dept-"Jonly and Rot her hi the, in the County of Surrey, and of Beckenham and Leiuisham, and the Township of Syden- ham, in the County of KenL, to and into the Grand Surrey Canal in the Parish of Saint Paul Deptford\ in the County of Surrey; and also to make and lay Aqnedudts, Pipe3, and other Conveniences, above or under Ground, from the said Canal, to and within the said several Town ships and Places of Croydon, Streatham, Dul- wish, Sydenham, and Norwood, in the Lines and Directions expressed in a Map or Plan, for supplying such Places with Water from the said Canal; and to supply the said intended Canal, and the said Aqueducts, whilst the same shall be making, and at all Times for ever alter the same shall be made, with Water from the Grand Surrey Canal, 44 &c. J 1. And also a Road to the said Canal from the High Road in Croydon. §10. Deviation near New Cross. §2. 44 Width of Canal and Towing Paths not to exceed thirty Yards generally, or one hundred Yard* in any Place. n §15. If Grand Surrey Canal (fee c. xxxi. of this Session ante) shall be completed to Deptford in three Years, the present Canal shall terminate there. §16. Croydon Canal Company may iinish a certain Part of the Surrey Canal after the said three Years. §20. The Company empowered to raise 50, 0001. by Shares of 100L 44 each. §63. And a further Sum, if necessary, not exceeding 30, 0001. by new Shares or Mortgage. §66, 44 &c. The Company empowered to take certain Tonnage Rates and Tolls for passing on the Towing Paths, 44 §85, 86. Penalty on Persons overloading and obllrudin; the PafTuge of the Canal, or overthrowing Ballad, &c. 44 therein, not exceeding 5l.; Penalty on Persons opening the Locks, or doing other Damage to the Navigation, from iol. to 40s.: And if any Person shall wilfully and maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Canal, Aque- du&8, or other Works, break, throw dow n, damage, or dcllroy any Banks, or other Works to be erc&ed and made by virtue of this Act, every such Person shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and every such Person so offend- ing, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; 44 and the Court by and before w hom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may award such Sentence as the Law' directs in Cases of Petit Larceny; or otherwise every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before on$ or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit any Sum not less than Double the Value or Amount of the Damage proved upon Oath to have been done, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices; such Penalty, together with reasonable Costs, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Offender, or such Offender shall and may be committed to the Common Gaol for the County or Place where such Offence shall happen, for any Time not exceeding four Calendar Months, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall have been convicted. §112. Saving of the Rights of the City of London, as Conservators of the Thames. $ 119. Said Canal Company shall pay to the City of London for cutting into the Thames 40l.per annum, as a Compensation for their Tolls under 17 G. 3. c. 18. — £ 120."

Cap. cxxviii.

An Act for draining, dividing, allotting and inclosing Deeping, Langtoft, Baston, Spalding, Pinchbeck and Cowbit Commons, within the Parts of Kesteven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln, and also for draining Crowland Common, or Goggushland, and certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Bourn and Thurlby, adjoining or lying contiguous to the North Bank of the River Glen, and certain inclosed Lands in Deeping Fen, and in the Parishes of Spalding and Pinchbeck, adjoining to the said Commons, and lying between the Rivers Glen and Welland, and also for rendering more effectual several Acts of Parliament heretofore passed for draining and preserving the several Lands, Grounds and Commons herein-before mentioned, or certain Parts thereof.

[27th June 1801.]

CVIII. AND, for preventing the breaking down or damaging of any of the Works which shall be erected or M jL made under the Authority and Direction of the said General or Special Commissioners or Trustees, or otherwise obstructing the Execution of the same; be it further enacted, That if any Person shall w'ilfully or mali-cioully break, throw d^wn, damage, or dcllroy any Banks or other Works to be eretled and made by virtue of this Act, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Law's and Statutes of this Realm, or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may, if they think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Felony.

44 On Persons obstructing Execution of the Act, not exceeding iol."

Cap. cxxix.

An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Paddington to Harrow^on-the-Hill, in the County of Middlesex (<-). £2 7th ^101/1801.]

J fcv 16 and 17

Car. 2. <\ II.

2 2 C. 2. c. I j.br, 11 G. 2. c. 39.

5 G. 3. c. 86. pr. jo G. 3.0.41. pr. 14 G. 3. c. 23.

Penalty on Person*destroying ihe Works Scc. >Viony# tfc.

Cap. cxxx.

An Act for paving, cleansing, watering, lighting, and otherwise improving the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Parishes of Saint Giles and Saint Mary Magdalen, in Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances

247

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. C.cxxx. — cxxxiii.

fioyances therein; and also for repairing the Rampart Road or Causeway from the said Town to the Bridge over the River Ouse, in or near thereto, and for repairing the said Bridge; and likewise for felling certain Charity Estates situate in the said Town of Stony Stratford, and in the Parishes of Calvert on and Woolverton, in the said County of Buckingham, and applying the Money arising by such Sale in the Manner therein mentioned.'[2d July 1801.]

Cap. cxxxi.

An Act for forming, paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Squares, and other publick Passages and Places which are and shall be made upon certain Pieces or Plots of Ground in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Right Honourable Ann Dowager Baroness Southampton.

[2d July 1801.]

n pertain Persons appointed Commissioners for five Years from 24th June 1801: and" afterwards the Owners of 4< the Freehold (which i3 now in Lady Southampton), and twenty-one Inhabitants, to be elected annually, shall u be Commissioners. §1 — 12. Commissioners empowered to pave, cleanse, light, watch, and water the Streets, 44 Squares, &c.: the Area of the Squares to be made under Lady Southampton's Directions. $ 13, &c. She shall be reimbursed her Expences in so doing. §48. Commissioners may borrow 50, 0001. §51 — 59. Lady Southampton empowered to place Walls, &c. at the End of the Streets adjoining the Estate6 of other Persona where there was no Communication of Way or Passage at the Time of passing this A£. §63."

Cap. cxxxii.

An Act for completing the Common Gaol now building in and for the City of Winchester, and for purchasing certain Buildings within the said City for widening the Avenues thereto.

[2d July 1801.]

Cap. cxxxiii.

An Act for vesting, for a limited Time, in the Reverend Edmund Cartwright Clerk, Matter of Arts, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property in certain Machinery by him invented for Woolcombing.

[2d July 1801.]

WHEREAS his most Excellent Majesty King George the Tlurd, by his Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the twenty-seventh Day of April, in the thirtieth Year of his Reign,

did give and grant unto the Reverend Edmund Cartwright, then of Doncaster in the County of York, but now of Saint Mary-le-Bone in the County of Middlesex, Clerk, Matter of Arts, his Executors, Administrators, and AL 4 signs, his especial Licence, full Power, foie Privilege and Authority, to make, use, exercise, and vend, certain Machinery by him invented for dressing, heckling, combing, and preparing Hemp, Flax, Wool, Hair, Silk, and Cotton, in that Part of his Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, for a Term of fourteen Years from the Date of those Presents; and by other

Letters Patent under the Great Seal aforesaid, bearing Date the eleventh Day of December, in the thirty-first Year of his said Majesty's Reign, after reciting therein that it had been represented to his said Majesty that the said Edmund Cartwright had invented certain Improvements on, and Additions to his said Machinery, for which his said Majesty had been pleased to grant the Letters Patent herein-before set forth, his said Majesty did give

and grant unto the said Edmund Cartwright, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, his especial Licence,

full Power, foie Privilege and Authority, to make, use, exercise, and vend his said Invention in England and Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, for the Term of fourteen Years from the Date of those Presents

and by other Letters Patent under the Great Seal aforesaid, bearing Date the fifteenth Day of May, in the thirty-second Year of his said Majesty's Reign, after reciting therein that it had been represented to his said Majesty that the said Edmund Cartwright had invented Improvements upon and Additions to Machinery by him already invented (and for which he had at sundry Times obtained his Majesty's Letters Patent) for manufactureing and fabricating Wool, Hemp, Flax, Silk, Hair, and Cotton, from the raw State of each respective 1 Article, till made into ^arn, Twill, Cords, Ropes, and Cables, and till perfected in the Loom, and cut for raising a Pile, his said Majesty did give and grant unto the said Edmund Cartwright, his Executors, Admini-

stratore, and Assigns, his especial Licence, full Power, foie Privilege and Authority, to make, use, exercise, and vend his said Invention in England and Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, for the Term of fourteen Years from the Date of those Presents: And whereas his said most Excellent Majesty, by his other Letters Patent under the Seal appointed by the Treaty of Union to be kept and used in Scotland in Place of the Great Seal formerly used there, bearing Date the twenty-third Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety, in the said thirty-first Year of his Reign, did give and grant unto the said Edmund Cartwright, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, his especial Licence, full Power, foie Privilege and Authority, to make, use, and vend his Machinery for manufacturing and fabricating Wool, Hemp, Flax, Silk, Hair, and Cotton, from the raw State of each respective Article, till perfected in the Loom, within that Part of his Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Term of fourteen Years from the Date of those Presents: And whereas in the said recited Letters Patent respectively, were contained Provisoes obliging the said Edmund Cartwright to describe and ascertain the Nature of his said Inventions, and in what Manner the same were to be performed, by Instruments iti Writing under his Hand and Seal, to be respectively inrolled as herein after is expressed; namely,

the Instruments describing the Inventions which were the Objects of the said three first recited Letters Patent,

4 to be inrolled in the High Court of Chancery in England, within one Calendar Month from the Dates of the said Letters Patent respectively > and the Inilruinent describing the Invention which was the Objefo of the said last recited Letters Patent, to be inrolled in the Court of Chancery in Scotland, within four Calendar Months from the Date thereof: And whereas the said Edmund Cartwright did accordingly, in

His Majesty's Patent, 30 G. j-to Mr. Cartwright for his Machinery;

another Patent 3t C. 3. for Improvement? to-his Maelmiery; and

another Fhtenr 31 G. 3. for further Improvements.

His Majesty's Patent lot .Wfc. lend.

pursuance of the said respective Prorifoes, and within the respective Times so limited as aforesaid, cause parti-cular Descriptions or Specifications of his said Inventidhs to be respectively inrolled in the said Courta of Chancer)' in England and in Scotland, in and by instruments in Writing under hie Hand and Seal: And whereas in consequence of the valuable Nature of his said Inventions, the said Edmund Cartwright hath been exposed to sundry Invasions of his Property therein, by Persons falsely pretending themselves to have been Authors of the said Inventions or some of them; and hath in one Indance, in order to obtain Satisfaction for such an Invasion, been put to great Trouble and Vexation and Expence, in prosecuting a Suit at Law, which required Attendances in London of many Witnesses on his Behalf, at different Times, and from several distant Counties: And whereas the said Edmund Cartwright has bellowed much Study and Labour, and ha6 devoted a very considerable Portion of his Life, and has also expended very large Sums of Money', and involved himself deeply in Debt, in bringing his said Inventions, and particularly his Inventions relating to the Art or Business of Woolcombing, to their present State of Perfectiou, and in prosecuting his said Suit at Law; and the said Edmund Cartwright is therefore induced to apply to the Legislatiue to have the several Terms of Years granted by the said recked Letters Patent, so far as relates to such of his said Inventions as are applicable to the Art or Business of Wool-combing, prolonged, and the foie and exclusive Property therein secured throughout that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, without which he will not only be unable to reiinburfe himself the heavy Expences he has incurred, and will receive no Recompence or Remuneration whatever for his Time, Study, and Labour, but will be.wholly unable even to pay and satisfy the said Debts contracted ty him in prosecuting and bringing to Perfection and making publick his said Inventions: To the End therefore that the said Edmund Cartwright may be enabled by such Prolongation of the several Terms granted by the said recited Letters Patent as aforesaid, to pay and satisfy the said Debts so contracted by liiin as aforesaid, and also to obtain an adequate Recompence for his Study, Labour, Time, and Expence, aiul a suitable Remuneration for the Services he has by his laid Inventions rendered to the Publick: May it pkafe y our Majesty, (at the humble Petition and Request of the said Edmund Cartwright), that it may be enacted, ' 8cc.

[Publick Act.]

The foie Right to all his Machines and Inventions, so far as they relate to the Business of Woolcombing, vested in Mr. Cartwright, &c. for fqprteen Years. §1. Mr .Cartwright shall inrol further Specifications of his Inventions with respect to Woolcombing. $ 2. Anyr Persons may fell Woolcombing Machinery, not of the Invention of Edmund Cartwright. §3. The Right to Invention shall not be transferred to more than five Persons at one Time, nor to any Persons as a Body Corporate: or in any Manner contrary to Stat. 6 G. r. c. 18. — h 4. Claims of Mr. Cartwright's Creditors, See. shall remain in Force. §5. Certain Letters Patent of William Toplis, for preparing Wool, &c. for Spinning, shall not be affected. §6. Former Agreements, &c. for the Use of Mr. Cartwright's Machines valid. §7. All Objections against Patents shall be competent against this Act, except the Term. §8. $ 9."

Cap. cxxxiv.

[7 G. 3. c. 97.] An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Hull and Frodingham Beck, from Aike Beck Mouth to the Clough on the East Comer of Fisholme; and for extending the said Navigation from the said Clough into or near the Town of Great Driffield, in the East Riding of the County of York; and to extend and improve the said Navigation.

[2d July 1801.]

Cap. cxxxv.

[ W 1 G. 3- An Act for the better and more effectually draining certain Tracts of Land called IVildmore Fen, and the West c. 32 J and East Fens, in the County of Lincoln, and also the Low Lands and Grounds in the several Parishes, Town-

ships, and Places, having Right of Common on the said Fens, and other Low Lands and Grounds lying contiguous or adjoining thereto' [2d July 1801.]

Penalty for damaging' Works, See. Felony, 3ct.

LXI. AND for preventing the breaking down or damaging any of the Works which shall be made or altered JlJl in pursuance of this Act, or otherwise obstructing the Execution of the same, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully or designedly demolish, pull down, break, spoil, or otherwise destroy or damage any Cut, Drain, Dam, Bank, Aqueduct, Culvert, Outlet, Sluice, Gowt, Clough, Engine, Bridge, Tunnel, or other Works which shall at any TLime or Times hereafter be made t)r erected for the Purposes of this Act, all and every Person and Persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be punished in such Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or the Court may and are hereby empowered, if they shall think fit, in Mitigation of such Punishment, to award and impose such Fine or Imprisonment as such Court shall judge expedient.

u Persons obstructing the Execution of the Act shall forfeit treble Damages. §61."

Cap. cxxxvi.

[36 G. 3. c. 99.] An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the thirtyr-sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for the more effectually embanking, draining, preferring, and improving certain Low Lands and Grounds, lying and being in the several Panihes or Township of Everton, Scaftworlh, Gnnglcy-on-the-Hill, Mijlerton, and Walkeringham, in the County of Nottingham.

[2d July 1801.]

Punishment of* XXI. AND be it further enacted, That so much of the said former Act, as directs, that if any Person Felony on Per- JLJl shall wilfully or maliciously cut, lay open* throw down, or destroy any Bank, or Clough, or other

dn, nS to erc^c(*> raade, or continued, in pursuance of the said former Act, and be thereof lawfully con-

C ioJ, n? ri£ted.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEORGII III. (U.K.) C.cxxxvi. — cxl.

vifted, every such Person To offending shall be adjudged guihy of Felony, and shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in case of Felony, shall be repealed, and, instead thereof, all and every Person or Persons who shall at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully and maliciously cut, throw down, bum, or otherwise damage or destroy, any Bank, Drain, Dam, Engine, Floodgate, Clough, or other Work or Works, erected or made, or to be erected or made, or which shall at any Time hereafter be making or erecting, for the draining, preserving, or improving the said Lands and Grounds, or any Part thereof, and shall thereof be lawfully convicted, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall be subject and liable to the Pain, Penalty, and Punishment of Fine or imprisonment, and the Courts by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried, shall have full Power and Authority to convict and punish him and them accordingly.

Cap. cxxxvii.'1

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, (a) and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Gate on the Turnpike Road at or neat the South End of the Town of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford\ id the Turnpike Road on Kidlington Green, in the said County.

[2d July 1801.]

Cap. cXxxviii.

An Act for empowering certain Trustees therein named, to carry into Execution an Agreement made by Arthur Annejley of Bletchtngton Pari, in the County of Oxford\ Esquire, and Thomas Bradford of Ashdown Park, in the County of Sussex, Esquire, for the Sale of the settled Estates of the said Arthur Annejley, situate in the County of Tor hi discharged of the Limitations created by his Marriage Settlement, and to lay out a Part of the Monies to arise from the Sale thereof in paying off certain Incumbrances affecting a Part of the Estates to which the said Arthur Annejley of Bletchtngton, and his Issue Male, are entitled under the Will of Arthur Annejley, late of Lincoln's Inn Fields, Esquire, deceased, and other Part thereof in the Purchase of Estates situate in the said County of Oxford, or in the adjoining Counties, to be settled to the same Uses as by the said Settlement are limited concerning the settled Estates of the said Arthur Annejley of Bletchtngton^ in the said County of Oxford; and for other Purposes.

[2d July 1801.]

Cap. cxxxix.

An Act for confirming certain Indentures of Lease and Release, dated the thirteenth and fourteenth Days of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, whereby several Manors and Real Estates late of Sir Nicholas Hachett Carew, Baronet, deceased, situate in the County of Surrey, were conveyed upon certain Trusts in such Indentures mentioned; for enabling the Trustees named in the said Indentures to convey, settle, and assure the said Manors and Real Estates to certain remaining Uses, conformable to the last Will and Testament of the said Sir Nicholas Hachett Carew; for enabling Richard Carew Esquire, and the succes-five remaining Takers under the said Will, to grant Leases of the said Real Estates; for veiling certain Parts of the said Real Estates in Trustees, in Trust, to be sold; for authorizing the Sale, Release, or Extinguifti-ment of the several Quit Rents, Heriot Rights, and other Dues, payable by the Freehold, of, and Customary Tenants of the said Manors respectively; and also the enfranchising, or reducing to small Fines certain, the several Customary or of Estates holden of the same Manors respectively; and for applying the Monies arising by the said Matters respectively in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, [2d July 1801.]

Cap. cxl.

An Act for changing the Scite of Downing College, in the University of Cambridge, and for providing a Fund for the Purchase of such Scite, and erecting the proper Buildings thereon.

[2d July 1801.]

WHEREAS Sir George Downing, late of Gamlingay Pari, in the County of Cambridge, Baronet, deceased, by his last Will and Testament, bearing Date on or about the twentieth Day of Decembert 1 in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, gave and devised all and singular his

Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, both Freehold and of, as well as Leasehold, fog

Years, in the several Counties of Cambridge, Bedford, and Sujfolh, and elsewhere, with their Appurtenances,

unto certain Trustees therein named, all of whom died in the Lifetime of the said Testator, to hold all such

of the fanl Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereof the said Testator was seised of any

Estate of Inheritance or Freehold, unto the said Trustees and their Heirs, to certain Uses, which have since

determined or become incapable of taking Effect; and from and after the Determination thereof, and subject

thereto, to the Use and Behoof of the said Trustees and their Heirs, in Trust, that they should as soon as might be, by, with, and out of the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the Premises, buy and purchase the Inhc- ritance and Fee Simple of some Piece of Ground lying and being within the Town of Cambridge, proper and convenient for the erecting and building a College, and thereon mould erect and build all such Houses, Edi-r

fices, and Buildings, as should be fit and requisite for that Purpose; which College should be called by the

Name of Downing College; and his Will was, that a Charter Royal should be sued for and obtained for the

founding such College, and incorporating a Body Collegiate by that Name, in and within the University of

Cambridge; which College or Collegiate Body should consist of such Head or Governor, and of such

Fellows, Scholars, Members, and other Persons for the Time being, and should be maintained, governed, and ordered by such Laws, Rules, and Orders, and in such Manner, and therein should be professed and taught

such useful Learning, a* his said Trustees or their Heirs, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the

mod Reverend the Archbishops of Canterbury and Torhy and the Masters of Saint John's College and Clar4

Hally in the said University of Cambridge, in being at the Time of the founding of the said College* should

4) Geo. I IT. (U.K.) Kk - " "*'di/eft,

t

249

the Werks under 36 G. 3. c. 99. repealed; and such Persons pun i foible as for Mi (demeanors.

[210. 3- c. S". J

Will .( Sir George Downing, dated toiH Dec. 17x7.

K

C. cxl.

«S0

41° GEORGII III. (JJ. K.) A.D. 1801.

Death of Sir Geo. Downing. Proceedings in Chancery.

Decree 3d July

*769.

Decretal Order, 16th Feb. 1795.

Contrail entered into by the Heir* at Law of the Testator for Oround whereon to build the College.

Conveyance to them of Tilt h Ground.

His Majesty's Charter, dated &2d Sept. 1800.

<Krcd, prescribe, and appoint; and immediately from and after (he founding and incorporating such College or Body Collegiate as aforesaid, the said Trustees and their Heirs should stand and be seised of all and Angular the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trust, for the said Collegiate Body and ther Successors for ever; and as for and concerning such of the said Manors, Lands, and Prejnifes whereof or wherein the said Testator was possessed of any Estate for any Term or Terms of Years, he declared and appointed that the said Trustees, their Executors and Administrators, should stand possessed thereof, in Trust, from Time to Time to assign the same unto such Person or Persons as should be entitled to the actual Possession of his Lands of Inheritance by virtue of the Limitations before-mentioned: And whereas the said Testator Sir George Downing died in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine: And whereas in or about the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, an Information was exhibited in the High Court of Chancery by his Majesty's then Attorney General, at the Relation of the Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars of the said University of Cambridge* against Dame Margaret Downing, Widow, (afterwards the wife of George Bowyer, Esquire, who became Sir George Botvyer baronet, and is since deeeaftd) and the Persons who were then the Heirs at Law of the said Sir George Downing, and divers other Persons, and by the Decree pronounced on the Hearing of the said Cause, bearing Date the third Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, the then Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain did declare the Will of the said Testator Sir George Downing, and a Codicil thereto, well proved, and that the same ought to be established, and the Trusts thereof performed and carried into Execution, particularly the Trails of the said Charity, in case his Majesty should be pleased to grant his Royal Charter to incorporate the said College, and his Royal Licence for such incorporated College to take the aev&d Preraifes in Mortmain, and did decree the same accordingly; and the Defendants, the Heirs at Law of the said Testator, were to be at Liberty to apply to the Crown for that Purpose $ and his Lordship did declare that the Freehold Estates purchased by the said Testator, after making of the said Will, did not pass by virtue of the Codicil, the Will not being thereby republished, and that the Leases which were renewed or run out after the making the Will, and before the said Testator's Death, did not pass by the Will, but fell into the Residue of the said Testatoris Personal Estate; and that the of Estates of the said Testator, not surrendered to the Use of his Will, defeended to his Heir at Law, and Directions were given for Enquiries touching the Annual Value of the Premises devised to the Charity, in order to enable the Heirs at Law of the Testator to form a Judgment what Number of Fellows and Scholars could be maintained by the Endowment; and the said Heirs at Law of the said Testator were to be at Liberty to contrail for a Piece of Ground within the said University of Cambridge, whereon to found the said College, conditionally, in case the Charter and Licence should be granted by his said Majesty: And whereas the said Suit and Proceedings having from Time to Time become abated by the Deaths of several of the Parties thereto, several Informations of Revivor and Supplement were afterwards filed by the then Attorney General, at the Relation of the Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars of the said University of Cambridge, against the Persons who from Time to Time were the Heirs at Law of the said Sir George Downing, and all necessary Parties; and by a Decretal Order, made on the Hearing of the said several Informations of Revivor and Supplement on the sixteenth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, the said former Decree of the third Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, was ordered to be prosecuted against the several Parties thereto, in like Manner as was thereby directed against the Parties to the original Cause: And whereas Sir George Comewall, Baronet, and Dame Catherine his Wife, Mary Goate Widow, Francis Annejley, and William Henry Scourfield Esquires, (which said Dame Catherine Comewall, Mary Goate, Francis Annejley, and William Henry Scourfield, arc the present Heirs at Law of the said Testator Sir George Downing j did contrail and agree for the Purchase of the Fee Simple and Inheritance in Possession of a certain Piece of Ground within the said Town and University'of Cambridge, called Dolls Close, as a Scite whereon to found the said intended College, conditionally, in case his Majesty should be graciously pleased to grant his Royal Charter to incorporate the said College, and his Royal Licence to such incorporated College to nold Lands m Mortmain 5 which Contrail was afterwards submitted to, and approved by the then Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain: And whereas by Indentures of Lease and Re-lease inrolled in the High Court of Chancery, bearing Date respectively the fourteenth and fifteenth Days of July one thousand eight hundred, the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgefiesot the said Town of Cambridge did, for the Considerations therein mentioned, grant, release, and convey the said Piece of Ground called Dolls Close, with the Appurtenances, unto and to the Use of the said Sir George Comewall and Dame Catherine his Wife, Mary Goate, Francis Annejley, and William Henry Scourfield, their Heirs and Assigns: And whereas by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at Westminster the twenty-second X>ay of September, in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred, after reciting as or to the ilffeil herein-before recited, his said Majesty did, of his special Grace, certain Knowledge, and mere Motion, for himself, his Heirs and Successors, will, ordain, constitute, establish, declare, and appoint, that in and upon the said Piece of Ground called Dolls Close, so purchased by the Heirs at Law of the said Testator Sir George Downing as aforesaid, there should and might be erected and established one perpetual College for Students in Law, Physick, and other useful Arts and Learning, which College should be called by the Name of Downing College, in the University of Cambridge, and should consist of one Mailer, two Professors; (that is to say) a Professor of the Laws of England, and a Professor of Medicine, and sixteen Fellows (two of whom should be in Holy Orders, and the rtll Laymen), and of such a Number of Scholars as should thereafter be agreed on and settled by the Statutes of the said College > and (among other Privileges, Liberties, Franchises, Powers, and Authorities therein granted to the said Master, rroferfors, Fellows, and Scholars of the said College) his said Majesty did for himself, his Heirs and Successors, will, declare, and establish, that the said Matter, ProfeFo.s, Fellows, and Scholars, and their Successors fur ocr, should be o.ie distinct and separate Body Politick and Corporate in Deed and in Name, by the Name .* 3 4*ad

*5*

£_D. i8or. 41' GEORGII III. (J7.AT.) C.cxL — cxlii.

and Stik of The Master, Professors, Fellows, and Scholars ef Downing College, in the Univer/tty of Cambridge* ' most that by the lame Name they should have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and that by the same ' Name the said Matter, Professors, Fellows, and Scholars, and their Successors, from Time to Time, and at 'all Timet thereafter. Humid be a Body Politick and Corporate in Deed and in Law, and be able and capable ' to have, take, receive, hold, possess, enjoy, and retain to and for the Use of the said College, all and every ' the Freehold, of, and Leasehold Manors, Advowsons, Messuages, Lands, Rents, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Possessions so given and deviled by the Will of the said Sir George Downing, in Manner ' herein-before mentioned, together with the hud Piece of Ground called Dolls Close, and also to take, purchase, acquire, have, hold, enjoy, receive, possess, and retain, not with (landing any such Statute or Statutes ' of Mortmain to the contrary, any other Manors, Re&ories, Advowsons, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, ' Rents, and Hereditaments of what Kind, Nature, or Quality soever, for the Use of the said College, so 'that the same did not exceed the yearly Value of one themfand five hundred Pounds above all Charges and ' Reprises; and his said Majesty did thereby for himself, his Heirs and Successors, order and direct that the said College should be deemed and taken to be Part and Parcel of his said University of Cambridge, and ' should be united and annexed to and incorporated therewith, and enjoy all the Privileges of the said Univer*

fity; and his said Majesty did thereby for himself, his Heirs and Successors, give and grant to the Matter, ' Profcflbrs, Fellows, and Scholars of the said College and their Successors, that they and every of them

should and might individually have, hold, take, and enjoy within the University of Cambridge aforesaid, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, all and Angular such and the feme Privileges, Franchises, and Liberties, «and in as fulhand aftrole Manner and Form, and should be subject to aQ such Discipline, Order, and Government as any Matter, rrofeffor, or any Warden, Provost, Principal, or Doctor of any other College in the said University of Cambridge, and their Fellows and Scholars, Officers and Ministers, or any of them within the said University, .by reason of any Charter, Gift, or Grant, or Charters, Gifts, or Grants by his said Majesty, or any of his Progenitors theretofore made or granted to the same University, or by reason of any

Prescription, Custom, or other lawful Title or Ordinance whatsoever, had, taken, held, or enjoyed, or been«subject to, or ought to have had, taken, held, or enjoyed, or been subject to; and in order the better to carry this said Majesty* Will and Intention into Execution in that Behalf, his said Majesty did for himself, his Heir* ' and Successors, make, align, nominate, conftkute, and appoint Fronds dnnefUy Doctor of Laws in the said«University, first and modem Matter of the aforesaid College, and Edward Christian Esquire, Matter of Ait*

in the said University, and Bamfter at Law, to be the first Profrflbr of the Laws of England, and Bvfnk«Harwood Doctor in Physick, to be the first Professor of Medicine in the said College; and his said Majesty«did likewise make, assign, nominate, constitute, and appoint John Lens Serjeant at Law, and William Meckel

Banrifter at Law, Matters of Arts in the said Univenity, ana William Frere Batchelor of Arts in the said«University, and such thirteen other Persons, to be qualified in Manner therein-after prescribed respecting the

Elections of the future Fellows of the said College, as his said Majesty should, after the necessary Buildings

for the fiud College should have been erected, by Writing under his Sign Manual nominate and appoint to be «the first and modern Fellows of the said College; and his said Majesty did thereby further will, declare, and«direct, that out of the Revenues of the said College, there should be in the first Place set apart so much al

(herald be necessary to be applied in erecting proper Buildings for the Arid College, together with any other«Foods applicable for that rurpose, under the Direction of the said Court of Chancery; and his said Majesty

did thereby reserve to himself, his Heirs and Successors, all visitatorial Power and Authority over the fold«CoQtfe: And whereas it is apprehended that some other Piece of Ground within the said Town of Cambridge

may & found more suitable and convenient than the said Piece of Ground called Dolls Close, for the feite of the

Buildings necessary and proper for the said College $ but the said Letters Patent, in Conformity to the said

Testator's Will, and the said Decree having authorized the Erection and Establishment of the said College oa % the said Piece of Ground called Dolls Close, so purchased as aforesaid, with the Approbation of the said Court of Chancery, and not elsewhere, it is conceivea that the Scite of the said College cannot be changed without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enadea/ &c.

" Power given to the College to purchase a new Scite under thoDiredion of the Court of Chancery. §1. And " after the Completion of such Purchase, to fell Dolls Close. §2 — 6. Power given to the College, under the " Direction of the Court of Chancery, to bqrrow Money upon Mortgage for defraying the Expence of the

Building, and for paying off a former Loan. §7, See."

Cap. cxli.

An Act for dividing and allotting a certain Fen, called Wildmore Fen, in the County of Lincoln.

[adJWyi8oi.3

Cap. cxlii.

An Act for dividing and allotting certain Fens, called The East and West Fens, in the County of Lincoln.

[ad July 1801# J

WHEREAS there are certain Trails of Fen* Lands, Moors or Marsh Grounds, in the County of Lincoln, ' W called the Eaf and West Fens, containing together twenty-nine thousand three hundred and forty-eight r Aeirt, or thereabouts: And whereas the King's most Excellent Majesty, in Right of hi* Duchy of Lancaster,

as Lon! of the Manor and Soke of Bolingbroke, ii> the said County of Lincoln, is entitled to the Soil of the

fold Fen* nefpedWely, and also to the Right of Brovage or Agiftmetit of Cattle, in, over, and upon the fame* ' tad other Maoeriai Right and Privileges therein, ' dec.

Direction* for dividing the said Fens. §1, &c."

Kki XXXVI. And

Allotment of one Twentieth in Value to the King's Majesty, as Lord of the Soil, and in Right of Bro-vage.

[ryC.j. c. 17.]

Allotments to his Majesty and Lords of the Manors.

uit Rents exonerated.

XXXVL. And be it further enacted, That after allotting such Part or Parts of the Cud Fens as shall be ap* propriated for defraying the Expences of obtaining this Act, and carrying the same into Execution, pursuant to the Directions herein-before contained, and after the said publick and private Roads, Ways, Drains, and Watercourses shall have been set out and appointed as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to set out and allot unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, such Plot or Pared, Plots or Parcels of Land in the said Fens, or one of them, as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioners' (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered, ) be equal in Value to one full twentieth Part of the (rid Fens* that shall remain after disposing of such Parti thereof as shall be appropriated for the Purposes aforesaid, in lieu of and as a fnll Satisfaction, Compensation, and Extinguishment of and for all and all Manner of Manerial' Rights and Claims, including Brovage or Agiilment, fur all Manner of Cattle, in, over, and upon the said Fens respectively, which his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall or may have or claim, or be entitled to in Right of his said Duchy of Lancaster, or a3 Lord of the said Manor and Soke of Bolingbroke* or which any other Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any other Manor or Manors, Seignory or Scignories, shall or may" have or claim in, over, and upon the said Fens hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part or Party thereof, and all Mines and Quarries of what Nature or Kind loever, that may hereafter be found and opened under the Soil of the said Fen9, or any Part thereof respectively, and also in full Satisfaction and Compensation of and for all future Improvements, Benefits, and Advantages whatsoever, that may hereafter arise or be made by any further Alterations or other Dispositions of the said Fens than what are, intended to be made by this Act.

One Part of the Commissioners' Award shall be deposited in the Office of the Clerk of the Council of the

Duchy of Lancaster. §43."

Cap. cxliii.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Marshes, and Lammas Grounds*

Chafe Allotment, and other Commonable and Waile Lands, within the Parish of Enfield, in the County of

Middlesex.

[2d July 1801.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, several Open and Common Fields, Common Marshes, and other Commonable and Waile Lands, containing together,

4 by Estimation, three thousand five hundred and forty Acres, or thereabouts: And whereas by an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for dividing the Chafe of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; it wa*

amongst other Things enacted, that a certain Portion of Land, therein particularly mentioned and described, f containing one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two Acres, two Roods, and fix Poles, and the Incroach*

ments, Timber Trees, and other Trees, Tellers, and Saplings thereon (except as therein mentioned) should,

from and after the passing the said Act, become and from thenceforth be vested in the Churchwardens of the said Parish of Enfield for the Time being, and their Successors, in Trull for the foie Benefit of the Owner*

and Proprietors of Freehold and of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Parish of Enfield,

their Heirs and Assigns, and their Lessees, Tenants, and Under-tenants for the Time being, entitled to a 4 Right of Common or other Rights within the said Chafe, according to their several Estates and Interest*

therein (of which Quantity two hundred Acres have been since fold or leased, and are Tythe-free): And Lwhereas the King's most Excellent Majesty, in Right of his Duchy of I.aneafier, is seised to him, his Heir*

and Successors, of, in, and to the Manor and Manorial Rights of Enfield, in the said County, whereof the said Enfield Allotment is Part and Parcel, and whereof Sir Richard Gamon Baronet, and James Henry Leigh*

Esquire, Committees of the most Noble Anna Elixa Duchess Dowager of Chandos are Lessees.'See.

Commissioners appointed for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, §1. See."

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to set out, allot, assign, and award, unto and for the King's most Excellent Majesty, Lord of the said Manor of Enfield* and his Lessees as aforesaid, and also unto the Mailer and Fellows of Trinity College, and unto the said Rawson Hart Boddam* James Meyer* and Newel Con nop* Esquires, and Elizabeth Stroth off ref-peAively, as Lords and Lady of the said Manors within the said Parish of Enfield* one eighteenth Part of the said Waste Lands, except the said Chafe Allotment, as a full Compensation and Satisfaction of and in lieu of their respective Rights to the said Soil, and other Manerial Rights and Interest of the King's merst Excellent' Majesty, and the said Matter and Fellows of Trinity College* and the said Rawson Hart Boddam* Janies Meyer, Newell Connop* and Elizabeth Strothojf* as Lords and Lady of the said Manors, in and to the Sou of the said Commons and Waste Lands; which Allotment shall thereupon by the said Commissioners be divided between the King's most Excellent Majesty, and his Lessees as aforesaid, and the said other Lords and Lady, in Proportion to their several and respective Rights and Interests in the said Soil of the said Waste Lands, within their respective Manors.

LVIII. And whereas certain Quit Rents and Fee Farm Rents are issuing out of several Estates in the Parish of Enfield aforesaid, and payable to the King's most Excellent Majesty, who is seised of the same to himself, his Heirs and Successors in Fee Simple, being Parcel of the Estates and Possessions of the Duchy of Lancaster, amounting to fourteen Pounds thirteen Shillings and Seven-pence, or thereabouts, and it hath been agreed that the said respective Estates shall be exonerated and discharged, from the Payment of the said several Quit Rent* and Fee Farm Rents, and an Equivalent given to his said Majesty, who is so entitled thereto as aforesaid; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to set out and allot to the said King's most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as Proprietor of and entitled to the said Fee Farm Rents and Quit Rents as aforesaid, or his said 7 Lessees

A.D. 180r. 4»* GEORGII III. C.criiii. — cxlvi.

Lessees as aforesaid, such Plots or Parcels of the fipd Lands and Grounds called The Enfield Allotment* intended to be divided and indofed, as in the Judgment of the said Commissioners shall be equal in Value to the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the Amount of the said Quit Renta and Fee Farm Rents, now paid or payable to the said King's most Excellent Majesty, or his Letters as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners are hereby also empowered and required to ascertain and determine the annual Amount of the Quit Rent or Quit Rents, Fee Farm Rent or Fee Farm Rents, payable by the respective Proprietors, and to aeduft the Value of the Fee Simple of such Quit Rent or Quit Rents, Fee Farm Rent or Fee Farm Rents, from the respective Allotments to be made to eaclT of such Proprietors: and their respective ERates shall from thenceforth, or from such other Time as the said Commissioners shall appoint, be exonerated and for ever discharged from the Payment of such Quit Rents or Fee Farm Rents respectively.

" Ext raft of the Award, as respects the King's Allotment, shall be made and transjnitted to the Clerk of the Council of the Duchy, §65."

Cap. cxliv.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Commons and other Commonable Lands, in the Parochial Chapelries of Lamejley and Tanfeld, or one of them, in the County of Durham.

[2d July 1801.]

Cap. cxlv.

An Act for Extinguishing the Rights of Common, and other Rights, in and over certain Lands* called Saint Thomas'/ Leys, otherwise Pembroke Leys, in the several Pari (he s of Saint Botolph, Saint Andrew the Great % Saint Benedict and Saistt Mary the Left, in the Town of Cambridge.

[2d July 1801.]

Cap. cxlvi.

An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act, passed in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty* intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows y and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, and also the WaRe Lands and Grounds, within the several Parishes of Hanworth, Feltham, and Sunbury, in the County of Middlesex, as authorizes and requires the Commissioners to make a certain Allotment therein mentioned to Edmund Hill as Lord of the said Manor.

[2d July 1801.]

r.'.; .'j V. / V. .HI UOS\K. '

1 J.

THE

ST AT U T E S at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis, Quadragesimo secundo.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the twenty-second Day of January, Anno Domini

One thousand eight hundred and one, in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord

GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith.

And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the twenty-ninth Day of 03oher One thousand eight hundred and one; being the Second Session of the First Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland!

W1

CAP. L

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and two.

[21st November 1801.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Rates, Duties, and Impositions, herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, within and throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, the several and respective Rates, Duties, and Impositions, for and upon all Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, in and by One Act of Parliament, passed in the First Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty-one, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-two; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the Second Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-three; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the Third Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-four; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the Fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the Fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-six; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the Sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven; and which by One other Act made and passed in the Seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, w'ere granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the Eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the Ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to His Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred andleventy; and which by one other Act, made and passed in the Tenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the Eleventh Yeajr of his Majesty's Reign, 41 Geo. III. LI were

Malt Act of 1 G. 3. c. 3. continued by various Annud Act, viz.

2 G. 3. c. 4.

3 G. 3. c. 1. 4G. 3. c. 1.

5 G. 3. c. u

6 G. 3. c. 2.

7 G. 2. c. 6.

8 G. 3. c. 4.

9 G. 3. c. a.

10 G. 3. c.

11 G. 3. c. u

4iG. j, «. 6.

*3 G. 3. c. 6.

14 G. 3-c. c.

15 G. 3. c. 2.

j6 G. 3. c. 1.

17 G. 3. c. 2.

18 G.3- c. 3.

19 G. 3. c. 3.

20 G. 3. c. 3. ai C. 3. c. 4. li G. 3. c. 3* 23 G. 3.^4.

24G.3.S&1.C. 1.

25 G. 3. c. 2.

26 G. 3. c. 6.

27 G. 3. c. 4-aS G. 3. c. 1.

29 G. 3. c. 10.

30 G. 3. c.-3.

31 G. 3. c. 7.

32 G. 3. c. 18.

33 G. 3. c. n.

34 G. 3- c. 7.

35 G. 3.C. 1.

36 p. 3. c. 1.

37 G. 3, c. i.

38 Q. 3* c. 4.

39 G. 3. c. 2.

39 and 40 G. 3. C. 2.

4* G. 3. (G. B.) c. 7.

Further continued tilt June N

*4» 1*03.

C. i» 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1801.

were gitmted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ferenty-two; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the Twelfth Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the Thirteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the Fourteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and seventy-five; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the Fifteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and seventy-six $ and which by One other Act, made and passed in the Sixteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the Seventeenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the Eighteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousan&. seven hundred and seventy-nine; and which by One other Act made and passed in the Nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eighty; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the Twentieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand feveif hundred and eighty-one; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the Twenty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the twenty-second Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the Twenty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; and which by_One other Act, made and passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One tfcoufand seven hundred and eighty-five; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the twenty-fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, unflil the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eighty-six; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven; and which by One other Act» made and passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, weie granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued tQ his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the Thirtieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the Thirty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-two; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the Thirty-second Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the Thirty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the Thirty-uxth Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and which by one other Act, made and passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of his Mmefty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the Fortieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, ivere granted or continued to his Majesty until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and one; and which by One other Act, made and passed in the Forty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, shall be further continued in like Manner; and shall be, and are by this Act, charged for or upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made and imported* and ail Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon-T<weedt from and after the Twenty* third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, and before the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three.

A.D. 1801. 42 GEORGII III. C. i.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, within and throughout that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, there shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and satisfied, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, the several and respective Rates, Duties, and Impositions, herein after mentioned; (that is to say, )

For and upon every Bushel of Malt, which at any Time or Times, from and after the twenty-third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, and before the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight Hundred and three, shall be made of Barley, or any other Corn or Grain, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, (whether the same shall be or not be for Sale, ) the Sum of Threepence, and so proportionably for a greater or less Quantity; to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively:

For every Barrel of Mum, which at any Time or Times, from and after the said twenty-third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, and before the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred arnd three, shall be made or imported within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Sum of ten Shillings, ver and above all Duties payable for the same

For all Cyder and Perry, which at any Time or Times, from and after the said twenty-third of June One thousand eight hundred and two, and before the said twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, shall be made for Sale within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, (over and above all other Duties payable for Cyder and Perry made and sold by Retail, ) the Sum of four Shillings for every Hogshead, and so in proportion for a greater or less Quantity; to be paid by the respective first Buyers or Retailers thereof.

Which laid several and respectiveDuties, by this Act granted ana continued respectively, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, during the Time and Term aforesaid, by the lame Ways, Means, and Methods, and by such Rules and Directions, and with such and the like Allowances and Repayments proportionably, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power of Mitigation, and other Powers in all Respects not otherwise directed by this Act, as are preforibed, mentioned, or expressed, in the said former Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament thereby referred unto, or any of them, for or concerning the Duties by them, or any of them, granted or continued} and that the same Act formerly made and paffca, and the said other Acts hereby referred unto, as for and concerning the said Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, and every Article, Rule, Clause, Matter, and Thing, in them or any of them contained, or thereby referred unto, and now being in Force, and not otherwise altered by this Act, shall be and continue in full Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, for raising, levying, collecting, securing, aid accounting for the Rates, Duties, and Impositions, hereby granted and continued respectively, and for levying and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures, and making any Mitigations, and proportional Allowances, and all Other Matters and Things, during the Continuance of this Act, as fully as if the same were particularly and at large repeated in the Body of this present Act; save and except as to so much of the said Acts, or either of them, herein mentioned or referred unto, as gave Power to the Commissioners of Excise, or to any other Person or Persons therein named, in England and Scotland respectively, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons for the Duties of such Malt which should grow due or payable from him, her, or them, by the said Acts, or either of them; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas it is the true Intent and Meaning of this present Act, that the full and entire Sum of

Twenty thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, clear of all Charges and Expences of Manage-

pent and Collection, shall be raised out of that Part of Great Britain Called Scotland, for the Service of the

Year One thousand eight hundred and twp, by the said Duties upon Mum, Cyder, and Perry, to be charged

there, as aforesaid, and by a Malt Tax to be raised and levied as in England, by a Duty of Threepence per

Bushel on all Malt made and consumed in Scotland: And in case the said Duties upon Mum, Cyder, and

Perry, and the said Duty of Threepence per Bushel upon Malt, to be charged in Scotland, by virtue of this Act, being duly surveyed and collected, mail not be sufficient effectually to raisie and answer the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds in nett Money, after all Charges and Deductions whatsoever, that such Deficiency shall be made good by a Surcharge to be made upon all Makers of Malt in that Part of Great Britain c&lledi Scotland, in proportion to the Malt they shall respectively make between the twenty-third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, and the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, in case it shall appear to the Commissioners of the Excise for the Time being in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, that the said Duties upon Mum, Cyder, and Perry, and upon Mdt, made in Scotland, by this Act granted as aforesaid, shall not be fumcient to answer the clear Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds as aforesaid; then and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said kft-mentioned Commissioners of Excise, and the Officers under them, to make a proportional Surcharge upon all and every the Person and Persons who shall have made any Malt in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, within the Year ending the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, or so much Money, by Way of additional Duty, upon all the Malt made by such Person or Persons respectively as shall make good such Person or Persons proportional Part of such Deficiency; which said Surcharges shall be paid to the respective Collectors of the said Duties on Malt, by the respective Persons on whom the same shall be so made, within One Month after the fast shall be so surcharged; or in Default thereof, the respective Person or Persons who shall neglect or refuse to nuke such Payment shall forfeit Treble the Sum upon him, her, or them respectively surcharged as aforesaid; to be recovered in such Manner as the Duty of Threepence ter Buffiel may be recovered by virtue of this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament herein-before recited or referred unto; which said Surcharge, by way of additional Duty, for making good the Defici^pcy of the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, (if any such Deficiency there shall be), shall be computv d and settled as followeth; (that is to say, ) As the particular Quantity of Malt made by each such Maltster or Maker of Malt in Scotland, within the said Year, ending the twenty-

L1 a Jgurtfc

*5 9

The following Duties shall be paid in Scotland for Malt, Mum, See.

Ma't 3d. per Bulhd:

Mum f oi. per

Barrel:

Cyder and Pcnf

ni«de for Sale, 4?. per Hog-ffcead.

Ho*r these D»f ties shall be raised, her

ao.ooool. hall raised in Sett-land.

Tn case

ciency, Surcharge, or additional Duty (ha& he made urn Maltster*

: 6o

Surplus (ifany) lhni I be applied to the FUherie.), <cc.

under 13 G. 1. c. 30.

This Act shall

relate to the 4ame Day of the Year as thtt A A I G. 3-c. 3. did, where requisite. Malt brought from Scotland Sea shall be entered at the Port of Landing.

Brought by Land shall be entered at Berwick or Carlisle.

Malt not duly

entered, &c. shall be for-kited.

Cyder, Jcc. for drilling, not chargeable.

Distiller shall give Notice 0 Officer when he diflils Cyder.

5l. Penalty for Kcgled.

Maltffers, for every 20 Quarters of Grain made into Malt for Exportation, shall be allowed 30 Quarters of Malt.

Malt shipped for Exportation and re-Unded, shall k* loiftited, &c.

C. 1. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1801.

fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, shall bear Proportion to the whole Quantity of Malt made in Scotland within the same Year, so the particular Surcharge to be made upon such particular Maltster or Maker of Malt, for or towards making good the said Deficiency, shall bear Proportion to the whole Sum which shall be found to be deficient as aforesaid.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Rate of Three* pence per Bushel shall produce a greater Sum than the kid Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, clear of all Charges of Management, the Surplusage so produced over and above the said clear Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, shall be wholly applied towards the encouraging and promoting of the Fisheriea, and such other Manu-fastures and Improvements in Scotland, as may most conduce to the general Good of the United Kingdom, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; in such Manner as directed by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for encouraging and promoting Fisheries, and other Manufactures and Improvements, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

V. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That in all Cases where the herein-before-recited Act of the First Year of his present Majesty's Reign, did relate to any Day or Time within the Year which commenced from the twenty-third Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-one, this present Act doth and shall relate to the like Day and Time within the Year commenced from the said twenty-third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Malt made in Scotland\ not to be consumed there, which at any Time or Times between the twenty-third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, and the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, shall be brought into England\ Wales, or the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, shall, in case the same be brought by Sea, be entered with the Officer for the said Duties of the Port where the same shall be so brought into England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed aforesaid, and the Sum of Sixpence per Bushel for the Duties thereof shall be paid to such Officer before landing thereof, unless a Certificate from the proper Officer be produced, that it hath paid the said Duty of Threepence per Bushel in Scotland; and, if such Certificate be produced, then there shall be paid no more than Threepence per Bushel, by virtue of this Act, for such Malt so brought into England: And in case the same be brought by Land, such Malt shall pass and be carried by and through the Towns of Berwick or Carlisle\ and there entered with the Officer for the said Duties, in such of the said Towns by or through which such Malt shall be so carried; and the like Duty of Sixpence per Bushel for the same shall be paid down in ready Money unless such Certificate be produced as aforesaid; but upon producing thereof, then there shall be paid no more than Threepence per Bushel by virtue of this Act, on Pain of forfeiting all such Malt, or the Value thereof, as shall be landed or put on Shore, or be brought into England, without such Entry or Paynfcrit of Duties as aforesaid: And in case any Malt made in Scotland shall, during the said Term, be found coming out of Scotland, or be brought from thence by Land, by or beyond the Towns before mentioned, without Entry, or Payment of the Duties thereof, then all such Malt, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise, for his Majesty's Use; one Moiety of the aforesaid Forfeiture to be and go to the King's Majesty, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as shall inform, seize, or sue for the fame, or the Value thereof; and to be recovered and levied by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Penalties and Forfeitures are by this or any the former Acts relating to the Malt Duties to be recovered and levied; or by Action of Debt or upon the Case, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein, no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

VII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to charge with the said Four Shillings per Hogshead, by this Act laid on Cyder and Perry, any Cyder and Perry sold to any Ditliller or Maker of Strong Waters, for such Cyder or Perry as shall be used in distilling only; any Thing in this Act, or any former Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, all and every Distiller or Distillers, that shall receive any Quantity of Cyder or Perry into his, her, or their Custody, shall give Notice in Writing to the proper Officer under whose Survey such Dilliller shall reside, Forty-eight Hours before he, she, or they shall begin to put any Quantity whatsoever of the same into any Still or Stills, to be drawn into Low Wines or Spirits: And if any lucnT)iflil-ler or Distillers shall neglect or omit to give such Notice, or if it shall appear that any Quantity whatsoever of such Cyder or Perry hath been disposed of or made use of by any such Distiller or Distillers, in any other Way but in Distillation only, he, she, or they, shall respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of five Pounds; which laid Sum erf* five Pounds shall be sued for, levied, recovered, and mitigated, by such Ways and Means as any Penalty or Fine for any Offence committed by any Person or Persons against any of the Laws of Excise can or may be sued for, levied, recovered, and mitigated, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and that One Moiety thereof shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as will prosecute, inform, or sue for the same.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, there shall be allowed to Maltsters and Makers of Malt for Exportation, for every Twenty Quarters of Barley, or other Corn or Grain, which shall be made into Malt for Exportation, in Cases where by Law any Bounty is allowed on the Exportation of Malt, an Allowance of Thirty Quarters after the same shall be dried and made into Malt, and no more, upon the Exportation thereof, though by their deeping, wetting, or watering the fame, the said Twenty Quarters shall be run out to any greater Quantity exceeding the said Thirty Quarters.

jC. And be it further enacted, That if, after the Shipping ff any Malt made to be exported*the Malt so shipped to be exported, or any Part thereof shall be relanded in any Part of Great Britain, then, and in every such Case, all the Malt which shall be re-landed, and Treble the Value thereof, shall be.forfeited 3 (that is to say, )

/ Oac

26l

A.D. 1801. 42° GEORGII III. C. 1.

One Moiety thereof to the King, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall seize, inform, or sue for the fame; and such Malt so re-landed shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuiloms or Excise.

XI. And whereas Maltsters and Makers of Malt for Exportation do frequently mix the Produce of Two or

more Steepings of Corn or Grain, that have been entered to be made into Malt for Exportation, on or as soon as

it comes off from the Kiln, by Reason whereof the Officers for the Duties on Malt cannot ascertain the real Produce thereof, by which Means great Quantities of each Steeping of such Malt are or may be privately conveyed away, and made Use of for Home Consumption, though the same has not been charged with the Duty, as all Malt made for Home Consumption ought to be : Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, all and every Maltster or Maltsters, or Maker or Makers of Malt for Exportation, shall keep the whole and entire Quantity of his, her, or their Corn or Grain making into Malt for Exportation of One Steeping or Wetting, when the same shall be on the Kiln, or after the same shall be taken off the Kiln, separate and apart from all and every Part of any other former Steeping or Wetting of Corn or Grain, until the same shall have been measured by such Maltsters or Makers of Malt, in the Presence of some Officer or Officers for the Duty upon Malt, on Pain of forfeiting and losing the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, all such Maltsters or Makers of Malt for Exportation shall give Notice in Writing to some Officer or Officers of the Duties upon Malt, or shall leave Notice in Writing at the next Office of Excise where the Journal is kept, of the Hour when he, she, or they shall intend to take any Malt off the Kiln or Kilns, that such Officer or Ofncers may attend the measuring of such Malt; and after such Malt has been measured, the same shall be immediately earned on Shipboard, if intended to be then exported, or else shall be immediately locked up and secured in some Storehouse or other Place, belonging to such Maltsters or Makers of Malt, in the Presence of the said Officer or Officers, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, if any such Maltster or Maltsters, or Maker or Makers of Malt, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, by his Order, Privity, or Direction, after any steeping or making of Malt shall have been locked up and secured in any Storehouse, or other Place or Places, in Manner as aforesaid, shall open any of the Locks or Doors, or shall make any Way or Kind of Entrance into such Storehouse or other Place or Places, or shall remove any Part whatsoever of the Partition between any such Storehouse or Place and any other Place or Places whatsoever next thereunto adjoining, or shall remove out of the said Storehouse, or other Place, any Quantity whatsoever of the Malt that has been so locked up and secured without the Knowledge and ConTent of, or without first having given Notice to some Officer or Officers for the said Duties, he, she, or they, shall respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIV. And, the better to enable the Officers for the Duties upon Malt to discover whether all such Malt made for Exportation, and that has been locked up and secured in any Storehouse, or other Place or Places, to be exported, has been really exported, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt, that on the said twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, shall have any Quantity of Malt locked up and secured in any Storehouse, or any other Place or Places, as is before directed, to be exported, shall, within Fifteen Months next after the said twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, remove and clear out of his Storehouse, or other Place or Places, all and every Part and Parcel thereof, that at any Time after the said twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two shall be locked up and secured in such Storehouse, or other Place, in order to be exported; and shall always, from Time to Time, in every Fifteen Months, remove and clear out of such Storehouse, or other Place or Places, in order to be exported, all and every Part or Parcel of Malt that at any Time within every Fifteen Months after the last Clearing shall be locked up and secured in any Storehouse, or in any other Place or Places that shall be made use of by him, her, or them, for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, on Pain of forfeiting and losing the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid*, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, that, shall become Maltsters or Makers of Malt for Exportation, and shall make use of any Storehouse or Storehouses, Place ot Places, for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, shall, within Fifteen Months after the beginning to make use of any such Storehouse or Storehouses, or such other Place or Places, remove and clear out of such Places, to be exported, all and every Part and Parcel of such Malt, that at any Time or Times shall have been put into such Place or Places, within Fifteen Months after he, she, or they, shall have begun to make use of such Place or Places; and shall always, from Time to Time, remove and clear out of such Storehouse, or other Place, to be exported, all and every Quantity of Malt whatsoever, that within every Fifteen Monthsafter the last Clearing shallat any Time be locked up ami secured in such Storehouse or Storehouses, or any other Place or Places that shall be made use of by him, her, or them, for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, on Pain of forfeiting and losing the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XVI. 4 And whereas by a Clause in an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, /In Act for granting to her Majesty Duties upon Malty Alum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and thirteen; and for making forth Duplicates of Lottery Tickets loJl> burnt, or Jtjlroyed; and for enlarging the Time for adjusting Claims in several Lottery Acts, and to punish the counterfeiting or forging of Lottery Orders; and for explaining a late Ad in relation to Stamp Duties on Customary FJlates which pass by Deed and Copy; it was enacted, That if any Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, during the Continuance of the Duties of Malt by the said Act granted, should tread, ram, or otherwise force together in the Ciftem, Utingfat, or Couch, any Com steeping or ftceped in order to the making into Malt; every such Maltster or Maker of

Malt

Every Steeping of Mali for Exportation shall be kept separatt till meafuied.

Maltsters shall give Notice to Officers, of taking Malt off the Kilns.

Such Malt shall be immcdalcly exported or ltor-ed, on penalty of 50l.

Penalty on dan-destinely opening the-Locks, Sec. of any Store* house, 100L

Maltsters having Malt ftoied on June 24, 1802, shall clear out of their Storehouses all Malt for Exportation within 15 Months,

and so from Time to Time,

on Penalty of 50l.

All who shall become Maltsters after June 24, 1802, shall clear their Sto: e-houses for Exportation every 15 Mouths,

onPenahy of 50k 12 Anne, St. I. c. 2. §13.

r'd 6G. x. c. 2l. S, raised.

per Bushel

Penalty on all Corn ftcej>ing or beeped lor making Malt, which shall he found in the Cittern or Couch so hard Hud corapalt, at it could not be unless the same had been forced together to pre-tent the Rising.

rs« 41 c. 3, (U.A'.)c. 91.§i.J 100l. Penalty on fraudulently conveying from the Cittern, See, any tteeping of Corn, and mixing the same With other Com charged with the Duty in the Vouch;

or fraudulently conveying the same away so that no Gauge of such Com can he taken in the Couch.

How Penalties shall be recovered.

Buyer* of Cyder and Perry for their privateUfe, shall not be charged.

Persons felling less than 20 Gallons shall be deemed Redden.

C.I. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1801.

t Malt for Sale should, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence for every Bushel of Com steeping or steeped that should he so pressed, trodden, rammed, or forced: And whereas by One t other Clause in an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George the First, intituled, sin Aii for preventing Frauds and Abufts in the Pullick Revenues of Excise, Customs, Stamp-duties, Pof.Office, hnd Hovfe Money, it was enacted and declared, That if, from and after the Four and Twentieth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and twenty, any Corn in any Cistern or U ting -fat, deeping or steeped, in order to the making thereof into Malt, by any Maltster or Maker of Malt, (other than Compounders for the Duty on Malt), was or should be found so hard, close, and compact, as it could not be unless the same had by some Means or other begn forced together to prevent the Rising and Swelling thereof, every Maltster and Maker of Malt, (other than Compounders for the Duty on Malt, ) where the same shall be so found, should, in every such Case, forfeit and lose the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence per Bushel for every Bushel of such Corn deeping or deeped, which thouM be found so hard, close, and compact, as aforesaid; which said recited Clauses have been duly continued, and are dill in force: And whereas by the last recited Clause no Penalty is provided where Corn deeped, in order to the making thereof into Malt, should be found in the Couch so hard, close, and com-pa£l, as it could not be unless the same had by some Means or other heed forced together to prevent the Rising

and Swelling thereof; and the Penalties provided by the said recited Clauses have, by Experience, been found

ineffectual to prevent the fraudulent Practice of pressing, treading, ramming, or otherwise forcing together in the Cidern, Uting-fat, or Couch, the Corn or Grain deeping or deeped, in order to the making thereof into Malt, to the Prejudice of his Majesty's Revenue, and Discouragement of the fair Traders; be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, if any Maltster, or Maker of Malt, shall tread, ram, or otherwise force together in the Ciftem, Uting-fat, or Couch, any Corn or Grain, ftetming or lleeped in order to the making thereof into Malt, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall forfeit and lole the Sum of tive Shillings for every Bushel of Com or grain ileep-ing or steeped, that shall be so trodden, rammed, or farced together; or if any Corn or Grain in any' Cistern, Uting-fat, or Couch, steeping or steeped in order to the making thereof into Malt, by any Maltster or Maker of Malt, is or shall be found so hard, close, and compact, as it could not be unless the same had by some Means or other been forced together to prevent the Rising and Swelling thereof, every Maltster and Maker of Malt, where the same shall be so found, shall, in every such Case, forfeit and lose the Sum of five Shillings for every Bushel of such Corn or Grain, steeping or steeped, which shall be found so hard, close, and compact, as aforesaid; and Proof being made thereof, the same shall be deemed conclusive Evidence of the Fad, and shall subject the Maltster or Maker of Malt to the aforesaid Penalty of five Shillings per BusheL

XVII. And whereas many Maltsters or Makers of Malt do fraudulently convey away from the Ciftem, Uting*

fiat, or other Wetting place or Utensil, Steepings, or Part of Steepings, of Corn or Grain, making into Malt,

and mix such Corn or Grain, so conveyed away, with and amongst Couches or Floors of other Corn or Grain making into Malt, which are then depending and in Operation, that have been gauged or charged with the

Duty in the Couch; and in case the Officer has taken his Gauge of the Corn or Grain steeping in the Cistern,

Uting-fat, or other Wetting-place or Utensil, such Maltsters or Makers of Malt supply the Deficiency

with fresh Barley, or other Corn or Grain, in the Absence and without the Privity of the Officer, in order to

prevent a Discovery of such Corn or Grain having been conveyed away; and such Corn or Grain so conveyed

away and mixed, by an artful and fraudulent Manner of working, seldom is charged with any Duty in the Floor;

which Practice is greatly detrimental to the Revenue and fair Traders : For Remedy thereof, it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall fraudulently convey away, or cause or procure, or po> mit or suffer, to be conveyed away from the Ciftem, Uting-fat, or other Wetting-place or Utensil, any Steeping, or Part of any Steeping, of Corn or Grain making into Malt, and shall mix such Corn or Grain so conveyed away with and amongst any such Couch or Couches, Floor or Floors, of other Corn or Grain making into Mai{, which are then depending, and in Operation, and which have been gauged or charged with the Duty in the Couch; or if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall fraudulently convey away, or cause or procure, or permit or suffer, to be conveyed away from the Ciftem, Uting-fat, or other Wetting-place or Utensil, any Steeping, or Part of any Steeping, of Corn or Grain making into Malt, so that no Gauge of such Corn or Grain so conveyed away cam be taken in the Couch by the Officer; then, and in each of the said Cases, every such Maltster and Maker of Malt so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, for any Offences against this Act, shall be sued for, levied, and recovered, or mitigated, by the same Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Penalty err Forfeiture given by any of the Laws of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, can or may be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, or by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by A£tioa of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and that One Moiety of such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be con* ftrued to extend, to charge any Person or Persons with the Duty upon Cyder or Perry, such Person or Persons buying the same for his or their private Use only, and not being a Dealer or Dealers in Cyder or Perry, or a Retailer or Retailers thereof.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons whatsoever who shall, after the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, fell any Quantity of Cyder or Perry, or either of them, in less Quantity than Twenty Gallons at a Time, whether the same be made from Fruit of hi8, her, or their own Growth| or from bought Fruit, shall be deemed and taken to be a Dealer in Cyder and

3 rerry*

A.D. 180t*

42° GEORGII III.

C.i.

261

Duty imposedo* Cyderby 17 G. 3. c.i3. (SchcdSJ recited.

Perry, and a Retailer thereof, and shall be subject and liable to the Duty of Four Shillings per Hogshead for such Quantity of Cyder and Perry so fold, over and above all other Duties payable for Cyder and Perry sold by Retail: and that every Dealer in, and Retailer of Cyder and Perry, and other Person and Persons receiving into his her, or their Custody or Custodies, any-Quantity of Cyder and Perry, or either of them, for Sale, and every Person or Persons who shall buy Fruit to make into Cyder or Perry, or either of them, for Sale, shall make a true and particular Entry, in Writing, of the several and respective Storehouses, Rooms, Cellars, Vaults, and other Place and Places, by him, her, or them respectively made use of for the making and keeping of Cyder and Perry, or either of them, at the Office of Excise within the Compass or Limits whereof such respective Storehouses,

Rooms, Cellars, Vaults and other Place or Places shall be situated, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Storehouse, Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, which, from and after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, shall be made use of by any such Dealer or Retailer,

Receiver or Maker respectively, without making such Entnr thereof as aforesaid; and that all Duties, Fines,

Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such Ways Means and Methods a* any Duty, Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her, or them, that shall discover, inform, or sue for the fame: And if any Person or Persons shall at any Time be sued for any Thing done by him, her, or them, in pursuance Persons fyed ftr of this Act, he, (he, and they shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act for his, her, or their Dc- T1J, nS don fence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, then such may

Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him, her, or them, awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs* plead the General Issue, and shall have Treble Costs,

XXI. And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act % for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Publick Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French IQng, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities mb Live; , to the Reduction of the National Debt; an Excise Duty of nineteen Shillings and Twopence is im-

posed for every Hogshead of Cyder or Perry which shall be made in Great Britain, and sent or consigned to

any Factor or Agent who shall receive the same to sell or dispose of, to be paid by such Factor or Agent: And whereas it is expedient to secure the Cyder and Perry in the Possession of such Factors and Agents from being liable to a greater Duty than the said Duty of nineteen Shillings and Twopence per Hogshead; be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in Cafo any Cyder or Perry shall be received into the Custody or Possession of any Factor or Agent, for which it shall appear, by a Certificate, under the Hand of the proper Officer of Excise, that the Duty continued or granted by this Act shall have been charged for such Cyder or Perry, such Factor or Agent shall, for every Hogshead of such Cyder or Perry so charged, (land discharged of four Shillings, Part of the said Duty of nineteen Shillings and Twopence; and that Cyder and Perry mall not, in any Case or Cases whatsoever, be charged or chargeable with any higher or larger Duty or Duties in the Whole (including the Duty continued or granted by this Act) than after the Rate of nineteen Shillings and Two-pence per Hogshead, for or on account of the same being in the Custody or Possession of all or any of the Per- °C tkeDuiy pay* loos liable to pay any Duty or Duties in respect thereof.^c byh, Ip,

XXII. And it is hereby also enacted, That there mall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, One Book or Register, in which all the Orders for Money payable by this Act ffiail be entered and registered; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politick or Corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the said Receipt, upon the Credit of the faiif Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, by this Act granted, any Sum or Sums of Money, / not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Seven hundred, and fifty thousand Pounds; which Lenders shall have Interest for their Forbearance of their respective Loans, not exceeding the Rate of four Pounds and ten Shillingsper Centum per Annum, so as such Loans be allowed to be made by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them now being, or by the High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, who are hereby authorized to issue their Warrants for that Purpose aa foil as such Loans shall be wanted for the publick Service; the said Interest to be paid every Three Months from the making of such Loans, until Satisfaction of the principal Sums respectively; and* that no Money so to be lent ffiail be rated or assessed to any Tax or Assessment whatsoever; and that every such Lender ffiail immediately have a Tally of Loan struck for the Money by him, her, or them lent and an Order of the same Date for Repayment thereof, with such Interest as aforesaid; and that all such Orders ffiail be registered in Course according to their Dates; and all Persons thereupon shall be paid in Course, as their Orders shall stand registered, so as the Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, whose Orders ffiail be first registered, ffiail be accounted the Person or Persons to be first paid, and so fncceffively in Course; and that the Monies to come in by this Act of the said Duties shall be in the same Order liable to trie Satisfaction of the said respective Persons, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns respectively, without undue Preference of one. before another, and not otherwise; and ffiail not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; and that no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, directly or indirectV, be demanded or taken, for providing or making any such Books or Reeifters, or any Entries, Views, or Searches, in or for Payment of Money lent, or the Interest thereof, as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on Pain of Payment of Treble Damages to the Party grieved by the Party offending, with full Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such Fee or Reward, then to forfeit his Place also: And if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made in point of Registry

Where Cyder

received by a Factor has been charged with Duty under this Act, the Factor shall be allowed the Amount out

under 27 G. 3. Clause of Loan at 41. ios. per Cent.

TaHJcs of Loeft shall be (truck, &c.

Orders shall be regilttied and paid ia Court*.

No Fee for re-gifltring,

Penaltiet for undue Preference.

Commissioners of the Treasury empowered to prepare any dumber of Exchequer Bill4 of oulc common Sum, or ditfe-rent Sum<, in the Principal Monies.

Bills shall bear Interest ax 4l.

1 os. per Cent Ann.

These Bills shall be numbered arithmetically.

Treasury shall <lire& the Com fe of Payment lor I, oan$ or Exchequer Bills,

and shall appoint Cheques; See,

C. 1. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1801.

or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, by any such Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt, with full Costs of Suit, to the Party aggrieved, and be forejudged of his Place or Omce; and if such Preference he unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Dife&ion or Privity of his Mailer, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, and shall be for ever incapable of his Place or Office: And in case the Auditor of the Receipt shall not direct, or the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Tellers make Payment, according to each Person's due Place and Order, as before directed; then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies or Clerks therein offending to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, in such Manner as aforesaid: All which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and Costs, to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer, or any of their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

" It shall not be deemed undue Preference where Tallies arc dated or brought the same Day. §23. Nor if " subsequent Orders be paid before such as were not demanded in Course, so as money is reserved to pay precedent " Orders. §24. Orders assignable. §25. [ Verbatim as in 4, 5, of St, 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 84.

XXVI. And to the End there may be no Want or Failure of a certain Sum, not to exceed in the Whole Seven hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, to be raised either by such Loans as aforesaid, or by issuing Exchequer Bills, as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of those Ways or Means, for the publick Service; be it further provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, cr any Three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall judge it more adviseable to raile the said Sum of Seven hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Exchequer Bills, instead of such Loans as aforesaid; that then they respectively are hereby authorized and empowered, at any Time or Times, at Once, or by such Proportions at a Time as they respectively shall find to be most for the Advantage of the Publick, to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made, at the Exchequer, in such Method and Form, as they or he shall think most safe and convenient, any Number of New Exchequer Bills, containing one common Sum, or different Sums* in the Principal Monies; so that in case there shall be no Loans made, then all the principal Sums, to be contained in the said Bills to be made forth by this Act, shall not exceed Seven hundred and fifty thousand Pounds; and in case any such Loan shall be made as aforesaid, then all the principal Sums to be contained in the said Bills to be made forth by this Act, together with such Loans so made, shall not exceed the said Sum of Seven hundred and fifty thousand Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the 1v uthority aforesaid, That the said Bills to be prepared and made in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an luterefl not exceeding the Rate of four Pounds and ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, and pro port ionably for any greater or less Sum to be contained therein, and to be payable to the Bearers thereof respectively; nevertheless the said Interest shall be abated and saved upon such of the said Bills to be made forth by this Act as shall at any Time or Times be in the Receipt of the Exchequer, or in die Hands or Power of any Receivers or Collectors of any Taxes, Aids, or Revenues whatsoever, payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, during such Time and Times respectively as such Bills shall be or remain in the said Receipt, or in such Hands or Power as aforesaid.

XXVIII. And it is hereby enacted, That all the said Bills, so to be prepared and made, shall be numbered arithmetically, beginning with N° I. and so proceeding*in an arithmetical Progression ascending, wherein the common Excess or Difference shall always be one, and mall be rtgiftered accordingly, so that the principal Sum to be contained in every such Bill (after Repayment of the Loans which shall have been made as aforesaid, (if any such be, ) with the Interest thereof, or reserving Money sufficient for that Purpose), may regularly be paid off and discharged, in Course, according to the Number of every such Bill as it shall Hand in the said Kegiiler; and that the Interest upon all and every' the said Bills shall be payable every three Months, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act; and that upon every such Bill there shall be indorsed, printed, or written, in Words at Length, or in Figures, the Sum after which the Principal to be contained therein shall be payable in such Course as aforesaid, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Sum not exceeding Seven hundred and fifty thousand Pounds shall be raised partly by Loans, and partly by Exchequer Bills, according to the Powers before given by this Act; that then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, when and as often as they shall, by virtue of the said Powers, direct any such Loans to be taken, or any such Exchequer Bills to be made out, at the same Time, also to direct and appoint the Course and Order in which such Loans and Exchequer Bills shall Hand upon the said Register, and after what Time they shall respectively begin to be payable in Course out of the Monies arising by this A cl, so as no subsequent Loans or Exchequer Bills be made to alter the Course at first appointed for prior Loans or Exchequer Bills at the Time of taking in or making out such prior Loans or Exchequer Bills; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And it is hereby further enacted, That all the said Bills shall be prepared and made with such Cheques, Indents, or Counterfoils, as shall be directed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them now being, or by the High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being; and that the Person or Persons appointed, or who shall be appointed to pay off the said Bills in Course, shall from Time to Time have the Use and Custody of One Part of all the Cheques, Indents, or Counterfoils of the said Exchequer Bills, to be prepared and made by virtue of this A<£1, from which the said Bills shall have been cut, to prevent his or their being imposed upon by counterfeit or forged Bills; and that the Undertakers or Con-

6 tra<5bora

U.

265

A.D. 1801. 42° GEORGII III. C. 1.

traftors for exchanging or circulating the said Bills, or such of them as shall be current, shall, from Time to Time, have the Use and Custody of one other Part of all the said Cheques, Indents, or Counterfoils, of the said Exchequer Bills, from which the same shall have been cut off, as aforesaid, in order to prevent their being imposed upon by any counterfeit or forged Bills; and that all the said Parts of the said Cheques, Indents, or Counterfoils, shall be delivered back into the Exchequer, when the said Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged.

XXXI. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them now being, and the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to cause such Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this A A to be placed as so much Cash in the respective Offices of the Tellers, of the said Receipt of Exchequer, each and every of which Tellers shall be severally charged with a Proportion of the said Bills which shall be so placed in his Office respectively 5 any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And it is hereby also enacted and declared, That the said Bills in the Hands of the said Tellers shall be locked up and secured as Cash, according to the Course of the Exchequer; and shall be taken and esteemed as 10 mu£h in Part of the Remains in Real Money, wherewith each of the said Tellers shall, from Time to Time, Hand charged, and shall, in common with other the Monies in the said Exchequer, be issuable and re-issuable thereout, to any Person or Persons desiring to receive the same, for and in lieu of so much Money as the Principal Sums contained in the said Bills, with the Interest due thereon at the Time of such issuing or re-issuing thereof shall amount unto; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the said Exchequer Bills, to be made forth by virtue of this Act, or so many of them as shall from Time to Time remain undischarged and uncancelled, shall and may be received and taken, and shall pass and be current to all and every the Receivers and Col-leftors in Great Britain of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid, or Tax whatsoever, already granted, due, or payable, or which shall, or may hereafter be granted, due, or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and also at the Receipt of the Exchequer, from the said Receivers or Collectors, or from any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate whatsoever, making any Payments or Loans there to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for or upon any Account, Cause, or Occasion whatsoever, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act; and that such of the same Bills as shall be received at the Exchequer shall and may be locked up ana secured as Cash, according to the Course of the Exchequer, settled and established by Law, for locking up and securing Monies received in Specie there: And that all and every the Receivers and Collectors in Great Britain of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Aid, Tax, or Supply whatsoever, already granted, due, or payable, or which shall or may hereafter be granted, due or payable, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall, and they are hereby directed and required, out of any current coined Money as shall then be in his or their Hands of such Revenue Aid, Tax, or Supply, to pay such of the same Bills as shall be brought to them respectively by any Person or Persons desiring to nave Money for the fame: And in case any such Receiver or Collector shall refuse or neglect to exchange such Bill or Bills for ready Money for the Space of twenty-four Hours, then the Person or Persons demanding the same shall and may bring an Action of Debt, or on the Case, for the Principal and Interest Money due upon such Bill or Bills, against such Receiver or Collector having Money in his Hands, as aforesaid; in whifti Action the Plaintiff shall or may declare, that such Receiver or Collector is indebted to the Plaintiff in the Money demanded upon every such Bill, according to the Form of the Statute, and hath not paid the fame, which shall be sufficient; and the Plaintiff in every mch Action shall recover against the Receiver or Collector, not only the Monies so neglected or refused to be paid, but also his full Costs of Suit, and such Receiver or Colleger shall be subject or liable thereunto; and in such Action, no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager, of Law, shall be allowed, or more than One Imparlance; and upon Payment of the Money so to be recovered, the Plaintiff, his Executors or Assigns, shall deliver up such Bills to the Defendant, his Executors or Assigna.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Bills shall, at any Time or Times hereafter within the respective Times during which they shall be current pursuant to this Act, be paid or lent into the Exchequer by any of his Majesty's Receivers, or other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, making any Payments or Loans at that Receipt, the Officers there shall cause Tallies to be levied and delivered to the Payers or Lenders, as amply and effectually, to all Intents or Purposes, as if they had made such Payments or Loans in Specie.

XXXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Interest which shall from Time to Tune be due upon any of the Bills to be current as aforesaid shall be allowed to all Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, paying the same to any Receiver or Collector, Receivers or Collectors, of any of his Majesty's Revenues, Aids, Taxes, or Supplies, or by Way of Exchange, as aforesaid, to the respective Days whereupon such Bill or Bills shall be so paid, exchanged, or lent: Provided always, That no Interest shall run, or be paid, upon or for any such Bill or Bills during the Time any such Bill or Bills so paid, exchanged, or lent, shall remain in the Hand of any of the said Receivers or Collectors, or in the Hands of any Teller or Tellers of the Exchequer; but for such Time the Interest on every such Bill shall cease.

XXXVI. And, to the End it may be known for what Time such Bills, bearing Interest, shall from Time to Time remain in the Hands of such Receivers or Collectors, or in the Exchequer, as aforesaid, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person or Persons who shall pay any such Bill or Bills, so bearing Interest, to any Receivers or Collectors of any of his Majesty's Revenues, Aids, Taxes, and Supplies, by way of Exchange, or otherwise; or shall pay or lend such Bill or Bills so bearing Interest, into the Exchequer as aforesaid, maU, at the Time of making such Payment, Exchange, or Loan, on each Bill, bearing Interest, and lo paid, exchanged, or lent, put his or their Name or Names, and write thereupon, in Words at length, the Day of the Month and Year in which he, she, or they, so paid, exchanged, or lent such Bill or Bills bearing lutercft; all which the said Receivers and Collectors respectively, and also the respective Tellers in the Exche-

42 Geo. III. M m quer,

The Bills shall be placed as Cam in the Exchequer,

and shall be issuable thereout in common with other Monies,

and Hull be cur« rent in the Revenue.

Receivers, Sec. shall exchange Bills for ready Money.

On Refusal, action maintain-'Hie again 11 the Receivers, Sc c.

Tallies shall be levied for Bills lent into the Exchequer.

Interest shall be allowed till Payment

Except whilst the Bills are in the Hand^ of Receivers, See.

Bills paid tqRc* ceivers, Sec. shall be fig ned and dittd.

266

Bite may be pc-issued.

both for Principal and Interest, due on Payment into the Exchequer Receivers shall keep Books.

loot. Penalty on Receiver neglecting to keep Books, Sccr

Bills filed up by. Indorsement, or defoped, to be exchanged.

BItts not exceeding 5000l. each, may be made forth at the Exchequer.

Forgoing Exchequer Bills, or Indorsement tbcieon, Felony.

C.i. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1801.

quer, shall take care to fee done and performed accordingly; to which respective Days the said Receivers and Collectors shall be allowed a^ain the Interest which he or they shall have allowed or paid upon such respective Bill or Bills, upon his or their paying the same into the Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid.

XXXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Bills, or any of them, may be re-issued and paid again out of his Majesty's Exchequer; and when the same shall be re-issued and paid again out of his Majesty's Exchequer, the respective Teller there, from whose Office such Bill or Bills, bearing Interest, shall be so re-issued, or again paid out, shall indorse on the same Bill or Bills so re-issued, in Words at length, the Day of the Month and Year in which the same were re-issued or repaid out of the Exchequer, and also on what Account the same were last received into the Exchequer, and iign the fame; from which Time the Interest of such Bill or Bills so re-issued, or paid again, shall revive; and such Bill or Bills shall revive, run, and pass at Interest, as the same did before they were paid unto, or received by, the said Receivers or Collectors, or before the same were paid or lent into the Exchequer, as aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And it is hereby enacted, That the same Bills to be re-issued from Time to Time, or at any Time, at the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be so re-issued for the principal Money to be contained therein, and for so much Interest as was due thereon, and allowed by the Teller at the respective Time and Times when such Bill and Bills were last paid into the Exchequer.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That every Receiver-general of any of the Revenues, Aids, Taxes, or Supplies, belonging or to belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall keep a fair Book or Books of Account in Writing, of all the Monies by him received, in which he, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall truly enter all the Sums which shall have been received by him or them for every such Revenue, Aid, Tax, or Supply, together with the Names of the several Collectors from whom the fame, or any Part thereof, was received, the Days when, and the Sums paid, how much thereof in Money and how much thereof in such Exchequer Bills, and what Exchequer Bills shall have been exchanged by every such Receiver-general pursuant to this Act; to which Account every Person concerned shall have free Access at all seasonable Times without Fee or Charge; and the said Accounts shall lie conftaatly open at one certain Place, within the Limits of his Receipt, for that Purpose: And if such Receiver shall neglect to keep such Book or Books, or enter therein any Sum or Sums of Money by him received and paid as aforesaid, by the Space of Three Days after his Receipt, or Payment of the same, or shall refuse any Person or Persons concerned to insped such Book or Books without Fee or Reward, as aforesaid, every such Receiver, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who will sue for the fame; to be recovered by Action of Debt, or upon the Case,

Bill, Suit, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, or more than one Imparlance.

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the Exchequer Bills, which shall be current as aforesaid, shall be filled up by Writing or Indorsement made thereon as aforesaid, or shall by any Accident be defaced, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Trea-£ury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, and he and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by his or their Discretion, from Time to Time, to cause new Bills to be made forth .at the Receipt of the Exchequer, in lieu of such Bills which shall be so filled up or defaced; which Bills, so filled up or defaced, shall be cancelled at the Receipt of Exchequer, and kept there on a File or Files for that Purpose; and such Bills, so to be made forth in lieu thereof, shall have a like Currency, and shall in all Respe6fts be subject to the same Rules, Methods, and Continuance, as the Bills so filled up were intended to have been by this Act, and shall bear the same Numbers, Dates, and Principal Sums, and carry the like Interest as was borne and carried by the Bills so cancelled respectively.

XLL. And it is hereby enacted, That for the greater Ease and Dispatch of publick Bufinef3 at the Exchequer, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of thenv or the High Treasurer for the Time being, and he and they are hereby authorized and enabled, in case he or they shall so think fit, to, cause Exchequer Bills for any large Sums, not exceeding five thousand Pounds each, to be made forth at the Receipt of the Exchequer, and to be placed as Cash in the said Receipt, in lieu of the like Value of the Principal contained in the said Exchequer Bills, made forth for lesser Sums, which at the Time of making such large Bills shall happen to be in the lame Receipt, which shall be at the same Time cancelled and discharged, and be kept there on a File for that Purpose; and such new Bills for such large Sums shall and may be issued at the said Receipt, and have the same Currency, and be in all Respects subject to the same Rules, Methods, and Continuance, and cany the like Interest, and have the same Security, Benefits, and Advantages; and the same Pains of Death, and other Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, for any Crime or Offence relating thereunto, shall be inflicted, incurred, and put in Execution, as if they had been originally issued by virtue of this Acth for the said lesser Bills; any Thing herein contained to the contrary not-with Handing*

XL1L And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit any Exchequer Bill which shall have been made forth by virtue of this Act, before the same shall have been paid off and cancelled, or any Exchequer Bills to be renewed or made forth in pursuance of this A<£1, or any Indorsement or Writing thereupon, or therein, or tender in Payment any such forged or counterfeit Bill, or any Exchequer Bill.with such counterfeit Indorsement or Writing thereon, or shall demand to have such counterfeit Bill or any such Exchequer Bill with such counterfeit Indorsement or Writing thereupon or therein, exchanged for ready Money, by any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, who shall be obliged or required to exchange the fame, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever, knowing the Bill so tendered in Payment or demanded to be exchanged, or the Indorsement or Writing thereupon or therein, to be fcrge&or counterfeited, and with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or the Persons to be

L*appointed

A.D. 1801.

42° GEORGII III.

C. i.

Appointed to pay' off the Came, or any of them, or to pay any Interest thereupon, or the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, who shall contract to circulate or exchange the fame, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate; then every such Person or Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XLIII. And, to the End, Intent, and Purpose that all the Monies to be lent at the Exchequer on the Credit of this Act, within the Time before limited in that Behalf, not exceeding as aforesaid, may be duly re* paid, and the Interest thereof justly satisfied at the said Receipt; and that all the Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, not exceeding as aforesaid, may likewise be paid off and discharged in their due Conrfe and Order at such publick Office as is hereafter in and by this Act appointed in that Behalf; and to the End the lame Bills, or so many of them as shall from Time to Time remain undischarged, may the better obtain a Currency, for such Time as they, or any of them, are hereby intended to be current; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Money which shall from Time to Time arise at the Receipt of the Exchequer, of or for the Rates and Duties by this Act granted, shall, from Time to Time, as the same shall arise at the said Receipt, be issued and applied at the same Receipt, either for or towards paying off and discharging the Orders of Loan for the Money which shall have been lent at the said Receipt within the Time herein before limited in that Behalf, and for satisfying the Interest thereof* in such Course, Manner, and Form, as are before in this Act prescribed and appointed for that Purpose, or to be issued to such Paymaster, as is herein after mentioned, by way of Imprest, and upon Account, for or towards paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills which shall have been made forth by virtue of this Act, in such Course as aforesaid, and for and towards paying the Interest quarterly to become due on the said Bills, and for or towards the Charge of exchanging and circulating the same Bills or any of them; and for or towards such other Payments as are in and by this Act directed or allowed to be made or discharged out of the same; and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand right hundred and three, or within ten Days after, the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time bring, shall cause a true and perfect Account in Writing to be taken and attested by the proper Officers, of all the Monies which shall have been raised by Loans, or by Exchequer Bills, or by any or either of those Ways or Means, for or towards the said Sum, not exceeding seven hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, by this Act intended to be raised as aforesaid, and how much thereof shall before that Time have been paid off or discharged, and how much thereof shall then remain undischarged upon the said Orders of Loan and Exchequer Bills respectively, or upon any or either of them; which Account shall be publickly affixed in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt in the said Exchequer.

XLV. And it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies so remaining un-satisfied or not discharged, with the Interest due or to grow due for the fame, shall be paid and satisfied out of the next Aid or Aids to be granted in Parliament after the said twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and three, and shall be transferred thereunto as soon as such Aid or Aids mall be granted j and if no such Aid or Aids shall be granted, whereunto such unsatisfied Monies shall be transferred, before the twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand right hundred and four, then the Monies so remaining unsatisfied and undischarged, with the Interest due or to grow due for the fame, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Monies as at any Time or Times shall be and remain in the same Receipt of the Consolidated Fund (except such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund shall and may be issued for the paying off and discharging the said Orders of Loan, and for satisfying the Interest thereof, and for supplying Money to the said Paymaster for discharging the said unsatisfied Exchequer Bills in Course, with Interest remaining due thereupon, as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall direct, until all the Principal and Interest which shall be or remain due upon the said Loans or Exchequer Bills, or any of them, shall be fully cleared and paid off, or Money sufficient shall be reserved for that Purpose: And if at any Time or Times, before or after any of the said Rates and Duties hereby granted shall be brought into the Exchequer, as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a Want of Money for paying Interest, which shall be actually incurred and grown due upon the said Loana or Exchequer Bills, or any of them, or for Payment of any Premium or Rate which shall be incurred and grown due by any Contract or Contracts to be made by virtue of this Act, for circulating and exchanging the same Bills; that then, and in every such Case, the Money so wanted shall and may be supplied out of the Monies of the said Consolidated Fund (except as before excepted), and be issued accordingly.

XLVL*And whereas, by reason of the Multiplicity of Payments which are to be made in paying off such

Exchequer Bills as shall be made forth by virtue of this Act, and otherwise, in relafion to the lame, it will be

difficult, if not impossible, that every particular Payment should be directed, recorded, paid, and accounted for,

by the several Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, in the ordinary Course of Payments there used; 4 therefore, and to the End the Exchequer may regularly be discharged of all the Monies required by this Act

to be applied for paying off the said Exchequer Bills, and other Charges attending the fame, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Treasury or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any throe or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time bting, shall and may from Time to Time, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, constitute and appoint such Person and Persons as he or they shall think fit, to be the Paymaster to pay off and discharge the Principal Sums winch shall from Time to Time be in Course of Payment upon the said Exchequer Bills, or any of them, and to

267

How the Monic.t are to be applied.

Treasury, on Sept. 29, 1803, shall take an Account of all Monies raised and discharged.

Unsatisfied Monies shall be paid out of the next Aids, or out of the Consolidated F und.

ComnniMonrrS fli..II appoint Pc 1 foil' t pay otf f'r iiuip.il Sum?, huh shall tiom Time to Tinu lx. in C. vrtY ot Pay*

hjv n I v-

c hi Kill*

Money, at brought in, shall be paid to the Paymasters.

Bills shall be re-giftcred and paid in Course.

'When Interest shall cease.

Paymasters liable to the Controul of the Treasury.

Treasury may settle Salaries of Clerkt, m£tc»

C. i.

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1801.

pay the Interest quarterly to become due thereupon, until they shall be paid off and dischar^red; and to pay the Premium or Premiums, Rate or Rates, which, according to any Contract or Contracts to be made as is herein after mentioned for exchanging and circulating the said Bills, or any of them, shall be due or payable to such Contractors; and to take in, and put upon a File, from Time to Time, all such of the said Bills, as shall be paid off, to be cancelled, as the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall direct; and to do and perform, or cause and procure to be done and performed, such other Matters ana Things, in relation to the said Bills, or the Principal and Interest therein to be contained, as to the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall teem meet, and be directed to be done and performed by such Paymaster for the Time being; all which Payments shall be paid by such Paymaster, from Time to Time, at an Office to be kept in or near the Receipt of the Exchequer at IVeRnunfler for that Purpose; and that the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall take, or cauTe to be taken, Security, according to the best of his or their Judgement, from all and every such Person and Persons so constituted, or to be constituted, for his or their due paying, answering, and accounting for all the said Monies which he or they shall receive, and for his and their true and faithful Performance of his or their Office or Offices, Trust or Tnilts before mentioned.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, once in every Week or ofiener, as any of the Money by this Act appointed or intended to be applied for or towards paying off the said Exchequer Bills, or discharging any other the Payments relating thereunto, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act, shall be or be brought into the Exchequer, or be or remain there, shall, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained from his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in that Behalf, issue, or cause to be issued, the fame, to such Paymaster or Paymasters, already constituted, or to be constituted, as aforesaid, by way of Im-prest, and upon Account, for or towards the paying off and discharging the said Exchequer Bills in such Course as aforesaid, and such other Payments relating to the said Exchequer Bills as are to be made by such Paymaster or Paymasters as aforesaid; and that he or they shall from Time to Time apply all the Monies by him or them so to be received, as he or they shall receive the same from Time to Time, towards discharging the said Bills in Course, and other Payments hereby directed and allowed, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this present Act, and not otherwise.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act shall be registered in Course according to their Numbers as aforesaid; and that the said Registers shall lie open in the publick Office of the said Paymaster for the Time being; and a Table to shew how far the said Bills mall be in Course of Payment, from Time to Time, shall be publickly affixed in the said Office, and that such Register and Table, or either of them, shall or may be viewed or inspected at any seasonable Time or Times, by any Person or Persons desiring to view or inspect the fame, without Fee or Charge; and that the said Bills shall be paid off and discharg'ed in Course, according as their Numbers shall stand in the said Register; and the Monies by this Act appointed for Payment of the lame shall, in the same Order, be Jiable thereunto, without giving any undue Preference in paying any Bill or Bills of any subsequent Number or Numbers, before any Bill or Bills of any antecedent Number or Numbers; and shall not be diverted or divertible to any Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and Purposes by this Act appointed for Application of the same s Nevertheless in case it shall happen that Several Bills, in Course of Payment, shall on the same Day be brought, and demanded to be paid off, it shall not be interoreted an undue Preference which of them the Paymaster or Paymasters do pay first, so as he or they do pay them all the same Day; and it shall not be interpreted an undue Preference to incur any Penalty in point of Payment, if the Paymaster or Paymasters do pay off the Bills to the Persons that bring their Bills, and demand their Money in Course, before others that do not bring their Bills, and demand their Money in Course, so as such Money be reserved as will satisfy precedent Bills, which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for them.

XLIX. And it is hereby enacted, That the Interest upon the said Bills shall cease from the respective Time* that Money shall be reserved and kept in Bank for discharging the same.

L. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Paymaster or Paymasters shall be subject and liable to such Infoeftion, Examination, Controul, and Audit, and to such Rules in respect to paying, accounting, and other Matters relating to the Execution of the said Office or Trust of Paymaster, as the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, now being, or the^High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall think fit or reasonable to establish or appoint from Time to Time, for the better Execution of the Intent and End of this Act, and the Satisfaction of the Proprietors of the said Bills.

LI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as well the Person or Persons constituted, or to be constituted, to the said Office of Paymaster, as also the Person or Persons appointed, or to be appointed, to examine and controul the Receipts, Payments, and Doings, of such Paymaster or Paymasters, shall respectively have and receive for the Service of themselves respectively, and of the Clerks and Substitutes to be employed, under them respectively, and for such Charges as shall be necessarily incident to the Execution of their respetfcive Offices, such Salaries, Rewards, and Allowances as the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall judge to be reasonable, and direct in that Behalf, and to be allowed upon the proper Account, or Accounts of the said Paymaster or Paymasters.

LII. And,

A.D. 1801. 42° GEORGII III. C. i.

LII. And, for the better supporting the Currency of the said Bills to be made forth by this Act, and to the End a sufficient Provision may be made for circulating and exchanging for ready Money, from Time to Time, the said Bills, or such of them as shall born Time to Time remain undischarged during such Time as they, or any of them, are to be current; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, on ms Majesty's Behalf, shall and may, from Time to Time, enter into any Contract or Contracts for obliging any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, who will voluntarily undertake this Service, at nis or their own Cods or Charges, to circulate and exchange, at some publick Office in London or Westminster, for ready Money, from Time to Time, all such of the said Bills which shall have been made forth by virtue of this Act, as shall be demanded at such publick Office during the Time or respective Times of such Contract or Contracts, by paying in ready Money, at their own Costs and Charges, upon every such demand, or within twenty-four Hours after, all the Principal Monies contained in every such Bill to be demanded, and the Intered which shall be then due thereupon, and so toties quoties, as often as any such Bill shall be demanded; the said Contractors or Undertakers, from Time to Time, upon exchanging every such Bill taking in the Bill so exchanged, for their own Use, and being allowed a Rate, or several Rates, not exceeding four Pounds and ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, as well for paying the said Intered at their own Cods, and also in Reward for their Service, upon all the said Bills so undertaken to be circulated; which said respective Rate or Rates shall be paid as is herein after mentioned; and the said Contract or Contracts shall be made in Writing, and regidered in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and shall be made to endure for such Time and Times respectively as shall be agreed by the Contractors.

LIII. And it is hereby enacted, That such Contractors, or any of them, shall not, for that Cause only, be disabled from being a Member or Members of Parliament, or be adjudged liable to be a Bankrupt or Bankrupts, within the Intent and Meaning of all or any of the Statutes made against or concerning Bankrupts; any Law, Statute, or Provision, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Contractors (with the Con-lent and Approbation of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, and not other-wile, ) may, at any Time or Times after the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, by Writing, to be affixed upon the Exchange of London, and by Publication in the London Gazette, declare and direct, if they shall so fee Cause and think fit, the said Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, or any Number or Part of them, to carry a lower or higher Rate of Intered than the said Rate of four Pounds and ten Shilling* fer Centum per Annum, for such Time or Times as shall be mentioned in such Writing and Publication as aforesaid: And, for the greater Accommodation and Ease of paying the said Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, or any of them, to the Receivers and Collectors of the publick Revenues, and into the Receipt of the Exchequer, the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, have hereby Power at the Request of such Contractors to make forth, or cause to be made forth, any of the said Exchequer Bills, without bearing any Intered, yet nevertheless those Bills, so to be made forth without bearing any Intered, may, from Time to Time, be made to carry such Intered as the said Contractors shall, by Writing tc^be affixed on the Exchange of London, and published in the London Gazette, signify and declare in*

LV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall cause the Monies, which shall from Time to Time be incurred and grown due to such Contractors, upon such respective Rates or Premiums, not exceeding as aforesaid, to be paid out of the Monies which shall from Time to Time be issued to the said Pay mailer or Paymasters as aforesaid; any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVI. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, shall be demanded or taken, directly or indirectly, by any of his Majesty's Officers in the Exchequer, or by any of their Clerks or Substitutes, or by any such Paymader or Comptroller, or by their or either of their Clerks or Substitutes, from any of his Majesty's Subjects, for any Matter or Thing to be done by the said Officers in the Exchequer, or by the said Paymader or Comptroller, or any of them, their or any of their Clerks or Substitutes respectively, in pursuance of this Act; and that no such Officer in the Exchequer, Paymader or Comptroller, or any such Clerk or Substitute, shall divert or misapply, or cause or procure to be diverted* or imfapplied, 'any of the Monies by this Act intended for the exchanging, circulating, and paying off the said Bills, or any of them, under such Penalties and Forfeitures, to be incurred by and inflictea on them respectively, as by this Act arc prescribed and enacted for diverting and raifapplying any of the Monies of the bid Rates and Duties hereby granted, or for taking or demanding any Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, concerning the same.

LVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That as often as any Intered upon any Exchequer Bill or Bills to be made forth by this Act, shall be demanded to be paid, the said Contractors or Paymaders shall not be obliged to pay for such Intered to any lesser Sum than one Penny upon such Bill, in case a single Bill be produced, or for the Total of the Intered of such Bills, where two or more shall be offered at one Time by the same Person; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall have Power, and.he or they are hereby enabled to pay

and

269

and contract with Person* to circulate Bilk, &c.

Contractors not disabled from being Member of Parliament, Jcc.

Contrafton may lower or raise the Interest, with Consent Treasury.

How Contract tors shall be paid.

No Fee shall be

l.iken by the Officers of the Exchequer,

No Triftions of a Penny shall be paid for Intcreli*

Charges shall bs

paid out of lh«

Contulidalul

Fund,

arid he replaced out of the hrft Supplies.

Clause of Relief for Bills loft r delfroyed.

Bills discharged shall be cancelled.

Consolidated Fund appropriated to dif-ctiarge National Debts incurred kei'ov Dec. 25, 1716.

How Deficiency of the Malt Duties under 39 and 40 G. 3. c. 2. flu 11 be /uppiied.

Arrears of Malt

Duties for iboo, shall be applied for the Service of the Year lS02.

C. 1. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1801.

and allow, or cause to be paid and allowed, out of the Monies to arise of or for the said Rates and Duties hereby granted, or of or for the said Consolidated Fund, from Time to Time, the necessary Charges of making forth the new Exchequer Bills hereby authorized to be made forth, and such other Charges as shall be necessarily incident in or for the Execution of this Act, or any Part thereof, in relation to the said Bills; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Monies shall be issued out of the said Consolidated Fund shall, from Time to Time, be replaced by and oat of the first Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament 5 any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

I.X. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That in case Proof shall be made on Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before the Lord Chief Baron, and other the Barons of the Coif of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, or any of them, that any of the Bills which shall have been made forth by virtue of this Act were, by Casualty or Mischance, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, before the coming thereof in Course of Payment; and if, by the Parties' Oath, the Numbers and Sums of inch Bill or Bills shall be ascertained, and if thereupon the said Chief Baron, and other the said Barons, or any of them before whom such Oaths were made, shall certify that he or they are satisfied in such Proof, then and in every such Case the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, are hereby authorized to cause the Money due upon such Bill or Bills so loft, burnt, or destroyed, to be satisfied by the said Paymaster or Paymasters, as if the original Bill or Bills were brought in to be paid off 5 provided that the Person or Persons so receiving the Money do give Security to the King, to the good Liking of the Person or Persons who shall be appointed, as aforesaid, to pay off and take in the said Bills, to pay into the Exchequer, for the Use of the Publick so much Money as shall be paid upon such Certificate or Certificates, if the Bill or Bills so certified to be loft, burnt, or destroyed, be thereafter produced.

LXI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, which shall, from Time to Time, be discharged and paid off, shall be taken in and filed, and shall be cancelled and made void, according to such Rules and Dire6Uons as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall, by any Warrant or Warrants under their Hands, direct or appoint.

LXII. Provided always, and it is hereby likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arisen or to arise, into the Exchequer, of or for the said Consolidated Fund, (except such Monies thereof as are by this or any other Act or Acts of this or any former Session or Sessions of Parliament especially charged upon the said Consolidated Fund, or to be paid out of the same, or out of any Revenues or Branches competing the said Consolidated Fund, ) shall be appropriated, reserved, and employed to and for discharging the Principal and Interest of such National Debts and Incumbrances as were incurred before the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and are declared to be such National Debts as may be redeemed, and are provided for by Act of Parliament, in such Manner and Form as shall be directed and appointed by any future Act or A6la of Parliament, to be discharged therewith, or out of the same, and to none other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever 5 any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIII. 4 And whereas Several Orders of Loan or Exchequer Bills, made upon and in pursuance of an A6lof*Parliament of the fortieth year of his present Majesty's Reign, for continuing the Duties upon Malty Mum, Cyder, and Perry, still remain undischarged, for Want of sufficient Money Writing by the said Duties being come into the Exchequer to satisfy and discharge the fame, and it is uncertain how much thereof the Monies anting by the said Act will be able to answer and discharge be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Money arisen or to arise into the Exchequer for or on Account of the said Duties, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March, which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and two, shall not be fufli-cient to discharge the whole Principal and Interest, due, or to grow due, upon the Several Orders of Loan or Exchequer Bills, made upon and in pursuance of the said Act; that then so much Money as shall then appear to be wanting and deficient for answering the Purposes aforesaid, shall and may be supplied and made good out of any of the Monies arising into the Exchequer by or from the Loans or Exchequer Bills on this Act, or any other Monies or Loans that are or shall be appropriated for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and two, and the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall direct and apply the same accordingly; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That all the Monies which, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, shall and may happen to come and be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer for Arrears, upon the said Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, granted for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred, (after satisfying all Interest, Premiums, or Rates, then due on the said Orders of Loan or Exchequer Bills as aforesaid, ) shall be issued and applied in Aid of the Supplies that shall be granted to his Majesty for the said Year One thousand eight hundred and two 5 any Thing in the Act by which the said Duties were granted to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1801.

42° GEORGII III.

271

C. 2.

Cap. n.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and two.

[21st November 1801.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 'An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein fated the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Tear, from the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the several and respective Sums of Money granted to your Majesty

by a Land Tax, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, which were or ' should be charged, on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in Great Britain, arc*

after the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, continued and made per-

petual, with a Provision that the several Sums of Money charged upon Estates, in ready Money, Debts, Goods,

Wares, Merchandizes, or Personal Estates, or upon any Person or Persons in respect of any publick Office or Employment of Profit in the said Act mentioned, should, after the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be ascertained, levied, collected, and paid, according to the Directions of any ' Act or Acts to be passed for that Purpose: Now we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, taking into our serious

Consideration such Expences as are absolutely necessary for supporting your Majesty's Government, and being

resolved to supply the fame, have for that End and Purpose chearfully and voluntarily given and granted, and do

by this Act give and grant, unto your Majesty, the several and respective Rates, Assessments, and Duties, and

Sums of Money hereafter mentioned And we do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several and respective Sums of Money which shall have been, or shall be charged upon Estates in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Chattels, or other Personal Estate, by virtue of an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and which were not authorized to be sold in or by another Act, made and passed in the same thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, intituled, An Act for making Perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein fated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Tear, from the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; and also the several Sums of Money herein after charged in respect of any publick Offices or Employments, or any Annuities, Pensions, Stipends, or other annual Payments, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, within the Space of One Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, and shall be ascertained, assessed, and taxed, in such Manner and Form as are herein after expressed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Sums of Money which shall have been or shall be charged, by virtue of the said Act, on Personal Estates as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby set and imposed on the several and respective Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places, wherein the same have been or shall be so charged by virtue of the said Act; and that towards raising the said several and respective Sums of Money hereby charged on the respective Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places, in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, in respect of such Personal Estate as aforesaid, all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, Guilds and Fraternities, within the same Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and PIace3 respectively, having any Estate in ready Money* or in any Debts whatsoever owing to them, within Great Britain or without, or having any Estate in Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Chattels, or other Personal Estate whatsoever, within Great Britain or without, belonging to or in Trull for them (except and out of the Premises deduded, such Sums as he, she, or they do bona fide owe, and such Debts owing to them as shall be adjudged desperate by the respective Commissioners appointed by this Act, and also except the Stock upon Lands, and such Goods as are used for Household Stuff, and also except such Loans and Debts as are or shall be owing from his Majesty to any Person or Persons), shall be charged with as much Equality and Indifference as ispoffible, by a Pound Rate; that is to say, By an equal Pound Rate for every One hundred Pounds of such ready Money and Debts, and for every One hundred Pounds worth of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, Chattels, or other Personal Estate, and so for any lesser or greater Sum or Value, for or towards the said several and respective Sums by this Act set or imposed, or intended to be set or imposed, for and upon all and every such Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places hereby charged therewith as aforesaid, so that by the said Rates so to be taxed or assessed as aforesaid, for or upon the said ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Chattels, or other Personal Estate, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this present Act, the full and entire Sums hereby set or imposed, or intended to be (et and imposed, in England, Wales, and Berwick as aforesaid, upon the said Pe-fonal Estates, shall be completely and effectually taxed, assessed, levied, and collected, and shall be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer by Four Quarterly Payments, the First Payment thereof to be made on o before the twenty-fourth Day of June which mall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and tuo.

III. An4beit further enacted, That, for and towards raising the several Sums of Money hereby charged on Persons in respect of publick Offices or Employments of Profit, all and every Person and Persons, and all and every

38 G. 3. c. 6o» recited.

Ratel; on Pei tonal Eiiato, charged by 3S G. 3. c. 5. and not authorized to be. Ibid.by 38 G. 3. c. 60. and also on Offices, Pensions, &c. shall be levied within one Year, from March 25, 1802.

The Sums

charged on all Personal Estates within any Parish, &c. under 38 G. 5. c.

§ 3. shall be imputed on such Parishes, ^c. and raised on Personal Estates, deducing Debts due from the Party (except Debts, Stuck on Land, Household Goods, and Loans to his Majesty v to be charged, with as much Equality as poll'll, le, by a Pound Rate for every tooLin Value.

The Rates shall be p; id <^uar-teily, and the fii if Payment by June 24, 1802. Offices ami Employ menth taitid

C. 2.

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1801.

by 38 G. 3. c. 5. (Military Offices of the Army or Navy executed) shall pay the Rate a flirted thereon under that Act,

U-

G. 3. c. 5. or not exempted) shall pay 4s. in the Pound.

Commissioners ef tin; Land Tax, appointed hY 37 O.J. c. 33. 38G. 3. c. 26. 39 and 40 G. 3. c. 31. shall put this Act in Execution,

every Commissioner and Commissioners, having, using, or exercising, any publick Office or Employment of Profit in England, Wales, or Berwick, as aforesaid, which is, or shall be ratea or assessed by virtue of an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and all and every their Clerks, Agents, Secondaries, Substitutes, and other inferior Ministers whatsoever, (such Military Officers who are or shall be in Muller by the Muller Mailer General of his Majesty's Army, or in Pay in his Majesty's Army or Navy, in respect of such Offices only excepted), shall yield and pay unto his Majesty any Sum not exceeding the Sum at which such Office or Employment is, or shall be assessed in the Year'commencing from the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and one, by virtue of the said Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid and Pensions f0 f>'ts Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred (footemi am*; and that all and every Person and Persons, Guilds, Fraternities, Bodies Politick and Corporate,

of Premises, or having an Annuity, pension, Stipend, or other yearly Payment, either out of the Receipt of his Majesty's Ex-included in any chequer in England or out of any Branch of his Majesty's Revenue in Great Britain, or payable, or secured to be Assessmentupon paid by any Person or Persons whatsoever in Great Britain, (not being or issuing out of any Lands, Tenements, or them under 38 Hereditaments, or charged upon the fame, or included in any AsselTment made upon Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, mentioned in the said Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An AHfor granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and not being Annuities or yearly Payments, which, by any Act or Acts of Parliament made or to be made, are or shall be especially exempted from the Payment of Taxes or Aids, ) shall yield and pay unto his Majesty the sum of four Shillings for every twenty Shillings, by the Year, for every such Annuity, Pension, Stipend, «or yearly Payment respectively, and after that Rate for one whole Year; the said several Rates and Sums of Money hereby granted to be assessed, impoftd, levied, andcollefted, in such Manner as herein after is mentioned. "

IV. And be it further enacted, "That, for the better assessing, ordering, levying, and collecting, of the several Sums of Money ftvas aforesaid United and appointed to be raised and paid in the aforesaid Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, and for the more effectual putting this Act in Execution in Reference to the fame, all and every the Person and Persons who, in and by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the thirty-seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land 1 Tax, to be Raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven or in and by another Act, made and passed in the thirty-eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rcQifylhg Miflahs in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made tn the same Session, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, (oj/e raised In Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninetyjeven; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and for indemnifying such Persons as have aHcd as Commissioners for executing the said Act, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven; or in or by another Act, made and passed in the fortieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an AHof this Session of Parliament, intituled, 1 An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Persons, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and certain 1 Duties cn Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred, 9 together with those named in two former AHs, for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, were named and appointed Commissioners for putting in Execution the same Acts within the several Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divisions, and Places, of England, Wales, and Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, duly qualifying themselves according to the said Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid, to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in that Behalf, shall be Commissioners for putting in Execution this present Act, and the Powers therein contained, within and for all and every the Parishes, Constable-wicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places, situate within the same Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divisions, and Places respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several Commissioners aforesaid shall meet together at the most usual and common Places of Meeting, within their respective Hundreds, Lathes, Rapes, Wapentakes, Wards, and other Divisions respectively, within England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, within which they are appointed Commissioners, on or before the thirtieth day of April One thousand eight hundred and two; and shall meet afterwards in like Manner, as often as it shall be necessary, for putting so much of this Act in Execution as is hereby committed to their Care and Charge; and the said Commissioners, or so many of them as shall be present at fucu Meeting or Meetings, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorized and required to inspect and examine the AssefTment8 made by virtue of the said Act, for the Year ending on the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, and ascertain the several and respective Sums of Money charged by virtue of the said Act, in every Parish, Constablewick, Division, Allotment, or Place, for and in respect of any Estate in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Chattels, or other Personal Estate; and also for and in respect of any Offices or Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, as aforesaid, by any Assessment made for the said Year ending on the said twenty-fifth day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, and separate, divide, and set down in Writing the Amount of the several and respective Sums charged upon Estates in ready* Monies, Debts, Goods, Warts, and Merchandizes, Chattels, or other Personal Estate, and also the several and

respective

being qualified as under 38 G. 3. c. 5.

Commissioners shall meet on or before April 30, 1802,

to inspect the Act'effments for the Year ending March 2 5, 1802, on Personal Estate, Offices, ice. and distinguisti them from those on Land.

respecthre Sums charged in rrfpcft of any Offices or Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, as aforesaid, from the Monies charged in such Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, or Places, by virtue of the said Act, upon Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and the said Commissioners are hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, a Schedule or Duplicate, in Parchment, under their Hands and Seals, fa; r!y written, containing the whole Sum affefledon each Parish, Constablewick, Division, Allotment, or Place, where any Assessment Audi have been made upon personal Estates, or in respect of Offices and Employments of Prot't, Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, and also the Christian Names and Surnames of the respective Assessors and Collectors, under the Receiver General of each County, Riding, City, Borough, Town, and Place respectively, where such Assessments shall hive been made, or his Deputy, and shall transmit, or cause to be transmitted, a like Schedule or Duplicate into the King's Remembrancer's Office of the Exchequer, and this the Commissioners shall cause to have done on or before the tenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two; for which Duplicates the Receiver and Remembrancer, or their respective Deputies, shall give to the Person who brings the same a Receipt, in Writing, gratis, under the Penalty of ten Pounds, to be recovered to the King's Use as other Penalties are by this Act recoverable.

the Exchequer, before May 10, 1802. A Receipt shall be given for Schedules,

and shall deliver a Schedule containing the Sum aflfefled on each Place, and the Names of the Assessors and Colle<flors to the Receiver General, and transmit a like Schedule to the Remembrancer's Office of on Penalty of lof.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Parish or Place, in which any Assessment shall Places in which have been or shall be made under and by virtue of the said lass-recited Act on any Person or Persons in respect of Assessments are any Offices or Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, by any Assessment for the Year ending endin^ on the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, shall, from and after that time, be wholly Mweh z^rioty discharged from so much of the Sums to be levied upon such Parish or Place according to the Proportions efta- under 38 G. 3. blished under the said recited Act. c. 5. in respea

of Offices, It c.

shall be thereafter discharged from the Sums thereby levied.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by the said Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be rai/ed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand frven hundred and ninety-eighty are provided and established for ascertaining, raffing, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying, and managing the Rates and Assessments granted by the said Act; and which, by the said other Act, passed in the same thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, intituled, An Act for making perpetual\ fuhjed to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein fated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for one Yeary from the twaity-ffih Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty are continued and made perpetual in relation to the RatCB and Assessment9 charged on Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, until the Redemption and Purchase thereof, shall be practised, used, and put in Execution, in and for the ascertaining, raising, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying, and managing the Rates, Assessments, and Sums of Money to be charged, assessed, and levied by virtue of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Proportions set by this Act upon all and every the respective Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places, in England, Wales, and Berwich-upon-Tweed, in respect of any such personal Estate as aforesaid, shall not be fully assessed, levied, and paid, according to the true Meaning thereof, or if any of the said Assessments in respect of such personal Estate shall be rated or imposed upon any Person not being of Ability to pay the same, or that, through any Wilfiilness, Neglect, Mistake, or Accident, the said Assessment, charged in each Parish or Place as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, happens not to be paid to the Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, as in this Act is directed, that then and in all and every such Case or Cases the several and respective Commissioners, Assessors, and Collectors, acting in the Execution of this Act, and every of them respectively, are hereby authorized and required to assess and re-assess, or cause to be assessed and re-assessed, levied, and paid, all and every such Sum and Sums of Money upon the respective Parishes or Places wherein such Deficicnces shall happen, as to the said Commissioners, or such Number of them as by this Act are authorized to cause the said first Assessment hereby required to be made, shall seem most agreeable to Equity and Justice; the said new Assessment to be made, colieded, and paid, in such Manner, and by such Means, as in this Act, or any Ad hereby referred to, is declared and directed for other Assessments.

IX. And, in order to ascertain more particularly the Mode of assessing and rating the several Persons who shall be charged with any Rate or Assessment, in respect of any Estates in ready Money, Debts, or personal Estate, in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, be it further enacted, That every Person who is or shall be rated for or in respect of any personal Estate to him or her anyways belonging, shall be rated at such Place where be or (he shall be resident at the Time of the Execution of this Act; and all Persons not being Householders, nor having a certain Place of Residence, shall be taxed* at the Place where they shall be resident at the Time of the Execution of this Act; and if any Person who ought to be taxed in England, Walts, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, by virtue of this Act, for or in relped of his or her personal Estate, shall at the Time of his or her Assessment be out of the Realm, such Person shall be rated therefore in such Parish, Constablewick, Division, Allotment, or Place, where he was last abiding within this Realm.

X. Provided always, That where any Person shall have any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Chattels, or personal Estate, in any Parish or Parishes, Constablewick or Constablewicks, Division or Divisions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places, other than the Parish, Constablewick, Division, Allotment, or Place, where he or fhfe shall be resident, or had his or her Residence, it shall be lawful, at any Time before the twenty-fourth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and two, to rate and assess such Person for such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Chattels, or personal Estate, in any Parish or Parishes, Constablewick or Constablewicks, Division or

42 Geo. III. N'n Divisions,

Powers and Penalties, Uc.ot 3S G. 3. c. 5. and made perpetual by 38 G. 3. c. 60; shall be put ia Execution in levying the Rates under this Act.

Where Deficiencies arise, new Assessments shall be made.

Persons shall be rated where resident;

and if out of the Kingdom, in the Place of their lait Abode.

Personal Estate shall be assessed whete it shall be; though the Possessor reside elsewhere.

274

Perform doubly rated shall be discharged of the Excess on Certificate.

This A a shall rot extend to Personrl Estate* in Scotland,

It eland, Jersey, or Guernsey.

Persons avoiding the Tax shall be charged Treble.

Householder* shall give tn Account of their Lodgers, on Demand, on Penally of 5L

Members of Parliament shall be rated at their Man/ienHouses.

Inhabitants of Towns, having personal E ft ate in one or more Parishes, shall be assessed in the one where they reside. Officers of the Exchequer and other Publick. Offices, on Request, shall deliver Lists of Pensions, Annuities, See. to the Commissioners, Sec. for the Guidance of the Assessors, and in Default of Payment of the Rate, it may be flopped out of the Petition, Sec.

Officers shall pay where employed, See.

Officers in Chancery shall be alTciTed in the Roils Liberty.

C. 2. GEORGII III. A.D. 180r.

Division*, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places, where the same shall be; provided also, that if any Person or Persons, by reason of his, her, or their having several Mansion Houses or Places of Residence, or otherwise, shall be doubly charged for any personal Estate by occasion of this Act, then upon Certificate made by any two or more of the Commissioners for the County, Riding, City, or Place of his, her, or their last personal Residence, under their Hands and Seals, of the Sum or Sums charged upon him, her, or them (which Certificate the said Commissioners are hereby required to give without Delay, Fee, or Reward), and upon Oath made of such Certificate before any two Commissioners who have Authority to put this Act in Execution for the County, Riding, City, or Place, where the said Certificate shall be made, which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to administer, then the Person or Persons so doubly charged shall, for so much as shall be certified, be discharged in every other Parish, Constablewick, Division, Allotment, or Place ill England, Walts, or Berwick-upon-Tweed.

XI. Provided also, That this Act shall not extend to the Inhabitants of Scotland, Ireland\ Jcrfej, or Guernsey, for assessing any such personal Estate, which they, or any to their Use, have within those places, for or towards the said Sum hereby authorized to be charged upon any Parish or Parishes, Constablewick or Constablewicks, Division or Divisions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places, in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, as aforesaid; and if any Person that ought to be taxed by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of his or her personal Estate, shall, by changing his or her Place of Residence, or by any other Fraud or Covin, escape from the Taxation, and not be taxed, and the same be proved before the Commissioners, or any two or mere of them, at any Time within one Year next after such Tax made, every Person that shall so escape from the Taxation and Payment shall be charged, upon Proof thereof, at Treble the Value of so much as he or she should or ought to have been charged at by this Act; the said Treble Value, upon Certificate thereof made into the Exchequer by the Commissioners before whom such Proof shall be made, to be levied on the Goods, Lands, and Hereditaments of such Persons.

XII. And, for the better Discovery of personal Estate intended to be charged by this Act, be it further enacted, That every Householder in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, shall, upon Demand of the AssetTors of the respective Parishes or Places, give an Account of the Names and Qualities of such Persons as shall sojourn or lodge in their respective Houses, under the Penalty of forfeiting to lus Majesty the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in such Manner as any other Penalty in this Act mentioned shall and may be levied and recovered.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Members of Parliament, who, at the Execution of this Act, during this or the subsequent Session of Parliament, shall abide within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs of the same, or within the County of Muhllefex, shall, for or in respect of their ready Money or Debts, or any other Tax which may be laid on their personal Estate or Persons in respect thereof, during this or the next Session of Parliament, be assessed only in the Places where such Members have their Mansion Houses, or other Places where they most usually reside during the Intervals of Parliament; and in case any Assessor or Commissioner shall assess, or cause to be assessed, any Member of Parliament, contrary to the Provision hereby made, he or they shall forfeit to the Party grieved the Sum of forty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, together with full Costs of Suit; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, That where any Person liable to be rated in respect of such personal Estate, and inhabiting within the City of London, or any other City or Town Corporate in England, Wales, or Berwick-ufon-Tweed, hath his Dwelling House in one of the Parishes or Wards therein, and hath any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, in any one or more of the other Parishes or Wards within the fame, that then such Person shall be taxed, charged, and assessed, for such his Goods and Merchandizes in the Parish or Ward where he dwelleth, and not elsewhere within the said City and Town Corporate.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Officers in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and in other the Publick Offices, upon Request to them made by the respective Assessora, shall deliver, gratis, true Lifts or Accounts of all Pensions, Annuities, Stipends, or other annual Payments, and of all Fees, Salaries, and other Allowances, payable at the said Receipt, qr in the said Publick Offices, to any Commissioner or Commissioners, Officer or Officers, for the Execution of this Act, for the better Guidance of the said A fie (Tors in the charging of the same; and that in all Cases where any Pensions, Annuities, Stipends, or other yearly Payments, or the Fees, Salaries, Wages, or other Allowances or Profits, charged by this Act, shall be payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer, or at any other Publick Office, or by any of his Majesty's Receivers or Pay mailers in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, the Tax or Payment, which in pursuance of this Act, shall be charged for or in respect of such Annuities, Stipends, Fees, Salaries, Wages, Allowances, or Profits, shall and may (in case of Non-payment thereof) be detained and Hopped out of the same, or out of any Money which shall be paid upon such Pensions, Annuities, Stipends, Fees, Salaries, \Vages, Allowances, or Profits, or for Arrears thereof, and be applied to the Satisfaction of the Rates and Duties not otherwise paid qs aforesaid; and the proper Officers in the said Exchequer, and other the Publick Offices aforesaid, shall keep true Accounts of all Monies Hopped, and (upon Request) shall give Copies of such Accounts to the proper Collectors of such Monies for the respective Parishes or Places where the said Monies are assessed by this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, rated or assessed for his Office or Employment, shall be rated asd pay for his said Office or Employment in the County, City, or Place, where the same shall be exercised, although the Revenue or Profits arificg by such Office or Employment are payable elsewhere.

XVII. Provided always, That the Right Honourable the Mafler of the Rolls, the Mailers in Chancer)*, Six Clerks, Clerks of the Petty Bag, Examiners, Registers, Clerks of the Inrolments, Clerks of the Affidavit and Subpoena Offices, and all other the Officers of the Court of Chancery, that execute their Offices within the

Liber, y

A.D. 1801. 42° GEORGII III. C. 2.

Liberty of the Rolls, shall there be assessed for their respective Offices, Salaries, and other Profits, and not else-vrhere: and the said Matters in Chancery for the Time being, and the said Six Clerks and Registers for the Time being, shall be the Commissioners for putting in Execution, and shall put in Execution this Act, within the said Liberty, and exercise the Powers therein contained; and that all Annuities, Stipends, and Pensions, payable to any Officers in respect of their Offices, shall be taxed and assessed where such Officers are rated and assessed for their Offices, and not elsewhere; and that all other Pensions, Stipends, and Annuities, in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, not charged upon Lands, shall be charged and assessed in the Parishes and Places where they are payable.

XVIII. And whereas divers Offices and Employments of Profit, chargeable by this Act, are executed by Deputy, and the principal Officers living in Places remote from the Division, Parish, or Place, where such

Offices or Employments are taxable, the Rates and Assessments for such particular Offices and Employments cannot be recovered without great Charge and Difficulty; be it therefore enacted, That where any Office or Employment of Profit, chargeable by this Act, is or shall be executed by Deputy, such Deputy shall pay such Assessment as shall be charged thereon, and dedud the same out of the Profits of such Office or Employment; and in case of Refusal or Non-payment thereof, such Deputy shall be liable to such Distress as by this Act is prescribed against any Person having and enjoying any Office or Employment of Profit and to all other Remedies and Penalties therein respectively contained; and that there shall be the like Remedies and Penalties for the recovering the Monies assessed upon any such Office or Employment of Profit to the Land Tax for the Year

One thousand seven hundred and six, and for any subsequent Year not yet satisfied, in all Cases where the Accounts of those Years, or any of them, are not otherwise cleared in the Exchequer.

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not charge, or be construed to charge, her Majesty the Queen, or any of the Royal Family, for or in respect -of any Annuities, or yearly Payments granted to her said Majesty, and to their said Royal Highnesses; but that such Sums of Money, Annuities, or yearly Payments, and her said Majesty, and their Royal Highnesses, and their Treasurers, Receivers General, and Servants, for the Time being, in respect of the same, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions, and other Charges what foe ver.

XX. Provided also, That this Act, or any of the several Clauses herein contained, shall not extend to charge the Pensions of any superannuated Commission or Warrant Sea-officers, or the Pensions of Widows of Sea-om-cers flain in the Service of the Crown; or the Revenue of the most noble Order of the Garter; or the Pensions of the Poor Knights of Windsor, payable out of the Exchequer only; or to charge a certain Pennon of one hundred Pounds granted by the late King Charles the Second to the poor Clergy of the ljle of Man; or to charge the Pensions or Salaries of his Majesty's Pages of Honour; or of the Officers and Persons employed, or to be employed, in collecting the Tolls and Duties payable by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament for making, repairing, or maintaining any publish Roads, by reason of their said Offices or Employments, or any Salary arising thereby.

or the Salaries of Collectors of Toll

XXI. «And whereas the Rents and Revenues belonging to the Residentiaries of the Cathedral Churches in

England and Wales, are chargeable to the Land Tax granted and made perpetual as aforesaid, and in some Cases ' the Overplus of the said Rents and Revenues above such Tax, Repairs, and other Charges, is to go in Shares for the Maintenance of the said Residentiaries, which Shares are diminished by the said Land Tax; it is provided and enacted, That in such C^fes the said Residentiaries shall not, by this Act or any of the Clauses therein contained, be further chargeable as enjoying Offices of Profit out of the said Rents and Revenues; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. 4 And whereas by the said Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, an Act for making perpetual, fuljefl to Redemption ana Purchase in the Manner therein stated, the federal

Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for one Tear, from the twenty-fifth Day of March

One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it was enacted, That the several Duties imposed on Sugar, by three Acts of the twenty-seventh, thirty-fourth, and thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty; on Malt, by an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and the Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff, by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, should continue in Force until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and

ninety-nine, and no longer, but should from thenceforth cease and determine, unless the same should be specially continued by Parliament; which said several Duties have, by an Act made and passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pensions,

Offices, and terfonal Estates in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, been further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred; and also by another Act,

made and passed in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, andpersonal Estates in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred, been further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of march One thousand eight hundred and one; and also by another Act, made and passed in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff,

for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and one, been further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two; be it further enacted, That the said several Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, and the said Acts granting and continuing the fame, and all the Provisions thereof,

N n a shall

275

Matters in

Chancery, Six Clerks, and Re-gitters, shall be Commissioners. Pensions, &c. shall berated where payable.

Where any Office is executed by Deputy, the Assessment flrill be paid by him, &c.

Her Majesty tht C^ueen, or the Royal Family, not chargeable in respeift of Annuities.

Superannuated Sea-officers, Pensions of Widows of Sea-effi-cers. Poor Knights of Windsor, Pen-fion to the Poor Clergy of the Isle of Man, or the Pagesof Honour, >, not chargeable.

Residentiaries not chargeable in certain Cases.

Duties on Sugar by 27G. 3.C. 13. 34 G. 3. c. 4. and 37 G. 3. c. 15-; on Malt, by 27 G. 3. c. 13.; and the Duties of Excise o& Tobacco and Snuff, by 29 G. 3. c. 68. (which, by

38 G. 3. c. 6a §108. were to cease on March 25, i"99> but continued by

39 G. 3. c. 3.

39 and 40 G. 3. c. 3. and

41 G. 3. (G. B.) c. 8.) further continued till March 25,

1803.

Moniei paid int >the E c Sequel under thi* Art Or II l.r, entered fcpa; aie from other Payments.

2, coo, cool, may be bo> rowed on the Credit of tbu Art*

TaJlie» of Loan Dull be struck,c.

'Order* shall be registered end paid ia Course.

Treeftiry may

prepare any Number of Exchequer Bills of one common Sum, or different Sums in the principal Monies.

32, Icc. of the Malt Art, c. 1.

of this Session, relating to Exchequer Bills extended to this Art.

C. 2. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 180r.

shall be, and the same are hereby severally and respectively further continued, from and after the expiration of the Time limited as aforesaid, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, and all Monies arising thereby, which shall be paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, shall be entered separate and distinct from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided and kept, in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, one Book of Register, in which all the Money that shall be paid into the Exchequer for the Rates and Duties hereby granted on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, and also the Rates and Assessments hereby granted on personal Estates, and on Offices and Employments of Profit, Pensions, Annuities, and Stipends, here in-before mentioned, shall be entered and registered apart and distinct from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty.

XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives and Foreigners, Bodies Politick or Corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of two Millions, upon the Funds hereby established and made chargeable as aforesaid, and such other Monies as are by this Act: appointed for repaying the fame, with the Interest thereof, and to have and receive for their Forbearance of the Money lent, Interest after a Rate not exceeding four Pounds and ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, upon or in respect of the whole Amount of the Money so raised, so as such Loans to be allowed be made by the Commissioners of the Treafunr, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three err more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, who are hereby authorized to issue their Warrants for that Purpose, as fast as such Loans shall be wanted for the publick Service; and moreover, that no Money so to be lent upon the Security of this Act shall be rated or aUcffed by virtue of this Act or any other Act or Acts of Parliament whatsoever.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who1 shall lend any Money upon the Credit of this Act as aforesaid, and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall immediately have a Tally of Loan struck for the fame, and an Order for his, her, or their Repayment, bearing the same Date with his, her, or their Tally; in or upon which Order shall be also contained a Warrant for the Payment of Interest for the Forbearance thereof, so that such Interest do not exceed, upon or in respect of the whole Amount of the Monies raised, the said Rate of four Pounds and ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, and to be paid every three Months, until the Repayment of the Principal; and all such Orders for Payment of Money so to be lent shall be registered in Course, according to the Dates respectively; and that all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in Course, according as their Orders shall stand registered in the said Register Books, so as the Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, his, lier, or their Executors, Administratorg, or Assigns, who shall have his, her, or their Order or Orders nrft entered in the said Book of Register, shall be taken and accounted to be the first Person or Persons to be paid out of the Monies to come in by virtue of this Act; and he, she, or they, who shall have his, her, or their Order or Orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid, and so successively and in Course; and that the Monies composing the Funds established by virtue of this Act shall be in the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Persons and Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, respectively, without any undue Preference of one before another, and not otherwise, and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

u No Fee for registering, &c. [as under 41 Geo. 3. cap. 84. §3."] " Penalty on undue Preference, &c. §25,

a 26, 27. \_as under §3, of 41 Geo. 3. cap. 84."] w Orders assignable. §28."

XXIX. And to the End there may be no Want or Failure of a certain Sum, not to exceed in the Whole two Millions, to be raised either by such Loans as aforesaid, or by issuing Exchequer Bills, as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of those Ways or Means, for the Publick Service, be it further provided and enacted, That in, case the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall judge it moige adviseable to raise the said Sum of two Millions, or any Part thereof, by Exchequer Bills, instead of such Loans as aforesaid 5 that then they respectively are hereby authorized and empowered, at any Time or Times, at once, or by such Proportions at a Time as they respectively shall find to be most for the Advantage of the Publick, to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made, at the Exchequer, in such Method and Form as they or he shall think most safe and convenient, any Number of new Exchequer Bills, containing one common Sum or different Sums in the principal Monies; so that in case there shall be no Loans made, then all the principal Sums to be contained in the said Bills to be made forth by this Act shall not exceed two Millions; and in case any such Loans shall be made as aforesaid, then all the principal Sums to be contained in the said Bills to be made forth by this Act, together with such Loans so made, shall not exceed the said Sum of two Millions.

" Bills shall bear an Interest at 4l. 10a. per Cent.par Ann. &c. §30 — 34. lM §21 — 3l of i^c Malt Ad, cap. i. u of this Session."-\

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all the said Bills to be issued as aforesaid shall be current in like Manner, and with such Privileges and Advantages, and subject to such Rules artd Directions as are prescribed and enacted by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, (intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and two, ) for or concerning the Exchequer Bills thereby authorized to be made forth; and that all and every the Claufco and Provisoes in the said last mentioned Act relating to the Currency, exchanging, or receiving the same last mentioned Exchequer Bills by any publick Receivers of Aids, Taxes, or Supplies, or in his Majesty*9 Receipt of the Exchequer, or for preventing the forging, counterfeiting, or altering the same Bills, or for making

*77

A.D. 1801. 42° GEORGII III. C. 2.

out new Bills in the Room of such as shall be filled up with Indorsements, loft, burnt, defaced, or otherwise destroyed, or for making out Exchequer Bills of five thousand Pounds each, or for making ojit. Exchequer Bills without bearing Interest, or for making them afterwards to bear an Interest or a higher or lower Rate of Intercity from Time to Time, as the Contraftore shall agree Lo; or for preventing any Misapplication of the Fund on which the same are charged, or any other Misbehaviour of any Officers concerned in the receiving, issuing, exchanging, paying off, or cancelling the same last mentioned Exchequer Bills; or for enabling the Commissioners of the Treamry, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to contract from Time to Time with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, for Payment of the Interest of, or exchanging for ready Money, on Demand, the Exchequer Bills thereby authorized to be issued, at a Rate or Premium not exceeding four Pounds and ten Shillings per Centum per Annum; or for preventing any Disabilities in such Contractors, or for making them not liable to be Bankrupts on Account of such Contrafts; or for appointing a Paymaster or Paymasters for paying off or cancelling the same Exchequer Bills in due Course and Order; shall be extended, and construed to extend, as well to the Exchequer Bills by this Act authorized to be made forth, except only with respect to such Matters which are otherwise specially provided for in this Act, as to the Exchequer Bills to be made forth in pursuance of the said Act for granting and continuing the Duties on Malty Alum, Cyder, and Perry, as amply, fully, and effectually, to all Intents and rurposes, as it the same Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted, verbatimf in this Act.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Loans and Exchequer Bills to be advanced or lent on the Credit of this Act shall be repaid at such Periods and in such Proportions as shall be settled and ascertained in and by any Contract to be entered into for that Purpose by and between the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, and the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of England, on the Part of the Governor and Company of the said Bank of England, out of the Rates, Duties, and Assessments hereby granted, if the same shall be sufficient; and the Monies which shall from Time to Time arise at the said Receipt of Exchequer, of or for the Rates, Duties, and Assessments, by this Act granted, shall, from Time to Time, as the same shall arise at the said Receipt, be issued and applied at the said Receipt for or towards paying off and discharging the Orders of Loan and Exchequer Bills for the Monies which shall have been lent at the said Receipt, and for satisfying the Interest thereof, at such Times and in such Proportions as aforesaid, until all the Principal and Interest payable upon such Orders of Loan or Exchequer Bills on the Days and Times herein mentioned, shall be fully fati$fied, or fumcient Monies shall be reserved in the Exchequer for the full Payment and Satisfaction of the same; or the Monies which shall from Time to Time arise at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, of or for the said Rates, Duties, or Assessments hereby granted, shall, at such Times and in such Proportions as aforesaid, be issued to such Paymaster by way of Imprest, and upon Account, for or towards paying off and discharging the said Exchequer Bills which shall have been made forth by virtue of this Act, in such Course as aforesaid, and for or towards fych other Payments as are in and by this Act directed or allowed to be made or discharged out of the same, and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Surplus of the Monies arising from the Rates, Duties, and Assessments, granted and iraposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament for continuing and granting a Duty on Penhons, Offices, and personal Estates, on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, after the paying off and satisfying all Sums of Money advanced and lent upon the Security of that Act, not exceeding the Sum of two Biillions, together with all Interest due or to become due thereon, or referring sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid at the Receipt of the Exchequer; and also all the Surplus of Monies arising from the Rates, Duties, and Assessments, granted and imposed by this Act, after paying off 3nd satisfying all the Monies advanced or lent upon the Security of this Act, not exceeding the Sum of two Millions, together with all Interest that may become due on any such Sums, shall, as the Surplus of any such Monies respectively shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, quarterly, on the fifth Day of July, the tenth Day of October,

the fifth Day of January, and the fifth Day of April, or within ten Days after each of these Days and Times in every Year, after the passing of this Act, or sooner if there flin.ll be Occasion, the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Tcnfurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, mall cause a true and perfect Account in Writing to be taken, and attested by the proper Officers, of all the Monies which shall have been raised by Loans or by Exchequer Bills, or by any or either of those Ways or Means, for or towards the said Sum not exceeding two Millions, by this Act intended to be raised as aforesaid, and which ought to be paid and discharged before the End of each Quarter, and how much thereof shall, before the End of each Quarter, have been paid off and discharged,

and how much thereof shall at the End of each Quarter, remain undischarged upon the said Orders

of Loan and Exchequer Bills respectively, or upon any or either of them; and if at the End of any Quarter there shall not be, in the said Receipt of the Exchequer, furficient Monies of the said Rates, Duties, and Assessments hereby granted, the Monies so remaining unsatisfied or not discharged, with the Interest due for the fame, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund (except such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund as are appropriated to any piuvb-nku* Use or U fes'y any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Monies of the said C - iolidated Final surd and may be

issued for supplying Money to the said Paymaster, for discharging the said uniat! died Orders of Loan or Exchequer Bills in Course, as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Kign Treasurer for the 7'ime being, shall direct, until all the Principal and Interest which shall be or remain due upon t he ibid Order of Loan or Exchequer Bills, or any of them, shall be fully cleared and paid off, or Money fuf sclent shall be reserved fi r that Purpose: And if at any Time or Times, before or after any Money of the said Rates, Duties, or Aibumcr.ts hereby granted, shall be brought into the Exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a Want of Money L r

paying

The Loans and Exchequer Bills shall he repaid at such Periods as shall be settled by Contract, and the Money arising by this Act Hull be applied for thus Purpose-, &c.

Surplus Monies arising from the Duties imposed by 39 and 40 G. 3. c. 3. and by this Act, shall be carried to the Consolidated Fund.

The Treasury

shall take an Account, quarterly, of the Money raised by Loans or Exchequer Kills; and unsatisfied Money, r.t the End of any Quarter, shall be charged on the Consolidated Fund.

u.

278

and (Hall be replaced out of the first Supplies.

How Deficiency of Tax on Pensions under 39 and 40 G. 3.

3. shall ba iuppliecL

(Penalties, if , iut-d foi in six Months, shall be applied £ to the King and £ to the Informer; .but Attorney General may .enter a Nol.prof.

If not f.ted for in that Time, Penalties shall only be reco-veied in the 2s a me of the Attorney Gene-Ul, 6c c.

limitation of Anions,

6 Months.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

C. 2. 42° GEORGII IIl. A.D. 1801.

paying Interest which shall be actually incurred and grown due upon the said Orders of Loan or Exchequer Bills, or any of them, or for Payment of any Premium or Rate which shall be incurred or grown due by any Contract or Contracts to be made by virtue of this Act for exchanging the same Bills, that then, and in every such Case, the Money so wanted shall and may be supplied out of the said Rates, Duties, and Assessments hereby granted, remaining in the said Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid, if there shall be sufficient of those Monies in the said Receipt, otherwise the same shall and may be supplied out of the Monies of the said Consolidated Fund, (except as before excepted), and be issued accordingly.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whatever Monies (h<Jl be issued out of the said Consolidated Fund shall, from Time to Time, be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And whereas several Orders of Loan or Exchequer Bills made upon and in pursuance of an Act of

Parliament of the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pensons, Offices, and personal EJlcUes in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-

upon-Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugary Malty Tobaccoy and Snuffy for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred), dill remain unpaid, for Want of sufficient Money arising by the said Act being come into the Exchequer to answer and pay the same, and it is uncertain how iftuch thereof the Monies arising by the said Act will be able to answer and discharge be it enacted, That if the Money arisen or to arise into the Exchequer, for or on Account of the said Aids, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September, which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and two, shall not be sufficient to discharge the whole Principal and Interest due, or to grow due, on the several Orders of Loan or Exchequer Bills made upon or in pursuance of the said Act, that then so much Money as shall then appear to be deficient or wanting for answering the Purposes aforesaid, shall and may be supplied and made good out of any of the Monies arising into the Exchequer by or from the Loans or Exchequer Bills on this Act, or any other Monies or Loans that are or shall be appropriated for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and two, and the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall direct and apply the same accordingly; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures hereby imposed shall, if sued for within six calendar Months from the Time of such Penalties or Forfeitures being incurred, be one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same within the Time aforesaid, and which shall and may be sued for in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster for Offences committed in England, or in his Majesty's Court of Exchequ er in Scotland for Offences committed in Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; but nevertheless it shall be lawful for his Majesty's Attorney General in England, or his Majesty's Advocate in Scotland, in case it shall appear to his Satisfaction that any such last mentioned Penalty or Forfeiture was incurred without Intention or Fraud, to stay all further Proceedings, by entering a Noli prosequi, or otherwise, with respect as well to the Share of such Penalty or Forfeiture claimed by such Informer or Informers, as to the Share thereof belonging to his Majesty.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Default of Prosecution within the Time herein-before limited, no such last mentioned Penalty or Forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable, except in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General in England, and of his Majesty's Advocate in Scotland, by Information in the Court of Exchequer in England or Scotland respectively, in which Case the Whole of such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successor3; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be paid into the Hands of such Person or Persons as the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall appoint to receive the same, to the Use of his Majesty, and that in all Cases where the whole of such pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures shall be recovered to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause such Reward, as they shall think fit, not exceeding one Moiety of such Penalty or Forfeiture so recovered, after deduding all Charges and Expences incurred in recovering the lame, to be paid thereout to or amongst any Person or Persons who shall appear to them entitled thereto as Informers in respect of such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in any other Cases to recover Costs by Law.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session. $ 44/*

A.D. 1801.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 3.

*79

CAP. III.

An Act to revive and continue until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, so much of an Act made in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Use of Salt, Duty free, in preserving of Fish; and to discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported; and to indemnify all Persons who have issued or acted under any Orders for delivering Salt, Duty free, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

[21st November 1801.]

WHEREAS, an Act passed in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing until the fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and one, the Use of Salt, Duty free, in the preserving of Fish in Bulk or in Barrels; for protecting Persons engaged in such Fisheries from being imPfeJ[fd tn*o his Majestf s Service; for discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported; and for allow-

41 G. 3. C. 2Vfr

conti-

ing a Bounty on Pilchards now curedwhether exported or sold for Home Consumption; which Act was to

nuc in force till the fifteenth Day of 03ober> and no longer: And whereas it is highly expedient for procuring

a Supply of good and wholesome Food for the Consumption of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, that the said Act, so far as the same relates to the allowing the use of Salt, Duty free, and to discontinuing

the Bounty on White Herrings exported, should be revived and continued be it therefore enacted by the King's raoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, and all the Provisions therein contained, relating to Salt being allowed Duty free, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and to the discontinuing the Bounty on White Herrings exported, shall, from and immediately after the said fifteenth Day of 0Sober One thousand eight hundred and one, be revived, and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue in full Force and Effcdl, from and immediately after the said fifteenth Day of Q3obery until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three.

Recited Act, reflating to Salt being allowed Duty free, and to the discontinuing the Bounty on hire

Herrings exported, revived, and continued from Od. 15, i3oi, until March 25, 1803.

II. 4 And whereas at the Expiration of the said Act it appeared highly expedient, for the continuing the said Supply of Fish, that the Regulations of the said Act should be continued, and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, in pursuance of Directions to that Effect from the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, have permitted the Delivery and Use of Salt, Duty free, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, since the said fifteenth Day of 03oberf which has proved to be beneficial to the Publick; wherefore it is expedient, that all Persons issuing, giving, or advising such Directions as aforesaid, or concerned in the issuing,

giving, or advising any such Directions, and also all Persons acting under the fame, or in pursuance thereof,

should be indemnified be it therefore enacted, That all Persons issuing, giving, or advising any such Directions as aforesaid, or concerned in the issuing, giving, or advising any such Directions, and also all Persons acting under or in pursuance of the said Directions, shall be, and are hereby indemnified for and on account of the same, and of any Act, Matter, or Thing done in pursuance of and in Conformity with such Directions as aforesaid, 4s fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if the same Directions had been given, and such Acts, Matters, and Things done in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted, That all personal Actions and Suits, Indictments and Informations, and all Prosecutions and Proceedings whatsoever, which have been, or shall be hereafter prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons, for having delivered or used any Salt, Duty free, pursuant to such Permission, and to the Regulations and Restrictions in the said Act mentioned, before the passing of this Act, or against any Person or Persons, for or by reason of any Act, Matter, or Thing advised, commanded, appointed, or done, or forbom to be done in relation thereto, shall be discharged and made void by virtue of this Act; and that if any Action or Suit shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons, for or by reason of any such Act, Matter, or Thing, he, she, or they may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in any Action or Suit so to be prosecuted or commenced, shall become nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Discontinuance, or if a Verdict pass against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her, or their Double Costs, for which he, she, or they shall have the like Remedy, as in Cases where the Costs by Law are given to Defendants.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit hath been already commenced against any Person or Persons for any such Act, Matter, or Thing as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defenders in such Actions or Suits respectively, in whatever Courts in Great Britain such Actions or Suits shall have been commenced, to apply to such Court or Courts respectively to (lay ^11 Proceedings therein respectively by Motion in a summary Way, and such Court or Courts are hereby authorized and required to make Orders for the Purpose accordingly, and the Court or Courts making such Order shall award and allow to the Defendants and Defenders respectively, double Costs of Suit, for which they shall respectively have the same Remedy as in Cases where the Costs are by Law given to Defendants or Defenders.

M Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §

Persons indemnified for having issued Ditedions in pursuance of ihofe given by ihe recited Act, or for having acted under such Directiont, since Od. 15.

Actions brought against such Persons for having donefo, ihaUbevoid, &c.

[Double Costs.]

Where Proceedings in such Actions aie stopped, the Defendants shall be allowed

CAP.

C.

280 ' C. 4, 5, 6

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1801.

4tO. 3. (G.B.) c. 7.

G. (U. Ki) : c. 17. §9.

lnfteadofiS, iS9

as mentioned by the recited A .ft, iS, i$ 5 only Ch.ill be called the fortunate Tickets.

Lottery Hull begin Drawing on thj ift (indead of the; d) of March itloz. See 4>G-3. (P.A\)

§ ip.

CAP. IV.

An Act to repeal an Act made In the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit until the first Day of October One thousand eight hundred and oney and from .thence to the End of six Weeks next after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, any Person or Persons from felling any Bread which shall not have been baked twenty four Hours; and to indemnify Bakers and other Peiifons who have fold or exposed to Sale any Bread within the Time prohibited by the said Act.

[21st November 1801.]

CAP. V.

An Act to continue until the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and two, so much of an Act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty as relates to the reducing the Duties upon Worts or Wash brewed or made from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, or to any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits; for reviving and continuing for the same Period so much of the said Act as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch $ and for continuing for the same Period an Act made in the same Session of Parliament for prohibiting the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran in Scotland j and so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament as relates to allowing the Distillation of Spirits in Scotland from Melasses or Sugar at a lower Rate of Duty. [11th December 1801.]

u §1 — 3. of 39 & 40 Geo. 3. cap. 8. [formerly continued by cap. 61 of that Session, and 41 Geo. 3. (G.B.) cap. 5.]

M further continued till, &c. — $ 6. See. of said Act 39 & 40 Geo. 3. cap. 8. [formerly continued by

" 41 Geo. 3. (G.B.) cap. 20. §1. and 41 Geo. 3. (U.K.) cap. 19. §1.] revived and continued till, &c. §2.

<€ 39 & 40. Geo. 3. cap. 7. [formerly continued by cap. 21 of that SeJfiony and 4I Geo. 3. (G.B.) cap. 5.3 further M continued §3. — §4, 5. of 41 Geo. 3. (U.K.) cap. 29. continued — §4."

CAP. VI.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money for the Service of Great Britain, to be raised by a Lottery, and to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the Commencement of the Drawing of the said Lottery. [ 11 th December 1801.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money for the Service of Great Britain, to be raised by a Lottery, it is enacted, that eighteen thousand one hundred and eighty-nine Tickets in the said Lottery should be and

be called fortunate Tickets: And whereas it was intended that eighteen thousand one hundred and eighty-five

Tickets, and no more, should be and be called fortunate Tickets; for Remedy whereof, ' be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act as directs and requires that eighteen thousand one hundred and eighty-nine of the Tickets in the said Act described and mentioned, should be and be called the fortunate Tickets, shall be repealed, and that instead and in lieu thereof, eighteen thousand one hundred and eighty-five Tickets only of the said Tickets, part of the sixty thousand Tickets in the said recited Act mentioned, shall be and be called the fortunate Tickets, and shall be written upon or expressed as such, and that forty-one thousand eight hundred and fifteen Tickets, being the Residue of the said sixty thousand Tickets, shall be and be called blank Tickets; and all and every the Clauses and Provisions, Regulations and Directions of the said recited Act, shall be construed as if eighteen thousand one hundred and eighty-five Tickets only had been in and by the said Act directed and required to be and be called fortunate Tickets, and forty-one thousand eight hundred and fifteen Tickets had been thereby directed to be and be called blank Tickets; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as directs that the Managers and Directors in the said Act mentioned shall cause the several Boxes in the said Act mentioned, with all the Tickets therein, to be brought into some convenient Hall or Place within the City of London, on or before the third Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, and that Notice thereof shall be published in the London Gazette fourteen Days at the lealt before the said third Day of March, shall be repealed; and that the said Managers and Directors shall on or before the first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, in lieu and instead of the said third Day of March in the said recited Act mentioned, do and perform, and cause to be done and performed, all and every the Acts, Matters, and Things, in and by the said Act required to be done* on or before the said third Day 01 March, and shall. publish in Manner in the said Act mentioned, such Notice as in the said Act mentioned, fourteen Days at least before the said first Day of March; and all and every the Clause<* Provisions, Regulations, and Directions of the said recited Act shall be construed as if the said first Day of March had been mentioned in the said Act instead and in lieu of the said third Day of March; any Thing in the id Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

AJ5. i.8 or.

4 % GEORGII IH,

8. 28-1

CAP. VII.

An Act to repeal an Act, made in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to permit, until the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and two, the Importation of certain Naval Stores from Hamburgh and other Ports of Germany. [11th December j 801.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 39 G. 3. c. ut. 4 j V An Act to permit, until thefrji Day of August One thousand eight hundred and two, the Importation of certain Naval Stores from Hamburgh and other Ports of Germany: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act 4 should be repealed; be it therefore enacted tby the KingVmost Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the feipe, That the said Act {hail, from and after the first Day of February One thousand eight hundred and two, be and the same is hereby repealed.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer Pills. [11th December 1801J

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, being desiroui to make some Provision towards Satisfaction of tcertain Exchequer Rills now-outstanding, have resolved that all Persons interested in or entitled unto certain Ex-jehequer Bills* should be entitled in respect of the same to such Principal Sums in Annuities as are herein after .mentioned* subjc&, to the Provisions01 this Act? we your Majesty's most faithful Commons do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty .that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and.Cofomoos, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Pecfons interested in or .entitled unto any Exchequer Bill or Bills, made out by virtue of as AS, passed in the thirty.mnth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for raising tie Sum of three millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Doans or Exchequer Bills far the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred; and also of an Act of the same .Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raifng the further Sum of three millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand fight hundred; and of another Act passed in theiaft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of two miliums for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and also vf another Act of Jthe last Beflion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raifng the Sum offix millions five hundred thousand Pounds by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand fight hundred and one; who shall, on or before the twenty-eighth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and one, carry the same to the Office of the Paymaster of Exchequer Bills, shall have in Exchange for the feme from such Paymaster a Certificate or Certificates to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, expressing the Sum contained in such Bill or Bills, which Certificate or Certificates shall entitle such Person or Persons to Capital Stock in the Annuities herein after mentioned, to the Amount and in the Proportions herein after set forth; that is to fey, to the Sum of twenty-five Pounds Capital Stock in Annuities after Ihe Rate of five Pounds per 'Centum per Annum, to-be added to those granted by an Act made in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and to commence from the tenth Day of 0Sober One thousand eight hundred and one; to the Sum of fifty Pounds Capital Stock in Annuities after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and one; to the Sum of twenty-five Pounds Capital Stock in Consolidated Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one; to the Sum of twenty-five Pounds Capital Stock in Reduced Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and one; and to an Annuity of one Shilling and Nine-pence, to continue for a certain Term of fifty-eight Years and three Months from the tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and one, and then to cease, for each One hundred Pounds contained in any such Certificate or Certificates, and so in proportion for any greater Sum; and that all Persons interested in or entitled unto such Exchequer Bills as aforesaid shall, by delivering the feme on or before the said twenty-eighth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and one into the said Office of Paymaster of Exchequer Bills, be deemed to have accepted of the aforesaid Terms.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who shall be poffieffedof, interested in, or entitled unto any Exchequer Bill or Dills herein-before mentioned, to deliver such Bill or Bills to the proper Officer in the Office of the Pay-maker of Exchequer Bills, to be marked and certified in such Maimer as is -herein after mentioned, at any Time on or before the said twenty-eighth Day of November One thousand right hundred and one, and at such Place as shall have been appointed by Notice given in the London Gazette and other publick Papers for that Purpose.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, who shall deliver any such Exchequer Bill or Bills as aforesaid, upon producing such Certificates as are hereby directed to be made forth by the Paymaster of Exchequer Bills, in lieu of such Bill or BilU, shall, for every Sum of One hundred Pounds contained therein, and so in proportion for any greater Sum, have and be entitled to the respective Annuities herein -before mentioned, to be paid or payable to such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or such as he, she, or they shall appoint, his, her, or their Execupors, Administrators, Successorfe, or AffigQs.respectively; which feid Annuities shall be in Leu of such Bills, and shall be paVable Half-yearly at the Bank of England, at the most usual Days of Payment in the Year for-such respective Annuities \ thatia to 42. GEO. III. O o fey.

After Feb. r, 180 2, recited ASl repealed.

Exchequer Hilfi made out by virtue of 39 & 40 G. 3. c. ios and c. 104; and of*4i G. 3. c.

81 and c. 82, carried to the Paymaster of Exchequer Bills by J*Jov. 28, rooi, shall re-ceiveCcrtificatet to the Bank entitling the Hold-errto Stock and an Annuity.

Holders of Exchequer Billi may deliver them to be marked and certified.

Upon Delivery of Certificate* the Parties shall be*, entitled to Annuities payable Half-yearly □I jltt'Baiik «t

a82

C. 8.

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1801.

Paymaster upon Delivery of Exchequer Bills, shall gi.e Cer-liheales of their Amount, which may be assigned teforejan. 14, 1802, and shall be free from Stamp Duty.

Guardian* may deliver up Bill* for the Benefit ef Infant?, who shall be entitled so Annuities.

Executors, &c. may deliver up Bills in their Possession to be certified, &c.

Sank, on Receipt of Certificates, shall give Credit in a Book for the Stock, and Annuity;

and, by July 5, 1802v transmit a Duplicate to the Auditor of the Exchequer.

Holders of Bills desirous of subscribing 50l. for very tool, oi their Value,

say, the fifth Day of April and the tenth Day of October in every Year, for and in respect of the said sevend Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Ankum % of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and of one Shilling and Ninepence for the Term of fifty-eight Years and three Months; and the fifth Day of January and the fifth Day of July in every Year, for and in respect of the said Consolidated Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum; the first Payment on the said several Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, four Pounds per Centum per Annum, three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and of one Shilling and Ninepence, for the Term of fifty-eight Years and three Months, to become due on the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two; and on the said Consolidated Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to become doc on the fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and two; and that all Persons and Corporations entitled to any such Annuity or Annuities aforesaid, and his, her, and their Administrators, Successors, and Assigns respectively, and all Persons and Corporations lawfully claiming under him, her, or them, shall have good, fore, absolute, and indefeazabie Estates and Interests in the said respective Annuities, according to the true Tenor and Meaning of this Act, until the Redemption or Expiration thereof in the Manner herein directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon the delivering in of such Exchequer Bills to the Paymaster of Exchequer Bills by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, the said Paymaster shall, and he is hereby authorized and required forthwith to give Certificates signed by him for the Principal Sum or Sums contained in such respective Bills, to such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or his, her, or their Assigns; and all such Certificate: shall be assignable by Indorsement thereupon made at any Time before the fourteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and two, and no longer; and no such Certificate or Assignment thereupon shall be charged with any Stamp Duties whatever; and the Amount of the Principal, certified in Manner before directed, shall be the Principal Sumo for which the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, delivering such Bills shall be entitled to such Capital Stocks as aforesaid, after the respective Rates hereki-before mentioned for every one hundred Pounds contained in such respective Certificates, and so in proportion for any greater Sum.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Infant or Infants shall have become entitled to any of the said Bills, in such Case the Guardian or Guardians, Trufiee or Trustees, of such Infant or Infants, shall or may, and he, she, or they is or are hereby empowered, for the Benefit of such Infant or Infants, to deliver up the same to such Paymaster of Exchequer Bilb; and such Infant or Infants, upon such Guardian or Guardians Trustee or Trustees delivering up such Bill or Bills, shall be entitled to such Certificates as aforesaid, and shall also be entitled to the Annuities as aforesaid, as fully as any other Person or Persons whatever; and the said Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, shall be discharged from the same, so as the Name of such Infant or Infants be expressed in such Certificate or Certificates; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. Provided aHo, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who as Executors, Administrators, Trustees, Committees of Idiots or Lunaticks, or Persons of unfound Mind, Depositaries, or Mortgagees, (haM be or become possessed of, interested in, or entitled unto any of the said Bills, shall and may deliver up such Bills as they

'shall be respectively possessed of, interested in, or entitled unto, in Manner before directed, to be cancelled and certified as aforesaid; and as to Executors or Administrators, the Capital Stock of Annuities which they shall be respectively entitled to, in respect of the said Bilb so by them delivered up, and the Dividends from Time to Time arising therefrom, shall be Assets in their Hands in the same Manner as the said Bills were or would have been had they not beenfo delivered up; and as to Trustees, Committees, Depositaries, and Mortgagees, the Capita! Stock of Annuities which they shall be respectively entitled untes for and in respect of such Trad or mortgaged Bills which they shall deliver up as aforesaid, and the Dividends from Time to Time arising therefrom, shall be subject and liable to the same Trails, or Equity of Redemption, as. such Bills were or woiud have been had they not been so delivered up for such Annuities as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governor and Company* of the Bank of England, and their Successors* or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpost* and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorized and required to take in and receive all and every of the

Certificates to be made out in lieu of the said Bills as aforesaid, in pursuance of the Directions of this Act; and upon the Receipt of every such Certificate, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required, in respect of every such Principal Sum of one hundred Pounds contained in such Certificate so brought to him or them as aforesaid, and so in proportion for any greater Sum, forthwith to give Credit in a Book or Books to be prepared for that Purpose, for the respective Principal Sums herein-before mentioned in the said Annuities of five Pounds per-Centum per Annum, of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, of three Pounds per Centumper Annum respectively, and of one Shilling and Ninepence, for the Term of fifty-eight Years and three Months; and the Persons*. Bodies Politick or Corporate, to whose Credit such respective Principal Sums shall be entered in the said Boole or Books, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall and may have Power to assign and transfer the fame, or any Part, Share, or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, or Corporate whatsoever, in other Books to be prepared and kept for that Purpose; and the said Governor and Company for the Time being, shall also, on or before the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, transmit an attested Duplicate, fairly written on Paper of the said Book or Books, hrft herein-before mentioned, into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there to remain for ever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons who shall be possessed of any such Exchequer Bill or Bills, and who shall be desirous of subscribing or contributing the Sum of fifty Pounds for every one hundred Pounds Principal Sum contained in such Bill or Bills, to make a Deposit on or before the first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and one, of twenty-five Pounds per

Centum

A.D. 180r. 4S° GEORGII III. C. 8.

Calm on such Sums he t* (he ftiail so chuse to' subscribe, with the Chief Cashier or Caftiiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; which Cashier or Cashiers in and are hereby ap]>ointed the Receiver and Receivers of such Subscriptions or Contributions, (without any other Warrant to be had on that Behalf), as a Security for making the future Paym^kta on or before the Days or Times, and in the Proportions herein after limited and appointed in that Behalf; that w to say, the further Sum of twenty-live Pounds per Centum, en or before the eighteenth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and one, and the remaining Sum of fifty Pounds per Centum, on or before the fifteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and two.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Guardian or Trustee, having the Disposition of the Money of any Infant, to contribute and pay for or towards the Purchase of the said Annuities or any of them; and such Infant, upon the Payment of such Sum or Sums subscribed by such Guardian or Trustee, shall become a Contributor within the Meaning of this Act, and be entitled to have and receive the Annuities, Advantages, and Payments in respect thereof, in such and the like Manner as any other Contributor; and the said Guardian and Trustee, as to the said Sum or Sums so advanced, is hereby discharged, so as the Name of such Infant be expressed in the Receipt or Receipts for such Money.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Contributor, paying in the Whole of the Sums by them respectively

subscribed as aforesaid, at any Time on or before the seventeenth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and one, shall be entitled to an Allowance of so much Money as the interest of each Sum so paid in Advance for completing his, her, or their Contribution respectively shall amount unto, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum for each Instalment, from the Day on which such Payment shall be made to the respective Days on which such Instalment would have become payable in pursuance of this Act, which Allowance is to be paid by the said Cashier or Caftiiers out of the Money so contributed in pursuance of this Act, as soon as such respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall have completed such Payment.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said several Subscribers or Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall, for every fifty Pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the Principal Sum of twelve Pounds and ten Shillings in the said Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum; to the Principal Sum of twenty-five Pounds in the said Annuities after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum; to the Principal Sum of twelve Pounds and ten Shillings in the said Consolidated Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum; to the Principal Sum of twelve Pounds and ten Shil- ngs in the said Reduced Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum; and to an Annuity of Ten-pence Halfpenny, to continue for the said Term of fifty-eight Years and three Months, and then to ccafc; which said respective Annuities shall be payable and paid Half-yearly, by even and equal Portions, in such and the like Manner as the Annuities herein-before granted are directed to be payable and paid, but shall not he payable until the respective Subscribers or Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall have completed the whole of the Sums by them subscribed for the Purchase of the said Annuities.

XII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall have completed their Payments of such Part of the whole Sum payable by them respectively, as shall be payable in respect of all or any of the said several Annuities to which they respectively shall become entitled, the Principal Sum or Sums in the said respective Annuities shall forthwith be in the Books of the Bank of England placed to the Credit of such respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, completing such Payments respectively; and the Person or Persons to whose Credit such Principal Sums shall be to respectively placed, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall and may have Power to assign and transfer the fame, or any Part, Share, or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate whatsoever, in the Books of the Bank of England; and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, to prepare proper Books for the Purpose of entering the Names of all such Contributors, and of placing to their Credit the Principal Sums so paid by them respectively, and that such of the said Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, who shall complete the Payments of such Parts of the whole Sum payable by them respectively, as shall be payable in respect of any or either of the said respective Annuities, at any Time before the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall have prepared their Receipts according to the Directions of this Act, shall be entitled to have the Sums so paid forthwith placed to their Credit in the Books of the Bank of England; and the said Governor and Company are hereby required to cause such Sums to be forthwith placed to the Credit of the Persons entitled to the Annuities in respect thereof in the Books of the Bank of England, and such Entries in the said Books shall be in lieu of the Receipts hereby directed to be given for all Sums paid in Manner aforesaid; and such Sums shall carry the said Annuities after the Rate ot five Pounds per Centum per Annum, the said Annuitits after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, the said Consolidated Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, the said Reduced Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, respectively redeemable by Parliament; and the said Annuity of Ten-pence Halfpenny, for fifty-eight Years and three Months; and shall respectively be taken and deemed to be Stock transferrable according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, until Redemption thereof in such Manner as is herein after mentioned-

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every such Contributor or Contributors, his. Her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, who shall have paid into the Hands of the Cud Cashier or Cashiers the Whole of his, her, or their Contribution Money, in respect of the said Consolidated Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, on or before the second Day of January

283

may make a Deposit of 25l. per Cent, by Dec. 1, i»or, and pay the Remainder by Instalments.

Guardians may contribute for Infants.

Contributors paying the Whole of their Subscriptions on orbcforePec. 17, iSof, shall be allowed Discount.

Subscribers for t\cry col. shall be entitled to Suck aid a it Annuity as herein specified.

As soon as Contributions aie con.; Icier, the Stock shall be placed to the Cicwit of the Sulla ibc.s at the Bank, w! i< h may be aliigr.ed.

Bank shall prepare lor

entering the Names of Contributors, and placing jtJ tluir L; er.it tin.* Sums paid,

Con ntorr p.A in; they !w» e oi i bet. Su' !<.r»j lion f Ja.u, i '

llhlU u»:

284

Time prescribed by (hi s A a.) shall be entitled to Annuities from ceirain Periods*

Annuities shall be payable out of the Consoli-ciated Fund of threat Britain.

Application of the Money that shall be paid to Che Bank.

Bank shall appoint a Cashier and an Accountant General.

Money shall be issued at the Exchequer for Payment of Annuities.

Cashier shall p^y them without Delay.

Accountant General shall examine the Cashier's Vouchers.

Contributors paying the Whole of their Subscriptions shall be entitled lo their Aonui-

G.8. 44° GEORGII IK. A.C. iiot,

nuary One thousand eight hundred and two, shall be entitled to have and receive on the fifth Day of Jamtarp One thousand eight hundred and tvfro, at the Bank of England, the Half-year's Annuity after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Animm, that shall become due on the said fifth Day of January One thousand eight iiundred and two; and that all and every such Contributor or Contributors, his, ner, or their Executors, Admini ft rators, Successors, and Assigns, shall, on paying into the Hands of the find Cashier or Cashier* the Whole of his, her, or their Contribution Money, in respect of the hud Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, or of the said Annuities after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, or of the said Reduced Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, or of the said Annuity of Ten^ 'pence Half-penny, for fifty-eight Years and three Months, be entitled to have and receive on the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two, at the Bank of England, the respective Half-year's Annuities that shall become due on the said fifth Day of Abril One thousand eight hundred and two; and that all and every Person or Persons who shall not have completed the whole of their said Payments, in respect of the said Consolidated Annuities, on or before the said second Day of January One thousand eight hundred and two, {half? on completing the same within the Time in this Act prescribed, be entitled to receive the Year's Annuity in the said Consolidated Annuities, from the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one to the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, according to the true Intent and Meaqing of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all the said Annuities shall be charged and chargeable upon and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, after paying or referring sufficient to payaH such Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same; and that the said several Annuities of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, of four Pounds per Centum ptr Annum, and of three Pounds per Centum per Annum respectively, shall be subject to Redemption by Parliament in Manner herein-after1 mentioned.

XV. ' And whereas the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are possessed of certain Exchequer 1 Bills made out by virtue of the Acts herein-before mentioned, amounting in the Whole to the Suhi of two millions three hundred eighty-one thousand and two hundred Pounds be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby directed and required, to pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster so much of the Monies herein directed to be paid to the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company, as shall be sufficient tofatisfy and discharge sill Interest which shall have become due, on and up to the twenty-eighth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and one, for and in respect of all the Exchequer Bills that shall have been delivered into the said Office of the Paymaster of the Exchequer Bills, under and pursuant to the Provisions of this Act; and after paying such Sum and Sums of Money as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company to retain so much of the Mofiies herein directed to be paid to the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and discharge the Exchequer Bills in the Possession of the said Governor and Company as aforesaid, and all Interest due thereupon; and all such Exchequer Bills shall be received at the Receipt of the Exchequer in Discharge of the said Monies, or any Part thereof: Provided al* ways, That in case any Surplus shall remain in the Hands of the said Cashier or Cashiers beyond the Sum necessary to discharge the said Exchequer Bills, and the Interest thereof as aforesaid, then and in such Case, the said Cashier or Cashiers shall, and he or they is and are hereby directed and required forthwith to pay the same into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, to be applied in the Payment and Discharge of all such Exchequer Bills, together with the Interest thereon, as shall not have been converted into Annuities in pursuance of this Act; and the Residue, if any, shall be applied towards such Services for Great Britain as shall have been or shall be voted in this Session of Parliament.

XVI. And, for the more easy and sure Payment of the Annuities established by this Act, it is hereby further enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, ana their Successors, shall, front Time to Time, appoint and employ one or more sufficient Person or Persona, within their Office, in the City of London, to be their Chief or First Cashier or Cashiers, and one other Person or Persons within the same Office* to be their Accountant General; and that so much of the Monies, from Time to Time, being in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the said Consolidated Fund, by this Act made applicable for that Purpose, as shall be sufficient to answer the said Annuities, shall, by the Order of the Commimoners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that Behalf, from Time to Time, at the respective Days of Payment in this Act appointed, be issued and paid at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, to the First or Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors for the Time being, hv way of Imprest and upon Account for the Payment of the said Annuities; and that such Cashier or Cashiers to whom the said Monies shall from Time to Time be issued, shall, from Time to Time, without Delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his or their Accounts thereof according to the due Course of the Exchequer.

XVII. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said Accountant General for the Time being shall, from Time to Time, inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and the Vouch* ers relating thereto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence, or Delay.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That such Contributors duly paying the Whole Sum so subscribed at or before the respective Times in this Act limited in that Behalf, and their respective Executors, Administrators* Successors, and Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this Act to have, receive, and enjoy, the said several Annuities by this Act granted in respect of the Sum so subscribed, and shall have good and sure Intcreils and Estates therein* according to the several Provisions in this Act contained; and

A.£>.i8ot. 42" GEORGII nr. C. 8.

that the said several Annuities shall be fr&e from all 'faxes, Charges, and Irripofitions whatsoever: Provided always, That in case any such Contributors who shall pay to thf said Cashier or Cashiers any Sum or Sums of Money, at the Time and in the Manner herein-before mentioned, in Part of the Sum or Sums so by them respectively subscribed, or their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall not advance and pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers the Residue of the Sum or Sums so subscribed at the Times and in the Manner before mentioned, then and in every such Case so much of the respective Sum or Sums so subscribed as shall have been actually paid in Part thereof to the said Cashier or Cashiers, shall be forfeited for the Benefit of the Publick, and all Right and Title to the said several Annuities, or either of them, in rc-spect thereof, shall be extinguished 5 any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not-wkhstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, that all the Exchequer Bills and Monies converted into Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, by virtue of this Act, or intended so to be, shall be deemed, reputed, and taken to be, one capital or joint Stock, and shall be added to and made Part of the joint Stock of Annuities with, and shall be redeemable at the same Time, and in like Manner as the Annuities carrying an Interest after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, established by an Act made in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and that all and every Person or Persons, and Corporations whatsoever, In proportion to the Money to which he, she, or they shall become entitled as aforesaid, by virtue of this Act, shall have or be deemed to have a proportional Interest and Share in the said Stock of Annuities, at the Rate aforesaid.

" 4l. per Cents. shall be added to the 4l. per Cents, §20. 3l. per Cents, Consols, shall be added to the 3I, per

M Cents, Consols, §21, 3l. per Cents, Reduced, shall be added to the 3\, per Cents, Reduced, §22

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all the said Annuities, after the respective Rates of one Shilling and Nine-pence, and Ten-pence Halfpenny per Annum9 to continue fin* a certain Term of fifty-eight Years and three Months, from the tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and one, and then to cease, to which any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, shall be entitled by virtue of this Act, shall be added to and made one joint Stock, with certain Annuities which by two Acts made in the first and second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty were granted and made payable at the Bank of England, for the respective Terms of ninety-nine Years and ninety-eight Years, from the fifth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and sixty-one and One thousand seven hundred and sixty-two respectively, and then to cease, and which said respective Annuities were consolidated and made one joint Stock of Annuities by divers Acts made in the Reign of his present Majesty, and shall be paid, payable, and transferrable, at the same Time and Times, and in like Manner with the said Annuities granted by the said Acts.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall be entitled to any of the Annuities hereby granted, and all Persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a Personal Estate, which mail not be descendible to Heirs, nor liable to arty foreign Attachment by the Custom of London or otherwise, any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Capitals or joint Stocks, or any Share or Interest in either of them, and the proportional Annuities attending the lame, shall be assignable and transferrable as this Act directs, and not otherwise, and that there shall constantly be kept in the Office of the said Accountant General for the Time being within the City of London, a Book or Books wherein all Assignments or Transfers of the said respective Capitals or joint Stoqks, or any Part thereof, and the proportional Annuities attending the same at the Rate aforesaid, shall be entered and registered, which Entries shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Assignments or Transfers, or if any such Party or Parties be absent, by his, her, or their Attorney or Attornies thereunto lawfully authorized by Writing under his, her, or their Hands and Seals, to be attested by two or more credible Witnesses; and that the Person or Persons to whom any such Transfer shall be made, shall respectively underwrite his, her, or their Acceptance thereof; and that no other Method of assigning or transferring the said respective Capitals or joint Stocks, and the Annuities attending the fame, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good and available in Law, and that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said Transfers, or any of them: Provided always, That all Persons possessed of any Share or Interest in any of the said several joint Stocks of Annuities, or any Estate or Interest therein, may devise the same by Will in Writing, attested by two or more credible Witnesses; but that no Payment shall be made upon any such Devise, until so much of the said Will as relates to such Estate, Share, or Interest, be entered in the respective Offices, and that in Default of such Transfer or Devise as aforesaid, such Share, Estate, or Interest shall go to the Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause orpro-cure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or affitl in the forging or counterfeiting any Certificate or Certificates, Receipt or Receipts, directed to be made out by this Act, or any Assignment thereof or Indorsement thereon, or shall alter any Number, Figure, or Word, in any such Certificate or Receipt, or in any Assignment thereof, or Indorsement thereon, or utter or publish as true any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered Certificate or Certificates, Receiptor l'ec pts, or Assignment or Assignments thereof, or Indorsement or Indorsements thereon, with Intent to defraudiis Majesty, or the Governor and Company of the Batik of England, or any Body Politick or Corporate, or.uv Person or Persons whatsoever, every such Person or Persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acting or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publiffiing as ^foresaid, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

285

ties, which shall be Tax-free; but where Part only has been paid, it shall be foi feited.

5l. per Cents. under this A shall be added to the 5l. per CtrUs. under 37 C. 3. c. 10.

The Annuities shall he added f the Annuities granted by

1 G. 3. c. 7.

2 G. 3. c. 10.

Annuities shall be deemed Personal Estate.

Transfers of Annuities maybe made, and a Book fti .il be kept by the Accountant General for entering -them.

No Stamp Duties shall be charged thereon. Annuities may be devised by Will, which shall be registered at the Bank.

Penalty for forging Certificate, &c. Felony without Clergy.

286 C. 8, 9. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1801.

Pink shall con-

XXVII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank tinuea Corpora- of England, and their Successors, notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any of their own Funds in pursuance a'c redeem" ^ie ^or ^stablishing the fame, or any of them, shall continue a Corporation for the Purposes of this Act ci*" until all the said Annuities shall be redeemed as aforesaid; and the said Governor and Company, or any Member

thereof, shall not incur any Disability for, or by reafem of hie or their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

Penalty for taking Fees for computing Interest, cancelling 6c c. 20l.

Treasury may reward Personi employed in executing this A i\.

XXVIII. And it is hereby enacted, That no Fee, Reward, or Gratdity whatsoever shall be demanded or taken for computing the Interest on the said Bills, or for receiving, taking in, or cancelling, the said Bills or any of them, or for granting Certificates in lieu thereof as aforesaid, or for issuing the Monies for paying the said Annuities, or any of them, or for any Transfer of any Sum great or fir*all, to be made in pursuance of this Act, upon Pain that any Officer or Person offending by taking or demanding any Fee or Gratuity contrary to this A A shall, for every Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to the Party grieved, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Lav/, Injunction or Order of Restraint, or any more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Commissionere of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall have Power, and they are hereby authorized, out of the said Consolidated Fund, to reward all such Persons as shall be any Ways employed in the Execution of this Act, for their Service, Pains, and Labour, and also to defray such incident Charges as shall necessarily attend the fame, and also to settle and appoint such Allowances as they shall think proper for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said Annuities made payable by this Act, and also for the Service, Pains, and Trouble of the said Accountant General of the said Governor and Company for performing the Duty and Trust incumbent on or reposed in him by this Act, all which Allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the Service, Pains, and Labour of any Officer or Officers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

" General Issue. — Treble Costs, §30. Act may be altered this Session, §31."

Exchequer Bills

fhart carry In-tcreft not exceeding 3d. per Cent, per Diem.

Principal and interest, with Charges, shall be repaid otil of the first 7 I nil aliments of any Loan to be granted in the next Session. JSVe port. cap.

r, §50

Monies ifljed out of the Consolidated Fund shall be replaced out of the fir It Supplies. Treasury may remit i, oooo, ooool. for the Service of Ireland.

CAP. IX.

An Act for raising the Sum of five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the United Kingdom, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and two.

[1 ith December 1801.]

" Treasury may raise c, oooo, ooool. by Loans and Exchequer Bills in like Manner as is prescribed by the Malt " Act, c. 1. of this Session, concerning Loans, &c. §1, 2."

III. And be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, shall and may bear an Interest net exceeding the Rate of Threepence per Centum per Diem, upon or in respect of the Whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

u Such Exchequer Bills shall not be received again in Payment of any Taxes; nor exchanged before January

5, 1803. §4."

V. And be it further enacted, That all such Loans or Exchequer Bills, together with the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges, incident to or attending the fame, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid in equal Proportions out of the first seven Instalments of any Loan which may be granted by any Act to be passed in the next Session of Parliament; and in case there shall not be sufficient Sums of Money paid on any such Instalments as aforesaid before the fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, then all the said Loans or Exchequer Bills, with the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges, incident to or attending the fame, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Monies as at any Time or Times at or after the fifth Day of jipril One thousand eight hundred and three, shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, (except such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly stated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging such Loans or Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate, or Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and refenred in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whatever Monies shall be so issued out of the said Consolidated Fund shall from Time to Time be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

" Bank of England authorized to advance the said Sum on the Credit of this Act, §7."

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Trea — fury, or any three or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized, out of the said Sum of five Millions, to remit to the Exchequer of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from Time to Time, any Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of one Million, to be applied to such Services for Ireland as shall have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

A.D. 1801.

42° GEORGII III.

C. IO, II, 12

287

CAP. I

An Act to revive and continue, until th6 first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom. [ 11 th December 1801.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes with ref bed to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom, which was to continue in Force during the Hostilities with Prance: And whereas the said Act has*been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the same should be revived and continued, ' be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall, from and immediately after the first Day of November One thousand eight hundred and one, be revived, and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue in full Force and Effeft, from and immediately after the said first Day of November One thousand eight hundred and one, until the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three.

CAP. XI.

An Act to remove certain Restraints upon the Correspondence by Letter between Persons redding in Great Britain and Ireland, and Persons residing in certain Foreign Countries. [ 11 th December 1801.]

WHEREAS since the eleventh Day of February> which was in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, certain Restraints have been imposed by divers Acts of the Parliaments of Great Britain and Ireland respectively, upon the Correspondence by Letter between Persons residing in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, and Persons residing in certain Foreign Countries in those Acts speoified: And whereas it is expedient that all such Restraints should be forthwith removed and withdrawn be it therefore enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all such Restraints shall henceforth cease and determine, and be and be deemed to be void, and of no Effect whatsoever.

Act may be altered or repealed this Section, §2d9

CAP. XIL

An Act to regulate, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, the Number of Private Militia Men in the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, therein mentioned; and for supplying of Vacancies in the Militia. [11th December 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made, in due Time, for the supplying of Vacancies 4 W in the Militia: And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Number of Private Militia Men to serve for the several Counties, Ridings, and Places herein after mentioned, and it is therefore expedient that the fame

should be regulated for a limited Period : ' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Disembodying of the Militia, the Numbers of Men who shall serve as Private Militia Men, for the several Counties, Ridings, and Places herein after mentioned, shall be as follows, that is to say: For the County of Bedford, two hundred and thirty-eight; for the County of Berhsy four hundred and twenty-one; for the County of Bucks, four hundred and forty-nine; for the County of Cambridge, three hundred and sixty-one; for the County of Chester, and the City and County of the City of Chester, six hundred and sixty-four; for the County of Cornwall, four hundred and eighty-five; for the County of Cumberland, four hundred and sixty-one; for the County of Derby, seven hundred and four; for the County of Devon, with the City and County of the City of Exeter, one thousand one hundred and thirty-four; for the County of Dorset, with the Town and County of the Town of Poole, three hundred and eight 5 for the County of Durham, three hundred and sixty-nine; for the County of Essex, nine hundred and thirty-three; for the County of Gloucefery with the City and County of the City of Gloucester, and the City and County of the City of Bristol9 eight hundred and seventy-two; for the County of Hereford, three hundred and ninety; for the County of Hertford, three hundred and sixty; for the County of Huntingdon one hundred and nineteen; for the County of Kent, with the City and County of the City of Canterbury, nine hundred and seventy-two; for the County of Lancaster, one thousand eight hundred and thirty; for the County of Leicester, four hundred and eighty-two; for the County of Lincoln, with the City and County of the City of Lincoln, one thousand and twenty-six; for the County of Middlesex, exclusive of the Tower Division, commonly called The Tower Hamlets, two thousand two hundred and (eventy-nine; for the County of Monmouth, two hundred and ten; for the County of Norfolk, with the City and County of the City of Norwich, nine hundred and seven; for the County of Northampton, five hundred and forty-three 5 for the County of Northumberland, with the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle-upon^Tyne, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, four hundred and eighty-seven 5 for the County of Nottingham, with the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, four hundred and twenty-three t for the County

33 G. 2. c. 34.

Recited A3# after Nov. j,

1 So 1, revived, and continued in Foice till Jan. 1, 1803.

[See 33 G. 3.

C. 27. 38 G. 3. c. 28, c. 45 and c. 79: and Irish A<1, -33G. 3. c. 30.

Restraints upon Correspondence with Persons in Foreign Countries void.

From disembodying the Militia, the Numbers of Meir to serve lor England and Wales shall be as herein specified. [Total Number 30, 586.]

j22, 8 C. 12. 42* QfcORGH III,

So many of the Men as are now serving shall continue to serve at if this Act had not been made, and Deficiencies shall be supplied according to 26 G. 3. c. 107

but for Middlesex and Surrey they shall be (applied according to the last recited Act, and 39 G. 3. c. 90.

His Majesty may direct Officers, Koncommissioned Officers, and Drummers, serving or liable to serve at »he Time of disembodying any Regiment, to be retained, though thereby the Proportion limited shall be exceeded, such Non-

of Oxford, four hundred and fifty-two; for the County of Rutland, sixty-two; for the County of Salop, seven hundred and forty-three; for the County of Somerst, one thoi^sand one hundred and sixty-fevert; for the County of Southampton, with the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, six hundred and thirty-eight 5 for tl\e , County of Stafford, with the City and County of the City of Lichfield, eight hundred and fifty; for the County of Suffolk, seven hundred and eighty-two; for the County of Surrey, one thousand and two; for the County of Stfsex, six hundred and two; for the County of Warwick, with the City and County of the .City of Coventry, six hundred and forty; for the County of Westmoreland, one hundred and eighty-two; for the County of Wilts, six hundred and eighty-eight; for the County of Worcester, with the City and County of the, City of WorceJLrp four hundred and (lxty-two; for the Wed Riding of the County of York, with the City and County of the City of York, one thousand eight hundred and twenty-two; for the North Riding of the County of York, fix hunr dred and eighty-three; for the East Riding of the said County, with the Town and County of the Town of Kingdon-upon-Hull, four hundred and twenty-three 5 for the County of Anglesea, one hundred and forty-eight y for the County of Brecon, one hundred and fifty-three 5 for the County of Cardigan, one hundred and eightyr three; for the County of Carmarthen, with the County Borough of Carmarthen, three hundred and four; for the County of Carnarvon, ninety-six; for the County of Denbigh, two hundred and fifty-eight; for the County of Flint, one hundred and fifty-one; for the County of Glamorgan, three hundred and two; for the County of Merioneth, ninety-one; for the County of Montgomery, two Hundred and nine; for the County of Pembroke* with the Town and County of the Town of Haverfordwest, one hundred and fifty-one; for the County of Rad* nor, one hundred and five; any Thing in any Ad or ^cta of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That so many of the Men as are now serving as Private Militia Men for the several Counties, Ridings, apd Places aforesaid, shall continue to serve in the same Manner, and1 for the same JLength of Time, as they ought to have served if this Act had not been made; and from Time to Time, in every Cate where it shall be reauifite to supply any Deficiency in the Number of Private Militia Men of any County, Riding, or Place, the Man or Number of Men required to supply such Deficiency, shall be raised, provided, and inrolled, and shall serve, in the Manner and for the Time directed by and under and according to the Provisions, Rules, and Regulations, contained and prescribed in an Act, passed in the t.wenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England.

III. Provided always, That the Private Militia Men to be raised and supplied in and by the respective Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, shall be raised according to the Provisions, Rules, and Regulations of the last-recited Act, together with and under and subject to the Amendments, Provisions, Ryles, and Regulations, contained and prescribed in an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend two Acts passed in the twenty sixth find thirty seventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Militia of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey; and for applying certain Monies remaining in the Hands of the Clerki to the Deputy Lieutenants of the County of Middlesex, arid other Persont, towards fke completing of the said Militia.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by any Order signified by his Majesty's Secretary of State, to direct such Officers, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, actually serving or liable to serve in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, at the Time of the Disembodying thereof, to be retained, and for io long Time as his Majesty shall think fit, as Officers, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers respectively of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, although by reason thereof the Number of Officers, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers respectively, of any such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, shall exceed the Proportion of Officers, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers respectively limited for any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force concerning the same; and all Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, so retained as aforesaid, beyond the Proportion limited, shall be entitled to such Pay and Cloathing, and shall be billetted and lodged in the same Manner, as the Rest of the Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers of the Militia, when disembodied, are paid, cloathed, billetted, and lodged; any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

commissioned Officers and Drummers shall be entitled to Pay, be.

Posrers of 26 G. 3. c. 107. or any Act of last Session relative to paying, clothing, or sub-sifting the Militia, shall extend to this Act.

Continuance of Act so far as relates to the Number of Men, 25 March 1803.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeiture*, Bounties, Allowances, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, or in any Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the paying, cloathing, or subsisting the Militia, shall extend and be applied to, and practised and put in Execution, with respect to the Militia Men who shall serve for the several Counties, Ridings, and Places herein-before mentioned, and also with respect to the Officers, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, who shall be retained under and by virtue of this Act, in as full and ample a Manner as if all the said Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Bounties, Allowances, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were again repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That so much of this Act as relates to the Number of Men to serve fi: r the several Counties, Ridings, and Places before mentioned, shall continue in Force until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, and no longer; and that this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

C A

A.D. 1801.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 13, 14

289

His Majesty m Council may during ihit Ad prakim (he Ex< porudon of any Artidfs of Provision, Jcc.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to continue until the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, and amend an Act of the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for prohibiting the Exportation, and permitting the Importation of Com, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty; and to continue for the same Period, an Act of the last Session of Parliament for prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Com or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and for permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without Payment of Duty.

[1 ith December 1801.]

84 39 Geo. 3. c. 87. [formerly continued by 39 & 40 G. 3. cc, 9, 38. 41 G. 3, (G.B.) c. 5.] further Continued u till January 1, 1803. §1"

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, during the Continuance of this Act, from Time to Time, when and as often as the same shall be judged expedient, to prohibit generally, or under and subject to such Restrictions, Regulations, and Provisions, at shall be specified by his said Majesty in any Order in Council, the Exportation from any Part of the United Kingdom of any Articles of Provision, and in like Manner to recall such Prohibition either in Part or in the Whole, or to make any new Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, relating thereto, as Circumstances may require; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

u i 1 — -C. of 41 Geo. 3. (U.K.) c. 36. enawing the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to prohibit the Exportation of u Provisions, and to permit the Importation thereof without Payment of Duty, shall be continued till January 1,

w 1803.$ 3."

CAP. XIV.

An Act to permit, until the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, the making of Starch from Rice or Potatoes, or any Mixture thereof, and the Importation of any such Starch from Ireland free of Duty. ([15th December 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to permit and encourage the making of Starch from Potatoes or Rice, or any W Mixture thereof be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred For 6 Months and two, for and during the Space of Six Calendar Months, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or ^Starch

Persons to make or manufacture Starch wholly from Potatoes or Rice, or from any Mixture of Potatoes and Rice,

at any established Manufactory of Starch duly entered with the Excise, on or immediately before the twenty- from Potatoes os fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred, without incurring any Penalty or Forfeiture for so doing, and Rice, Duty five, without being subject to or charged or chargeable with any Duty for Starch so made wholly from Potatoes orl any Manufac-Rice, or from any Mixture of Potatoes and Rice as aforesaid; any Thingin this or any other Act or Acts of Excise

Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, That every Person intending to take^or before*the Benefit of this Act, shall, four Days at least before he, she, or they shall begin to make or manufacture any March 15, 1800. Starch from Potatoes or Rice, or any Mixture thereof, give Notice in Writing at the next Office of Excise, previous

within the Limits whereof his, her, or their Starch Manufactory shall be situated, of his Intention so to do.

Notice of Manufactory shall be given at the proper Office.

II. And be it further enacted, That during the Continuance of this Act no Duty of Excise shall be charged No Excise Duty or chargeable for or in respect of Starch made in Ireland wholly from Rice or Potatoes, or from any Mixture of Rice and Potatoes, on the Importation of such Starch into Great Britain; any Thing in any Act of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, that all and Angular the Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Powers, Authorities,

Matters, and Things, and all Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures contained in any Act or Alta of Parliament now

in Force relative to the Duties of Excise on Starch, except so far as the same shall be expressly repealed or altered

by this Act, shall be and remain in full Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes whatever..exc?Pl

y r as hereby altered Oiall continue.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall, during the Time he, she, or they shall make Nn Person mak-

er maoufadure Starch from Potatoes or Rice, or from any Mixture thereof, or during the Time in which any in* such Surct Operation, or Preparation for the making of Starch from Potatoes or Rice, or from any Mixture thereof, shall wheat Vc^for be depending or carrying on in or upon his, her, or their Premises, employ or make use of any Wheat, Barley, or making Starch ether Corn or Grain, or any Meal or Flour, either mixed or unmixed, in or for the making of Starch; and if any on Penalty of Person or Persons shall employ or make use of any Wheat, Barley, or other Corn or Grain, or any Meal or Flour, 1

either mixed or unmixed, m or for the making of Starch, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act,

every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Maker or Makers of Starch, during the Time he, she, or they shall make or manufacture Starch from Potatoes or Rice, or from any Mixture thereof, shall be permitted to have in or upon turn, her, or their Premises, or in his, her, or their Custody or Possession any Quantity of Wheat, Barley,

Meal, or Flour exceeding the Quantity of Four Bushelt, on Pain of forfeiting all such Wheat, Barley, Meal, or Flour, together with the Sacks, Calks, or other Packages containing the lame, and also the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and all such Wheat, Barley, Meal, and Flour, and also the Sacks, Calks, or other Packages containbg the fame, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

42&co.IIL Pp VI. Aid

shall be charged for such Starch on Importation from Ireland. Provisions of Acts relative to the Duties on

nor have in hie Custody more than tour Be (hell ul Wheat, See. on like Penalty; and Forfeiture of the W heat, Icc.

Commissioners of Excise may alter Stamps for (lift ingui thing Starch made from Rice or Potatoes.

Penalty for counterfeiting Stamps, &c. Felony without Clergy.

For felling Starch with counterfeit Stamps, 6c q. 50c!.

No Drawback allowed on Starch exported, fcc.

No Distillei shall make use of any Wheat, &c. in the DiftiJlarion of Spirits in Ireland on* Penalty of aool. and Forfeiture of the Wheat, 6c c.

Servants, &c. aiding shall forfeit icLj

or suffer three Months Imprison men t.

35 G. 3. c. iOO. (formerly continued by 36 G.

V c. 4. 37 G. 3*

c. 8.J

C. 14, 15, 16. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 180r.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise, of the major Part of them respectively, and they are hereby required to cause such Alteration of or Addition to be made to the Stamp or Stamps, Seal or Seals, now used for denoting the Payment of the Duty on Starch, at they shall judge proper or expedient for ascertaining and distinguishing all Starch which shall or may be made under the Authority or by virtue of this Act from Rice or Potatoes, or from any Mixture thereof; and if any Person or Persons shall at any Time forge or counterfeit any such Stamp or Seal so altered as aforesaid, or shall at any Time forge or counterfeit any Stamp or Seal to resemble any Stamp or Seal which shall be provided in pursuance of this Act for stumping or sealing Starch made and papered after the Commencement and during the Continuance of this Act, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Imprefhon of the same upon the Papers containing Starch as aforesaid, then every Person so offending, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall he adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy; and if any Person or Persons shall at any Time fell any Starch with any such forged or counterfeit Stamp, or Seal, or ImprefEon thereon, knowing the same to be forged and counterfeited, or shall knowingly fix or cause to be fixed any Paper stamped according to this Act to any Piece of Starch, other than that which was originally inclosed in such Paper, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Drawback or Allowance shall be made, given, or granted, on any Account whatsoever, for or in respect of any Starch which shall or may be exported, or used, or employed in any Manufactory, or for any other Purpose whatsoever; any Tiling in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

" Penalties may be recovered, &c. under Excise Laws, &c. §8. Powers of 12 Car. 2. c. 24, &c. extended €t to this Act, §9. Act may be repealed or altered this Session, §10."

CAP. XV.

An Act to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Wheat in Ireland.

[15th December 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Use of Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Wheaten Flour in the brewing*

making, or fermenting any Wort, Wash, or Pot Ale for making or extracting Spirits, should be prohibited in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thi» present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act no-Distiller or Diilillers-, or Maker or Makers of Spirits shall apply, spend, consume, or make use of, or -cause, procure, permit, or suffer to be applied, spent, consumed, or made use of any Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Wheat Flour in the brewing, making, or fermenting any Wort, Wash, or Pot Ale for making or extracting Spirits in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and if any Distiller or Diilillers, or Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits shall apply, spend, consume, or make use of, or cause, procure, permit, or suffer to be applied', spent, consumed, or made use of any Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Wheat Flour in the brewing, making, or fermenting any Wash, or Pot Ale for making or extracting Spirits in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each, and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds; and all such Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Wheat Flour, and Worts, Wash, or Pot Ale, and the Bags, Casks, or Vessels containing the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Justice of the Peace or any Officer of his Majesty's Revenue; and upon the Trial of any Information for the said Penalty, or any of the said Forfeitures, the Defendant or Defendants therein shall be convicted, or the Wheat, Wheat Meal, Wheat Flour, Worts, Wash, or Pot Ale condemned, unless Proof shall be made by the defendant or Claimant, that the Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Wheat Flour* Worts, Wash, or Pot Ale, or any Part thereof, was not such as shall be alledged in such Information; and every Servant of such Distiller or Diilillers, Maker or Makers of Spirits, and every other Person who shall be aiding and assisting in the applying, spending, consuming, or making use of ar.y Wheat, Wheat Meal, dr Wheat Flour in the brewing, making, or fermenting any Wort, Wash, Or Pot Ale for making, or extracting Spirits, or in carrying or conveying the same into the House, Still House, or other Place used by fheh Distiller or Diilillers, Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, in the brewing, making, or fermenting such Wort, Wash, or Pot Ale, shall also forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds, and ia Default of Payment thereof immediately upon Conviction, shall be liable to suffer three Months Imprisonment in the House of Correction, and to be kept to hard Labour during such Imprisonment.

u Penalties may be sued for, &c. as under Irtfh Excise Act, 14 & 15 C. 2. c. 8. §2. Act may be repealed u or altered this Sdffion, §3."

CAP. XVI.

An Act to continue unt3 the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, an Act made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for preventing the Importation of or-ganzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdojn, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty. fci 5th December 1801.]

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 17, 18

291

CAP. XVII.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and two.

[24th February 1802.]

Treasury may raise 2, ioo, ooool. by Loans and Exchequer Bills, as under Malt Ad, c. 1. of this Session: 44 $ I — 4. [Precisely in the same Terns as c. 9. $1 — ^4. of this Session.] Principal and Intweft, with Charges, shall be repaid out of the 8th, 9th, and 10th Instalments of any Loan which may be granted by Ad of this Session, 44 f 5' [&r ante9 c. 9. $ 5.] Monies shall be replaced out of the first Supplies, §6. Bank authorized to advance Money, §7. [as under §6, 7. of c. 9.]."

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in, and for enlarging the Limits of, the Southern Whale Fishery.

[24th February 1802.]

WHEREAS it is proper to encourage the Fishery carried on by his Majesty's European Subjects in the 4 Sea* to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights for the Purpose of taking Whales and other Creatures being in those Seas, by continuing certain Premium* granted in an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for further encouraging the Southern Whale Fisheries be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Premiums herein after mentioned shall be paid and allowed to sixteen Ship* or Vessel8 employed in the said Fishery, under the Limitations, Restrictions, and Regulations contained in the said Act, and also in an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and mentioned in the said Act, and under the Limitations, Restrictions, and Regulations expressed in this present Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That for twelve of such Ships or Vessels which shall be so fitted and cleared out between the first Day of January and the thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, and between the first Day of January and the thirty-first Day of December in each of the three succeeding Years, and shall (ail to the Southward of the Equator and there carry on the Fiftiery, and shall return before the first Day of December in the Year subsequent to that in which they cleared out to some Port in Great Britain, there shall be paid and allowed three hundred Pounds to each of the four such Ships which shall so fail and first arriTe within the Times herein-before mentioned with the greatest Quantity of Oil or Head Matter, taken together being not less in the Whole than twenty Tons in each of such Ships or Vessels, and being the Produce of one or more Whale or Whales, or other Creatures being in those Seas, taken and killed by the Crews of evciy such Ship or Vessel respectively; and there shall be paid two hundred Pounds to each of the four such Ships or Vessels which shall in like Manner fail and first arrive with the next greatest Quantity of such Oil or Head Matter, taken together being not less in the Whole than twenty Tons in every such Ship or Vessel, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales, or other Creatures being in those Seas so taken as aforesaid; and there shall be paid and allowed one hundred Pounds to each of the four such Ships or Vessels, and which shall in like Manner fail and first arrive with the next greatest Quantity of such Oil or Head Matter, taken together being not less in the Whole than twenty Tons in evenr such Ship or Vessel, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales, or other Creatures being in those Seas (o taken as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That for four other such Ships or Vessels which shall be so fitted or cleared out, and shall fail within the Times herein-before mentioned, and proceed to the Southward of thirty-six De-

fees of South Latitude, and shall there bond side carry on the said Fishery, and shall not return till after the xpiration of fourteen Calendar Months from the Day on which they cleared out, but before the thirty-first Day of December in the second Year after their clearing out, to some Port in Great Britain, there shall be paid and allowed four hundred Pounds to each of such Ships or Vessels which shall so fail and arrive within the Times herein-before last mentioned, with the greatest Quantity of Oil and Head Matter, taken together being not less in the Whole than twenty Tons, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales or other Creatures being in those Seas, and taken and killed by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel.

IV. 4 Aud w'hercas it is expedient further to encourage the said Fisheries, by extending the Limits preteribed in the before-mentioned Acts for the said Southern Whale Fisheries, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Ship or Vessel fitting and clearing out and licensed conformably to the first mentioned Act, and failing to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope for the Purpose aforesaid, and having passed beyond one hundred and twenty-three Degrees of East Longitude from London, to fail or pass to the Northward as far as one Degree of Northern Latitude, but no further to the Northward, until such Ship or Vessel shall ha*e (ailed or passed to the Eastward of one hundred and eighty Degrees of East Longitude from London \ 9bj Thing in the hud Acts, or any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

38 G. 3* c. 57, recited.

Premiums alluvtd to r 6 Ship* under Regulations of said and

35 G. 3. c. 91. Premiums and Conditions far 12 of such Ship*.

Premiums and C<tnditio: is for othcis of fuel) Ships.

I.icensed Ship* failing to the Ealhvaid of the Cape <1 Good Hope, may, in certain Latitude, pa( to the KortliWa.d.

Pp*

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

592 C. 19, 20*

CAP. XIX.

An Act to amend so much of an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectualy an Act made in the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making a free Marmfor the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster, and for preventing the forefalling and monopolizing of rfhy and for allowing the Sale of Fish under the Dimensions mentioned m a Clause contained in an Act of the jirjt Year of his late Majesty's Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hooky as relates to the Sale of Eels.

[24th February 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the recited.* twenty second Year of his present Majesty's Retgn9 intituled, An Act for making a free Market for the Sale of Fife

in the City of Westminster, and for preventing the forefiailing and monopolizing of Fish9 and for allowing the Sale of

Fish under the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the frfi Year of his late Majesty's Reign, tn case the same are taken with a Hook; it is amongst other Things enacted, that if any Fisherman, or any other 1 Person or Persons whatsoever, Matter or Owner of any Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack, or Fishing Vessel coming from Sea, or other Person having the Conduct of such Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack, or rishing Vessel,

Natives or Foreigners, employed either in catching, bringing, or vending of Fim for the Supply of the Cities

of London and Westminster, shall not enter their Ship, Sloop, Smack, or other Fishing Vessel at such Place or Places, and within such Time as therein mentioned, or shall keep ahy Shell Fish, or other Fish whatsoever in such their Ship, Sloop, Smack, or other their Fishing Vessel or Vessels, or in any Well Boat or Store Boat,

after their Arrival at the Nore, so as not to it off their whole Cargo of Fish within the Space of eight Days,

4 to be reckoned from the Day of such their Arrival at the Nor*, every such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay the Penalty in the said Act provided: And whereas the said limited Time of eight Days for felling of the whole Cargo of live Eels is found too short and quite unnecessary, ' be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

Safe of E*ls if this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this made by Owner* Act, in case any such Fishing Vessel shall be freighted or loaded in Whole or in Part with live Eels* and the al^Da^safter1*11 ^armen, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, Natives or Foreigners, who shall be Owners of such live Eels, their^ Arrival at or have the Power to sell or dispose of the same, shall fell off the whole Quantity of such live Eels within the Nore, flail twenty-eight Days after the Arrival of such Vessel at the Norey and shall in atTother Respects comply with the be as good a Sale Directions of the said Act, and also of an Act passed in the twenty-second Year of his Majesty King George the witwin Second, and mentioned in the said Act, then and in such Case the Sale of the whole Cargo, or Quantity of Time limited1 by be an<*8 hereby declared to be as good a Sale thereof as if such Sale had been completed

the recited ActLud made within the said limited Time of eight Days before mentioned.

CAP. XI

An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to continue several Laws relating to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from Great Britain to the British Sugar Colonies in the TVef Indies until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight; to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America until the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twelve \ to the regulating the Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace; to the allowing the Importation of Certain Fish from Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight; and to the allowing the Importation and Exportation of Goods from and to India and Chtnay in Ships not of British built, during the Continuance of the exclusive Trade to and from the East Indies, granted to the East India Company by an Act of the thirty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign.

[19th March 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws relating to the giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; to the Landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise; to the discontinuing the Duties payable on the Importation of Tallow, Hogs' Lard, And Greafi; to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs and Naval Officers in America; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; and to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages: And whereas so much of the said Act as relates to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, which was to be in force for two Years from the first Day of April One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, has, by several subsequent Acts made in the twenty-first, twenty-fourth, twenty-sixth, twenty-eighth, and thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, been continued until the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the same has, by Experience, been found useful and beneficial; and it i6 expedient that the same should be made perpetual, ' be it

therefore

l7of*9< J. as. aHo* prawback Duties on 1 pipped as Store*, {fa pontixuod I

si G, J.c 24G. 3. c,6 G. 3- c aS G. 3. c 36 G. 3. c jnadc perp

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 20, 21, 2 2.-

*93

therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lord*

Spiritual and Temporal, and Common*, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the ume. That so muen of the said Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relate* to allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, shall be made perpetual.

f 3, of 17 G. 3. c. 43. permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay to the British Colonies in the West huhes, [formerly continued by 20 G. 3. c. 19: 23 G. 3. c. 6: 28 G. 3. c. 23: 33 G. 3. c. 40. §4: 38 G. 3.

c. 35. $ 2.] further continued till June 24, 1808, §2. — $ 2. of 8 G. 1. c. 12. as to Importation of Wood M and Lumber from the British Colonies in America* free from Customs, [formerly continued by 16 G. 2. c. 26r 44 24 G. 2. c. 572 31 G. 2. c. 35: 4 G. 3. c. 11: 12 G. 3. c. 56: 19 G. 3. c. 22: 26 G. 3. c. 53: 33 G. 3. c. 40.

44 36 G. 3. c. 40. $ 1.] further continued till Sept. 29, 1812, §3. — 38 G. 3. c. 68. respecting Duties on Cinna- mon, &c. continued till June 24, 1808, f 4. — §1. of 41 G. 3. c. 77. permitting the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland, continued till June 24, 1808, f 5."

VI. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Ma- 35 O. 3, j«*y» intituled, An Act for allowing, for a Twitted Time, Importation of Gooch from India and China, and other "

Parte within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the East India Company, in Ships not of British built, nor registered ms such; and for the Exportation of Goods from Great Britain, by the same Ships, under certain ReJkriSions, which was to continue in force during the Continuance of the present War, and for eighteen Months after the Conclu-fion thereof, shall be, and the same is hereby continued during the Continuance of the exclusive Trade to and from the East Inches, granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies by an Act of the thirty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign.

c. I / 5. for allowing (he Importation of Goods from India in Ships not British-built, continued during the exclusive Right of the bast India Company under 33 G. 3. c. 5*.

XXI.

An Act for raising the Sum of one Million by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the rear One thousand eight hundred and two.

[19th March 1802.]

Treasury may raise i, oooo, ooool. by Loans and Exchequer Bills as prescribed by the Malt A A, c. 1. of this Session, fsfr. $ I — 4, [fit all refoefis on the same Terms as cc. 9& 17 ante.-\ Principal and Interest, with Charges, shall be repaid out of the several Initalmenrsof any Loan which may be granted in this Session, f 5. 44 Monies issued shall be replaced out of the first Supplies, §6. Bank authorized to advance Money, §7."

CAP. XXII.

An Act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and four, the Bounties granted for the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries; and for continuing and amending the Regulations respecting the same.

[19th March 1802.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to continue, for a limited Time, the Bounties and other Encouragements to 4 W the Fisheries carried on by his Majesty's Subjects in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights; and also to continue and amend the Regulations and Conditions now in force in regard to the said Fisheries5' be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Act made in the twenty-six th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights; and also so DMseb of the Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland, Greenland, and Southern Whale Fisheries, as relates to the said Fisheries; and also the Act made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Maj< ity, intituled, An Act to continue and amend several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights; and to amend the Laws now in force for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Seas to the Southward off the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights; which Acts were, by an Act of the last Session of Parfament, continued until the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, shall be further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and four.

1L Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enufted, That from and after the pnffing of this present Act, and during the Continuance thereof, in ever)- Ship of the Burthen of three hundred Tons, fix Harpooners, fix Line Managers, and fix Sieerfmcn, and so in proportion in every Ship or Vessel of smaller Burthen, one Harpooner, one Line Manager, and one Stcerfmau for every fifty Tons Burthen, shall be protesttd from being

1 — fu 1 1 nn/i (n*. II atn i/wf »'i*» t»1 r.^I ...f'.i K .-..1 J..._.1_T*

ftinding.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Ship or Vessel fitting or clearing out for the present Season, which is not provided with the full Complement of Men, pursuant to the Directions of Act or Acts now in force, at the Port from whence such Ship or Vessel shall be fitted and cleared out, to proceed from thence to Lerwick in the Ifie of Shetland, and complete the Number of Men there, provided the Number wanted doth not exceed two common Men for every fifty Tons Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, hut*ot otherwise; and upon Return of such Ship or Vessel from the said Fishery, such Men may be landed and set on Shore at l^rwiek aforesaid; and upon the Master or Owner of such Ship or Vessel producing, to the premer Officer -of the Customs at the Port of hit Arrival in Great Britain, a Certificate under the Hand of the Col-

ltftor

26 G. 3. c. 41.

29 G. 3. c. 53. and

3: G. 3. c. 22. further continued nil Dec. 15.

1 >04.

[rontmuert by 4* C. l.(l\K.) c. 9-. § j.J A itrtiin N'um-Ici ol Harpoon-e: «, be c. in pro-I'oiiion to the Km: hen of the YVTt l, shall be pi ou sted f rom being impieflrtl, &c.

Vessel* clearing out for the pie-sint Sea(<>n not pru\ided with the full Complement of Men, may piocced and com| etc the the at

Lerwick, lie.

A.D. 1802.

294

Principal Officers of the Customs may take the Affidavit of Owners of Vessels, (worn before a Just ice, in*afe of IllneO, Sec. derlarirg the Particulars required by6 G. 3. c. 41.

1*.

Pe Ions who have omitted to q lalify ihem-lelves agreeable to 1 G. I. ft. 2. 1: . 13.

13 C. 2. ft. 2.

c. I.

24 c. a. c. 2.

C. 22, 23* 42° GEORGII III.

ledlor and Comptroller of the Customs at Lerwick aforesaid, (which Certificate they are hereby enjoined and required to give to the Mailer of such Ship or Vessel, ) certifying the Number and the Names of the Men that were on board such Ship or Vessel at the Time of her Arrival at Lerwick, together with the Number and Names of the Men so taken on board such Ship or Vessel at Lerwick, and the Number and Names of the Men that were landed and set on Shore there upon the Return of such Ship or Vessel from the Fishery, and the Mailer and Mate of such Ship or Vessel making Oath before the Collector and Comptroller at the Port of their Arrival in Great Britain, that the Men so taken on board as aforesaid at Lerwick proceeded from thence on the said Fishery, and continued on board during the Time such Ship or Vessel was employed in that Business, the Mailer or Owner of such Ship or Vessel shall be entitled to the Bounty granted by this Act, in the same Manner as they would have been entitled thereto in case the full Complement of Men had been taken on board at the Port from whence such Ship or Vessel was fitted and cleared out, and had returned on board such Ship or Vessel to such Port in Great Britain, provided all other the Regulations and restrictions required and directed by any Act or Acts now in force have been duly complied with and performed; any Thing in any Act or Acts, Law or Laws now in force to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas by the said Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, it is,

among other Things, enacted, That before any Ship or Vessel shall proceed on the Whale Fisheijr, Oath shall be made by one or more Owner or Owners, and the Mailer or Chief Officer of such Ship or Vessel before the principal Officers of the Customs of the Port from which such Ship or Vessel intends to proceed, that it is really and truly their firm Purpose and determined Resolution that such Ship or Vessel shall, as soon as Licence shall be granted, forthwith proceed on a Voyage to the Greenland Seas or Davis's Streights, or the Seas adjacent, and there, in the then approaching Season, to use the utmost Endeavours of themselves and Ship's Company to take Whales or other Creatures living in the Sea, and on no other Design or View of Profit in such Voyage, and to import the Whale Fins, Oil, and Blubber thereof into Great Britain: And whereas it may sometime3 happen that the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel may, from Illness or other unavoidable Circumstance, be unable to appear before the principal Officers of the Cuiloms to make Oath in Manner required by the said recited Act; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such principal Officers to accept and take an Affidavit of such Illness or unavoidable Absence, sworn by such Owner or Owners, before any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace; and in which Affidavit the said Owner or Owners fh?.'l declare all and every the Matters and Things which by the said recited Act he is directed and required to declare, on Oath, before the said principal Officers; and such Affidavit shall be as effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Owner or Owners had conformed to the Directions of the said Act in Manner herein-before mentioned; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Cap. xxiii.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time, limited for those Purposes, until the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two; to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, to p/ovide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and two , to allow until the twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, Persons who have omitted to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contradls of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants, to make Payment of the same; to indemnify such Persons as have neglectecl to obtain Certificates of Admission as Solicitors or Attornies, Notaries or Prodlors, and for extending the Time, limited for that Purpose, until two Months after the passing of this Act; to indemnify Persons who have printed or publishetl Pleadings, and other Proceedings in Courts of Law or Equity, upon which the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer has not been printed \ and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time, limited for that Purpose, until the first Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two.

[19th March 1802.]

WHEREAS divers Persons, who on Account of their Offices, Places, Employments, or Professions, or 4 W any other Cause or OGcaiion, ought to have taken and subscribed the Oath or Assurance respectively appointed to be by such Persons taken and subscribed, in and by an Act, made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, of glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Perf on and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late PrinceJ's Sophia, being 4 P rot if ants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors \ or to have qualified themselves according to an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the well governing and regulating of Corporations; or to have qualified themselves according to another Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing the Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants9 by receiving

8 4 the

2 95

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 23.

1 the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper according to the Usage of the Church ^England, and making and subscribing the Declaration against Tran/Mantiation therein mentioned; or according to another Act, made in the thirtieth ' Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the more cffeSual preferring the King's 4 Person and Government, by disabling Papists from fitting in either Hovfe of Parliament; or according to another Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for granting the People called Quakers such Forms of Affirmation or Declaration as may remove the Difficulties which many of them lie under; or according to another Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices within the Time limited by Law9 and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for amending so much of an A8y passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as requires persons to qualify themselves for Offices before the End of the next Term or Quarter Sessions, and also for enlarging the Time limited by Law for maim ing and subscribing the Declaration against franfibfantiation, and for allowing a further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and IVills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protefant Purchasers, Dev fees, and Leffices; or according to another Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intitiued,

An Act to amend and render more eff'eSual an Act % passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reignf intituled,

1. An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace f or according to another Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering the Oath of Abjuration, and the Affiurance

and for amending so much of an A8y made in the seventh Year of the Reign of her fate Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of the Union of the two Kingdoms as, after the Time therein limited, requires the Delivery of certain Lifts and Copies therein mentioned to Persons indiSed of High Treason, or Misprision of Treason; have, through Ignorance of the Law, Absence, or some unavoidable Accident, omitted to take and subscribe the said Oaths and Assurance, and make and subscribe the Declaration required by Law, or otherwise to qualify themselves as aforesaid, within such Time, and in such Manner, as in and by the said Acts respectively, or by any other Act of Parliament in that Behalf made, is required, whereby they have incurred,

4 or may be in Danger of incurring, divers Penalties and Disabilities: For quieting the Minds of his Majesty's Subjects, and for preventing any Inconveniencies that might otherwise happen by Means of such Omiilions; be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of theiame, That all and every Person or Persons, who, at or before the passing of this Act, hath or shall have omitted to take and subscribe the said Oaths and Declarations, or to receive the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, or otherwise to qualify him, her, or themselves, within such Time, and in such Manner, as in and by the said Acts, or any of them, or by any other Act of Parliament in that Behalf made, is required; and who, after accepting any such Office, Place, or Employment, or undertaking any Profession or Thing on account of which such Qualifications ought to have been had, and is required, before the passing of this Act, hath or have taken and subscribed the said Oaths, or made the Declarations required by Law, and also received the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, according to the Usage of the Church of England, or who, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, shall take and subscribe the said Oaths, Declarations, and Assurance respectively, in such Cases wherein by Law the said Oaths, Declarations, and Assurance, ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such Manner and Form, and at or in such Place or Places as are appointed in and by the said Act, made in the first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made and provided, and also hath or have received, or shall, on or before the said twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, receive the Sacrament of the Lord'* Supper, according to the Usage of the Church of England, in such Cases wherein the said Sacrament ought to have been received, and hath or have made and subscribed, or shall, on or before the said twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, make and subscribe the said Declaration against Transubstantiar tion, and also hath or have made and subscribed, or shall, on or before the said twenty-fifth Day of December Oae thousand eight hundred and two, make and subscribe the said Declaration in the said Statute, made in the thirtieth Year of King Charles the Second, in such Cases wherein the said Declarations ought to have been made and subscribed, to take and subscribe the Oath directed by the said Act made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, in such Cases wherein the said Oath ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such Manner as by the said Act is directed, shall be, and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Disabilities, incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of any Neglect or Omission, previous to the passing of this Act, of taking or subscribing the said Oaths or Assurance, or receiving the Sacrament, or making or subscribing the said Declarations, or taking or subscribing the said Oath according to the above-mentioned Acts, or any of them, or any other Act or Acts; and such rerson and Persons is and are, and shall be fully and actually recapacitated and restored to the same State and Condition as he, she, or they, were in before such Neglect or Omission, and shall be deemed and ac^udged to have duly qualified him, her, or themselves, according to the above-mentioned Acts, and every of them; and that all Elections of, and Acts done or to be done by any such Person or Persons, or by Authority derived from him, her, or them, are and shall be of the Came Force and Validity as the fame, or any of them, would have been if such Person or Persons respectively had taken the said Oaths' or Assurance, and received the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, and made and subscribed the said Declarations, and taken and subscribed the said Oath according to the Directions of the said Acts, and every or any of them; and that the Qualification of such Person or Penons, qualifying themselves in Manner and within the Time appointed by this Act, shall be, to all Intents and Purposes, as eneftual as if such Person or Persons had respectively taken the said Oaths and Assurance, and received the Sacrament, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, and taken and subscribed the said Oath, within the Time and in the Manner appointed by the several Acts before mentioned.

30 C. a. ft. a.

8G. 1. c. 6.

9 G. a. c. 26.

18 G. 2. c. 20.

and 6 G. 3. c. 53.

before thepalHnj of this Act;

and who shall

on or before Dec. 25, 1802, qualify themselves;

ftinlf be indent-nified against Forfeitures.

296 C. 23. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

Not to indemnify, any Person for any Penalty in* curred by ne-, glebing to qualify kimself. Not to exempt Justicvs acting wijjput legal.Qualification.

Persons producing Appointments and Ad-missions before Dec. 15, 1802,

shall be confirmed, and qualified to act at Clerk, Officer, or Member of Corporations, Icc.

may enjoy all Offices into wh; ch they have been elr<sted; and shall be in-

II. Provided always That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to indemnify any Person arainst whom final Judgement shall have been given, in any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, for any Penalty incurred by having neglected to qualify himself within the Time limited by Law.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing contained in this Act shall extend, or be construed to exempt any Justice of the Peace from the Penalties to which he is subject for acting as such without being possessea of the Qualification required by the Laws now in force.

IV. 4 And whereas the Appointments of divers Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks, and other publick Officers, and the AdmifTions of diyere Members and Officers of Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, or the En« 4 tries of such Admissions in the Court Books, Rolls, or Records of such Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, which by several Acts of Parliament are directed and required to be damped, may not have been provided, or the same not stamped, or may have been lost or mislaid be it further enacted, That, for the Relief of such Persons whose Appointments and Admissions, or the Entries of whole Admissions as aforesaid, may not have been provided, or not duly stamped, or where the same have been lost or mislaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Persons, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, to provide, or cause to be provided, Appointments, and Admissions, or Entries of Admissions, as aforesaid, duly stamped; or, in case where such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions, as aforesaid, have been made or provided, but have not been duly damped, to produce such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions, as aforesaid, to the Commissioners appointed to insped and manage the Revenues of the Stamp Duties to be duly stamped; which such Commissioners are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, to duly damp, on Payment of the Duties first payable, or to have been paid on such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions, as aforesaid, without any Fine or Forfeiture thereon; and such Persons so providing Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admimons, as aforesaid, duly damped, or procuring the same to be duly damped, in Manner aforesaid, are and shall be hereby confirmed and qualified to act as Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other publick Officer, or Member or Members, Officer or Officers of such Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns respectively, to all Intents and Purposes; and shall and may hold and enjoy and execute such Offices, or any other Office or Offices into which he or they hath or have been elected, notwithstanding his or their Omission, or the Omission of any of their Predecessors, in such Cities, Corporations, or Borough Towns, as aforesaid; and shall be indemnified and discharged of and from all Incapacities, Pliabilities, Forfeitures, Penalties, and Damages, by reason of any such Omission, and none of his or their Acts shall be questioned or avoided by reason of the same.

demnified from all Penalties, and Damages incurred by reason of Omiffians.

Not to extend to restore Persons to any Office avoided by Judgement.

Persons who shall cause Affidavits Jo be filed before Michaelmas Term 1802,

indemnified and discharged from Penalties.

Persons who have neglected to pay the Duty n Con side rat ion Monies given with Clerks or Apprentices, or to insert such Confide ration in their Indentures* may, on Payment of double the Duties before Dec. 24, 1801, may have such

V. Provided always, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to restore or entitle any Person or Persons to any Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by Judgement of any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, or already legally filled up and enjoyed by any other Penon 5 but that such Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter, or Thing, so avoided, or legally filled up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the Person or Persons who is or are now, or shall, at the passing of this Act, be legally entitled to the fame, as if this Act had never been made.

VI. 4 And whereas many Persons have omitted to cause Affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filqA 4 in the proper Office, of the actual Execution of several Contracts in Writing entered into by them to serve as Clerks to Attornies or Solicitors; and such Contract, and the Indenture thereof, to be inrolled within the Time in which the same ought to have been done, and many Infants, and others, may thereby incur certain Disabilities; for preventing thereof, and relieving such Pei-tons, be it enacted, That every Person who, at the passing of this Act, shall have neglected or omitted to cause any such Affidavit or Affidavits as aforesaid to be made and filed, or such Contract pr Indenture to be inrolled, and who, on or before the first Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and two, shall cause such Contract or Indenture to be inrolled with the proper Officer in that Behalf, and one or more Affidavit or Affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed in such Manner as the same ought to have been made and filed, in due Time, shall be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Disabilities, in or by any Act or Acts of Parliament mentioned, and incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason of such Neglect or Omission; and every such Affidavit and Affidavits so to be made, and which shall be duly filed on or before the said first Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and two, shall be as effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been made and filed within the respective Times the same ought, by the Laws flow in being for that Purpose, to have been made and filed.

VII. And, for the Relief of Persons who, through Neglect or Inadvertency, have omitted to pay the several Rates and Duties upon Money or any other valuable Consideration given, paia, contracted, or agreed for, with or in relation to any Clerk, Apprentice, or Servant who hath been put or placed to or with any Master or Mi£-tress to learn any Profession, Trade, or Employment, and to have the Indenture or other Writing, which contains the Covenants, Articles, Contracts, or Agreements relating to the Service of any such Clerk, Apprentice, or Servant, stamped within the Times by the several Acts of Parliament for those Purposes respectively limited, or who have neglected or omitted to insert and write, in Words at Length, in any such Indenture, or other Writing as aforesaid respectively, the full Sum or Sums of Money, or other valuable Consideration received, or in any wise directly or indirectly given, paid, agreed, or contracted for, with or in relation to any such Clerk, Apprentice, or Servant as aforesaid 5 be it enacted, That upon Payment, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, of double the Rates and Duties neglected or omitted to be paid, upon any Money or other valuable Consideration given, paid, contracted, or agreed for, with, or in relation to

6 any

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 23.

toy Clerk, Apprentice, or Servant as aforesaid, to such Person or Persons to whom the same ought to be paid, the Iudenturc or other Writing, by which any such Clerk, Apprentice, or Servant was respectively put out as aforesaid, shall, on the same being tendered at the proper Place in the Stamp Office, (where the same ought to have been damped, ) during the Time of Office Hours, be damped with the proper Stamp forthwith, after every such Payment and Tender of every such respective Indenture or Writing shall be there made, and every such Indenture or other Writing as aforesaid being so stamped, shall be good and available in Law and Equity, and may be given in Evidence in any Court whatsoever; and the several Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants therein respectively named, shall be capable of following and exercising their respective intended Professions, Trade, Employment, or Business, as fully as if the Rates or Duties so neglected or omitted to have been paid, bad been duly paid, and as if the full Sum or Sums of Money, or other valuable Consideration received or agreed to be paid as aforesaid, had been mferted and wrote in Words at length in every such Indenture or other Writing as aforesaid respectively; and that all and every Person and Person who hath or have incurred any Penalty by any such Neglect or Omission as aforesaid, shall be acquitted and discharged of and from, and against the lame, (except such Persons against whom any Prosecution shall be now depending, ) any Thing in any former Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Stamp Duties are hereby required, with all convenient Speed after the passing of this Act, to cause Notice of this Clause to be published in the London and Edinburgh Gazette*, in such Manner as they shall think fit.

VIII. 4 And whereas many Persons who, by an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for grunting to his Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the federal Matters therein mentioned j 4 and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, praB'tfing in certom Courts of fuflice in Great Britain, are required to obtain and enter Certificates of their Enrolment, Entry* 4 Admission, or Register in the Courts therein mentioned annually, between the first Day of November and the End of Michaelmas Term then next following, have neglected or omitted so to do through Absence or Inad-

vertency, and without any Intention to defraud his Majesty of the said Duties, and foine Actions have beea

commenced and are depending, and other Actions may De commenced against such Persons to recover the Penalties incurred by them: And whereas the Recovery of all the Penalties that may have been incurred in many of the said Cases, would be attended with the Ruin of the said Parties: And whereas it is expedient that some Relief should be given in such Cases; be it therefore enacted, That where any Person who shall have neglected or omitted to obtain and enter his Certificate, at the Time, and in Manner required by the said Act, shall never-thcless have obtained and entered, or shall obtain and enter his Certificate before or within two Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, in Manner directed by the several Acts passed relating to Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain, then and in any such Case every such Person shall be and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Disabilities incurred or to be incurred, for or by Reason of his having neglected or omitted, previous to the passing of this Act, to obtain or enter such Certificate; and all Acts done by any such Person, shall be of the same Force and Validity as the fame, or any of them would have been, if such Person had obtained his Certificate according to the Directions of the said recited Act of the thirty-seventh Year aforesaid, and no Action or Actions shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be commenced or prosecuted for or by Reason of any such Neglect or Omission as aforesaid, until after the Expiration of the said two Calendar Months, and then only against any Person or Persons who shall not have obtained or entered his Certificate in Manner hereby directed; and in case any Action or Actions shall have been commenced before the passing of this Act against any Person or Persons, for or by Reason of such Neglect or Omission, such Person or Persons shall not be liable for such Neglect or Omission, to the Payment of more than the Sum of one hundred Pounds in the Whole $ and the Informer or Informers in such Action or Actions shall not recover, or be entitled to recover more than such Sum of one hundred Pounds in the Whole, in any such Action or Actions, together with the Costs of Suit $ and the Person or Persons against whom any such Action shall hfcve been brought, shall upon Payment into the Court in which any such Action or Actions shall be brought, of the full Sum of one hundred Pounds, and upon Payment to the Informer or Informers, by whom any such Action or Actions shall have been brought, of the Coils of Suit, to be taxed according to the Practice of such Court, be wholly indemnified, freed, and discharged from and against all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by Reason of any such Neglect or Omission as aforesaid: Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained, shall be con-11 rued to extend to indemnify any Person against whom final Judgement shall have been given on or before the first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, in any Action in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, for any Penalty or Penalties incurred by having neglected or omitted to obtain his Certificate according to the Durations of the said Act.

I>.4 And whereas, in an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, .n Act for the more effectual Supprtflion of Societies eJiabUJhcd for fe^stious and treasonable Purposes; and far better 0 preventing treasonable and seditious Pro Bices, certain Provisions are contained to restrain the printing or publishing of any Papers or Books whatsoever, which should be meant or intended to be published or dispersed, with-

out the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer thereof being printed thereon, with a certain Penalty on the Person printing, publishing, or dispersing, or assisting in publishing or dispersthg the same contrary to the said Act: And whereas divers Papers being, or purporting to be Pleadings, Rules, Orders, Prdcefs, or other Proceedings in Courts of Law or Equity, or to be Parts of such Pleadings, Rules, Orders, Process, or other Proceedings, or to be Copies of the lame, or of Parts thereof respectively, have, through inadvertency and Mistake, and on the Supposition that such Papers were not within the Provisions of the said Act, been printed without the Name and Place of Abode of the Person printing the lame being printed thereon as required by

4a Gio. III. Qj 4 tht

297

Notice ftiaTl be published in the London and Edinburgh Gazettes.

37 G. 3. C. 90.

Persons who have neglqfted to obtain and enter their Certificates of Enrolment, &c. in the Manner required by the recited Act, and shall obtain and enter the same before or within two Months after the passing of this Act, shall be indemnified, &c. In Actions already commenced, Informer shall not recover more than tool.

Except where final Judgement was given on or before March i,

1 $02.

39 <* 3- c. 7*1

A.D. 1802.

298 0.23? 24* 42° GEORGII III.

Printers of Proceeding! in Law or Equity, indemnified for Offences against rented Act, as also Persons pub-kshing the same.

sfi G. 3. c. 107, recited.

Deputy Lieutenants, &c. who shall, before Sept, i, iSoa, deliver in the

the said Act be it further enacted, That every Person who shall, before the passing of this Act, have printed any Paper being, or purporting to be, any Pleading, Rule, Order, or any Proceis, or other Proceeding of or in any Court of Law or Equity, or to be any Part of such Pleading, Rule, Order, Process, or other Proceeding, or to be a Copy of the same, or of any Part thereof respectively, or shall have published or dispersed, or shall have assisted in publishing or dispersing, or shall hereafter publish or disperse, or assist in publishing or dispersing any such Paper as aforesaid, which shall have been printed before the passing of this Act, shall be, and is hereby declared to be freed and discharged of and from all Suits, Informations, Prosecutions, Judgements, Fines, Imprisonments, Pains, and Penalties whatsoever, commenced, prosecuted, adjudged, or incurred, or which may be commenced, prosecuted, adjudged, or incurred, for or by Reason of any Offence alledged to have been committed again! the said recited Act, by occasion of such printing, publishing, or dispersing, or assisting in publishing or dispersing any such Paper as aforesaid, as fully, freely, and effectually, as if the same had been printed according to the Provisions of the said Act.

X. ' And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to toe Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, it was enacted, that every Deputy Lieutenant, and every Officer then holding 1 a Commission as Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, or Captain in the Militia, and not having transmitted a 4 specitic Description of his Qualification for holding such Commission to the Clerk of the Peace, should,

within six Months after the first Day of July One thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, transtnit such De-

feription to the Clerk of the Peace, as aforesaid, on Pain of being rendered incapable of acting as a Deputy* 4 Lieutenant, or of serving as an Officer in the Militia again, in cade he Should omit so to do 2 And whereat

divers Persons have, through Ignorance of the Law, Absence, or some unavoidable Accident, neglected to transmit such Description of their Qualification as aforesaid, within the Time limited by the said Act; be it enacted, That all such Deputy Lieutenants and Officers as aforesaid, who shall, on or before the first Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two, deliver in their Qualifications in the Manner directed by the said Act, shall be, and they are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and again! all Penalties, Forfeitures* Incapacities, and Disabilities, incurred or to be incurred for or by Reason of such Omission or Neglect,

Qualifications required by the recited Act, Hull be indemnified.

[General Issue.]

Persons prosecuted, and hereby meant to be indemnified, may plead the

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action, Suit, Bill of Indictment, or Information, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be brought, carried on, or prosecuted again! any Person or Persons hereby meant or intended to be indemnified, recapacitated or restored, for or on Account of any Forfeiture, Penalty, Incapacity, or Disability whatsoever, incurred or to be incurred by any such Neglect or Omission, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and, upon their Defence, give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence upon any Trial to be had thereupon.

CAP. XXIV.

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties now payable on Cinnamon imported by the East India Company, and on the Importation of Cassia Lignea of all Sorts, into that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, Should be repealed, and new Duties imposed in lieu thereof; and that the Duties now payable on the Importation, into that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, of certain Hides and Skins in British built Ships owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, Should also be repealed be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tenmoral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, y»om April 5, That, from and after the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two, the Duties now payable by 'a^bleon Chi! ^aw on Cinnamon imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall namon imported ^e> and ^ame are hereby repealed 5 save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering or paying any Ar-fey the East In- rears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture relating thereto, which shall have dia Company, keen incurred at any Time before the said fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two; and that in and instead^6^eu instead of the Duties hereby repealed there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his thereof a^uty Heirs and Successors, in ready Money, without any Discount or Abatement whatever, upon Cinnamon imported of is. 6d. per lb. by the said United Company, a Duty of Customs of one Shilling and Sixpence the Pound Weight, and so in Hull be paid. proportion for any greater or less Quantity: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be But the Duty on deemed or construed to extend, to alter or repeal the Duties payable on the Exportation of Cinnamon by virtue Exportation of and in pursuance of an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, among! other ^yabiTund^C things, for regulating the Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace.

38 G. 3. [c. 76 ?]' shall continue.

From April 5, 1802, the Duties payable on the Importation into Great Britain of Cassia Lignea, shall be repealed, and instead the.eoi a Duty

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two, the Duties now payable by Law on the Importation, into that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, of Cassia Lignea of all Sorts, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed; save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any Time before the passing of this Act; and that in lieu and instead of the Duties hereby repealed there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs ^ud Successors, in ready Money, without any Discount or Abatement whatever,

upon

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 24, 25, 26, 27.

upon the Importation, into that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, of Cassia Lignea of all Sorts, a Duty of Customs of one Shilling the Pound Weight, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two, the Duties of Customs now payable by Law on the Importation, into that Pa^t of the United Kingdom called Great Britain in British built Ships, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, of Bull, Ox, or Cow Hides, Hides of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, Indian Hides, or Buffalo Hides, Calve Skins, Dog Skins, Seal Skins, and Elk Skins, such Hides and Skins respectively being in the Hair, and not tanned, tawed, or in any Way dressed, shall be, and the fame.are hereby repealed; save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any Time before the said fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two; provided that on the Importation thereof a due Entry be made, with the proper Officers of the Customs, of such Hides and Skins respectively, in the same Manner and Form as was used and practised on and immediately before the making of this Act; and that such Hides and Skins respectively be landed in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers appointed for that Purpose 5 on Failure of which Conditions such Hides and Skins respectively shall be liable to the Payment of Duties as if this Act had not been made.

IV. ' And whereas it is expedient that the Duties of Customs granted by an Act passed in the iaft Session of 1 Parliament, upon Box Wood imported into Great Britain from Foreign Parts, should be repealed, and that other Duties should be granted in lieu thereof be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Duties of Customs granted by an Act, passed in the iaft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Timber, Sugar, Raisins, and Pepper imported into, and on Lead exported from, Great Britain, on Box Wood imported into Great Britain from Foreign Parts, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed; save and except as to all Cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any Time before the passing of this Act; and that in lieu and instead of the Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in ready Money, without any Discount or Abatement whatever, upon the Importation of Box Wood into Great Britain from any Part of Europe, the several and respective Duties of Customs following; that is to say, upon every Ton Weight of Box Wood imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe, in a British btiilt Ship, a Duty of Customs of nineteen Shillings and Sixpence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity; and upon every Ton Weight of Box Wood imported into Great Britain from any Part of Eur pc, in a Foreign Ship, a Duty of Customs of twenty Shillings, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity; which Duties shall be over and above all other Duties which are now due and payable by Law on any oftlie said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize respectively.

M Duties hereby granted shall be levied and applied in the same Manner as those repealed, &c. $ 5."

CAP. XXV.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within the United Kingdom, and the Islands of strfry> Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man.

[24th March 1802.]

Number of Forces 84, 44c, including 7, 836 Invalids, §1. — Continuance of the Act in G. B. from 24 March m until 2 $th May; in Ireland from 31 march until 1 June; in Jersey, &c. from 30 April until 1 July 1802. §90."

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, until the twenty-fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two.

[24th March 1802.]

Cap. xxvi.

An Act to empower his Majesty to cause certain countervailing Duties, granted by an Act of the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between his Majesty and the United States of America, to cease, or be suspended until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, under certain Circumstances.

[24th March 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between his Majesty and the United States of America, certain Duties were granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

on certain Goods imported from the American States in American Vessels, to countervail the Difference of

Duty payable, in the United States of America, on the Importation of European and Afmtie Goods, when

imported into the United States of America in British or American Vessels: And whereas certain Tonnage

Duties was also by the said Act imposed on American Vessels entering the Ports of his Majesty's Dominions in Europe, equal to the Excess of the Duty payable in the Ports of the said United States on British Ships,

beyond that payable by American Ships entering the same Ports: And whereas it ia expedient that Ins Majesty

should, for a limited Time, be empowered, under certain Circumstances, to cause the lame, or either of them,

to cease, or be suspended, either in the Wjjole or in Part be it therefore enacted by the King's me ft Exccl-

Qjj 2 lent

299

of is. per lb. shall be pmid.

From April 1802, the Duties payable on the Importation inta Great Biit.-.iu in British built Ships, of certain Hides and Skins, ' shall be repealed, provided a due Entry be made theieaf, &c.

The Duties granted by 41 G. 3. C. 2?. {Table A, Wood)'on Box Wood imported, shall be repealed, and in Head thereof 19s. 6d. per Ton shall be paid on Box Wood imported in a Brit 1 th. built Ship, and 20s. if imported in a Foreign Ship.

37 G. 3. c. 97.

Bis MaJt&y may, until March 15,

1803, by Order in Council, &c. cause the countervailing Duties granted on Goods imported from America,

lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of thi* Ad, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council* by any Order in Council, or by any Proclamation made for that Purpose, to cause the said countervailing Duties, granted by the said Act, on Goods imported front the American States, and also the said Tonnage Duties granted by the said Act on American Vessels, or any Part or Proportion of the said Duties, or either of them, wholly to cease; or to be suspended only from such Time or Times, and for and during such Period or Periods, as his Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTon, may deem expedient and necessary; any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

and the Tonnage Duties, granted by recited Act, to oeafe, Sic.

His Majesty may appoint an Inspector of the Places of Confinement authorized by 24G. 3. c. 56. who shall make a Report of certain Particulars to Parliament every Sef-hon.

Bis Salary not to exceed 35oLper Annum*

Cap. xxvtil

An Act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five* and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amending, several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons, and other Offenders, to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland respectively.

[24th March 1802.]

ff So much of 19 G. c. 74. as relates to Transportation, and so much of 24 G. 3. c. 56. as extends to authoriee the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Wales, [formerly continued u by 28 G. 3. r. 24: 34 G. 3. r. 60: 39 G. 3. r. 51. f I.] further continued until March 25, 1805, &c*

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to appoint one fit and able Person to be Inspector of any Place or Places of Confinement, either at Land or on board any Ship or Vessel^ to which any Male Offenders shall be removed by virtue of the last mentioned Act, intituled, An Act for the effectual 'Transportation of Felons, and other Offenders; and to authorise the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cafesy and for other Purposes therein mentioned; which Inspector shall personally visit and insped such Places of Confinement* once, at lean, in every Quarter of a Year, or oftener if Occasion shall require, and shall diligently examine into the State of such Places of Confinement, the Behaviour and Candud of the respective Officers, the Treatment and Condition of the Prisoners, the Amount of the several Earnings, and the Expences attending every such Place of Confinement j and shall make a faithful Report of the same to both Houses of Parliament at the Beginning of every Session; and also in Matters of extreme or pressing Neceflky shall and may make a special Report thereof to the Justices of his Majesty 's Court of King's Bench, who shall immediately take Order therein, and* regulate or redress the fame; and such Inspector shall continue in Office during his Majesty's Pleasure, and shall receive such Salary out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain as his Majesty (half appoint, not exceeding three hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, for himself and a Clerk, and all other Charges and Expences whatsoever which shall be incurred by such Inspector in Discharge of his Duty.

u So much of 25 G. 3. c. 46. as authorizes the Removal of Offenders in Scotland to temporary Places of Confinement in Great Britain, [revived and continued by 34 G. 3. c. 60: 39 G. 3. c. 51.3 further continued until u March 25, 1805, &c. §3."

Tb« Dirc&orj of the Rail India Company may reduce the fifta-bfishment at Fort Marlborough to a Factory, &c.

Subordinate to the Presidency of Fort William/

Civil Servants becoming Su-pemumeianct

CAP. XXIX.

An A<d to authorize the East India Company to make their Settlement at Fort Marlborough, in the East Indies, a Fadory subordinate to the Presidency of Fort William in Ben galy and to transfer the Servants who, on the Redy&ion of that Establishment, shall be Supernumerary, to the Presidency of Fort Saint George.

[24th March 1802.]

WHEREAS the Court of Directors of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the

East Indies, have heretofore appointed the Civil Servants at their Settlement of Fort Marlborough im the East Indies specially for'that Settlement, and they have not been considered as belonging to any of the faict

Company's Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, or Bombay 1 And whereas the said Court have determined to make a considerable Reduction in the Establishment of Civil Servants at Fort Marlborough aforesaid, and that, in future, that Settlement shall be a Fadory only subordinate to the Presidency of Fort William aforesaid, and thereby many of the said Civil Servants at Fort Marlborough will become Supernumerary

and by reason of the late Increase of Territory subject to the Presidency of Fort Saint George, it is expedient that such Supernumerary Servants at Fort Marlborough should be transferred to Fort Saint George/ be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Directors of the said United Company, (subject neverthelesstf to the Superintendance, Directiorf, and Controul of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, in like Manner as any Acts or Orders of the said Court of Directors are now by Law subject, ) to order and dirtd that the said t Company's Establishment at Fort Marlborough shall be reduced to be a Fadory only, subordinate to the Presidency ot Fort WilTtam at Bengal\ from such Time as they shall see fit to order.

II. And be it further enacted, That in that Case the said Settlement of Fort Marlborough shall be, and be considered as a Fadory only, in all Things subordinate and subject to the Government of the said Presidency of Fort William, in like Manner as any other Fadory .belonging thereto.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Directors (subject to such Superin tendance ancf Controul as herein-before mentioned), to order and direct that all or any of the Civil Servants of the said Company belonging and subject to the said. Settlement at Fort Marlborough at the

8 Time

Time of the said Reduction of that Establishment, and who are or shall become Supernumerary there, shall be transferred to the said Presidency of Fort Saint George, with such Rank and Precedence therein, not above the Rank held by them respectively at Fort Marlborough at the Time of their being respectively transferred from that Settlement: Provided always, That all the Senior Merchants to be removed from the Settlement of Beneoolen by the said Court of Directors to the Presidency of Fort Saint George, shall be introduced into that Service as the youngest of that Rank, and to Continue as fixed Senior Merchants; and that all Servants of the Rank of Junior Merchants, Factors, and Writers, to be removed and come in as the Juniors of their respective Ranks, to rife in the regular Course of the Service till they attain the Rank of Senior Merchants, then to remain fixed as in the Case of the Senior Merchants to be so transferred: Provided always, That all such Servants, if they shall decline to accept of such Appointments, shall be entitled to retire upon the Salary of their respective Ranks, exclusive of the Salary annexed to their Office.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Transfers, the Servants so transferred shall take Rank and Precedence, and shall rife in the Presidency of Fort Saint George according to the true Intent and Meaning of such Orders and Directions as aforesaid; and they shall be capable of being appointed to fill up, supply, and hold any Offices, Places, or Employments, under the said Presidency of Fort Saint George, in like Manner as if they had been originally appointed and had belonged to the said Presidency; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any way notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Civil Servants belonging to the said Settlement at Fort Marlborough^ who shall not be transferred by such Order and Direction as aforesaid to the said Presidency of Fort Saint George, shall be capable of holding any Office or Employment belonging to or under the said Factory at Fort Marlborough in which they may remain, or to which they may respectively be appointed by, or by the Order of the hud Court of Directors, or by the Governor General in Council of Fort William aforesaid, in like Manner as if the said Establishment had not been reduced, or this Act had not been made.

Publick Act, §6."

CAP. XXX.

An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to fiay, utitil the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, Proceedings in Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, far abridging Spirit teal Persons from having Pluralities of Livings, and from taking of Fermss

[24th March 1802.]

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three^ several Acts of the last Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting Duties to his Majesty in Ireland.

[24th March 1802.]

WHEREAS several Acts were made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, one, intituled, An Act for granting for one Tear the several Duties therein ment toned, tn Ren cf all other Duties payable upon the Articles therein specifed during thefetid Term, and for regulating the Trade between thit Kingdom and his Majesty's Colonies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; another, intituled, An 4 A3 for ascertaining the Stock of Foreign Wines belonging to Dealers in and Sellers of such Wines, on the twenty fifth

of March One thousand eight hundred, and for securing certain Duties of Excise thereon, and for granting to his Ma-

jfly a further Duty on Rum importedand certain Duties on the Exportation of certain Goods to the British Plant a* 4 tions in America and the West Indies, in lieu of all other Dudes; another, intituled, An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland; another, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty Excise Duties on Foreign

Wines in his Majesty's Stores, or in the Stores or Warehouses cf Dealers in or Retailers of Wine, at the Time therein mentioned, and for granting further Duties on Spirits dylilled, and on Sweets or made Wines, made in Ireland; 4 another, intituled, An Act for granting an additional Duty ore refined Sugars imported into this Kingdom; another,

intituled, An Act for amending and making perpetual the several Laws for regulating the Watch in the DifiriH of the Metropolis, and for granting a further Duty upon Pawnbrokers; another, intituled, An Act for granting to his Ma*

Heirs and Successors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance cf all Letters and Packets

within this Kingdom; ana two several other Acts were made in the same Session of the Parliament of Ireland, for granting to his Majesty the several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing

the Stamp Duties and another Act was made in the same Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled, An 4 AH to amend and explain an Act passed in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Alsu fly, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty, Isis Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commidicners for managing the Stamp DutiesAnd whereas an Act was made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in the forty-first Year of his said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing until the twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, certain Acts of the left Session of the Par* 4 Ttament cf Ireland, for granting Duties t6 his Majesty: And whereas another Act was passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties upon Tea imported into Ireland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for granting additional Duties on Sugar and Coals imparted into Ireland: And whereas another Act was passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty, until the twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, additional Stamp Duties in Ireland on Bonds, Bills of Exchange, and Promissory Notes, and on certain Insurances therein mentioned; and for the Relief of Perf ons in Ireland holding Obligatory Instruments, called Kerry Bonds, which have been executed without being duly stamped:

And

301

at Fort Marlboroughshall h# transferred to the Presidency of Fort St. George; Regulations as to Rank of Merchants, &c. so transferred.

Servants may ro. tire on Salary,

& c.

Servants trans-fa red shall tak# Precedence, as is they had originally belonged t6 Fort St. George.

But such Civil Servants not so transferred, shall hold their Offices in Fort Marlborough, at if it had not be<fil reduced.

41 G. 3. (I/. AT.)

t. 102.

A£h of the Parliament of Ireland of 40 G. 3. recited, viz. c. 4. c. 14.

c. 38. c. 45.

c. 25. c. 62. c. 8.

cc. 10. x& c. 59.

and Ifo

41 G. 3. (l/.JT.) c. 17.

41 G. 3. (l\ A\) «. 33-

4« G. 3. &.K.) c. 5$.

4, 0.3. .(I'.K.) c. 93.

41 G. 3. (U.K.)

C. LOO.

Dutie? romi-mied by the irccited Act,

4, G. 3. (I, '. S'.) c. 17, and nol lincc repealed, and also ihe Duties granied by the other recited Acts of 41 G. 3. , (U.K.) further continued till March 25,

?1803, &c.

"Monies arising ^by the Duties, shall be carried to the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

On Payment of 50'ob into the Bank., in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer, the

' And whereas another Act was passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, until the twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, jo much of an Act made in the present Session of Par

Hainan, as permit'/ British Hops to he imported into Ireland at a law Rate of Duty: And whereas another Act Avas passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to repeal the Tax on Salaries, Profits of Employments,

Fees, and Pensions in Ireland, of Persons not resident in Ireland, for a certain Period: And whereas the Duties u continued by the said first-mentioned Act, passed in the forty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign, not altered or repealed by any other of the said Acts passed in the forty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign, and also the Duties granted by certain other Acts made in the said forty-first Year of his said Majesty's Reign, will expire on the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two: And whereas it is expedient that the said first-recited Act, passed in the forty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign, and the Duties thereby continued,

except the Duties afterwards repealed as aforesaid, and also the several Duties granted by any of the said other,

Acts passed in the forty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign, the duration of wluch were limited to the twentyfifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, should be further continued be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Duties by the said first-recited Act passed in the forty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign, continued until and upon the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, and not repealed by any of the said other Acts passed in the forty-first Year of his MajestyReign, or by passed in this Seffiofl of Parliament, and also the several Duties granted by the fan! Inlt-ir.cn*. nmed other Acts made in the forty-linl Year of his Majesty's Reign, the Duration of which is limited to the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, shall respectively continue, and be in force throughout Ireland, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two until and upon the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three; and that all the said reeited Acts, fb far as they are not altered or repealed as aforesaid, and all the Powers and Provisions, Articles and Clauses, Matters and Things, contained therein, or any of them, shall be observed and complied with during the Time hereby granted, as fully and effectually, as if the same had been extended to the Term hereby granted, and had made Part thereof; and the several Articles in respect whereof any Duty is continued or imposed by the said recited Acts, or any of them, until and upon the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, and not repealed as aforesaid, shall respectively be liable to the Duty or Duties hereby continued or payable on the fame, under the Regulations and Provision9 of the said recited Acts respectively, from the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two until and upon the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

II. And be it enacted, That all the Monies arising from the Duties hereby continued, and not by any of the said Acts appropriated or directed to be applied to any particular Use or Uses, Purpose or Purposes, (the necessary Charges of raising and paying the fame, being deduded, ) shall he carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

" Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §3."

CAP. XXXtI.

An Act to enable his Majesty to grant certain Parcels of Land, situate between Great Prince Rock and the Village of Crab Tree, called Tothill Bays and Lipfon Bay9 near to the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon9 to certain Persons therein named, for die Purpose of embanking and preserving the same from the Sea.

[24th March 1802.]

WHEREAS there is near to the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, a certain Trad of Xand known by the Name of The Dairy, which is daily overflowed by the Sea, and is thereby totally unprodudive; but if certain Parts of the same as are situate between Great Prince Rock and the Village of Crab Tree, called Tothill Bay, and Lipfon Bay, in the said County, were properly embanked and protected from the Influx of the Sea, the same might be cultivated, and be rendered of great publick Benefit: And whereas the King's most Excellent Majesty, in Right of his Crown and Dignity, claims to be entided to such Parts of the said Lairy so to be embanked and protected from the Sea: And whereas the Lord or Lords of the Manor of Plymton, claims or claim a Right to the said Trad of Land, known by the Name of The Lairy, and also to % the said Parcels of Land, situate between Great Pfmce Rock and the Village of Crab Tree, called Tothill Bay9 4 and Lipfon Bay: And whereas the embanking and proteding the said Parcels of Land from the Sea will be attended with a great and heavy Expence; which Expence certain Persons are willing to sustain, if the said

Parcels of Land were vested in them for ever, and Powers granted for embanking and protesting the same from the Sea 2 And whereas his Majesty has been most graciously pleased to signify his Royal Pleasure, that, for the

Purposes of effecting the said Embankment, and proteding from the Influx of the Sea, such Parcels of Land,

the fame, as far as his Majesty's Interest is concerned therein, should be granted and confirmed to such Persons, on the Terms and Conditions herein mentioned; but as such Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and

Authority of Parliament, may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That upon Payment of the Sum of five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, into the Bank of England, in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer of England, by the Persons herein after named, to the Cashier of the Bank of England, who is hereby authorized and required to receive such Money, and to give a Receipt for the fame, all that Plot or Parcel of Land, situate, lying, and being between a certain Point of Land, known by the Name of Great

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 32.

Prince Rocky and another Point of Land called Crab Pointy otherwise Mount Gold Point, otherwise Arnolds Point, which Plot or Parcel of Land is known by the Name of Tot hill Bayt being Part of the said Tract of Land known by the Name of The Lairy, near to the Borough of Plymouth, in the county of Devon, and also one other Plot or Parcel of Land, situate, lying, and being between the said Point, called Crab Pointy otherwise Mount Gold Pointy otherwise Amold*s Pointy and the Village of Crab Tree, which Plot or Parcel of Land is known by the Name of Lipfon Lake otherwise Lipfon Bay, being also Part of the said Lairy, containing together by Estimation one hundred and eighty one Acres, be the same more or less, shall be, and the same is and are hereby granted and confirmed" unto, and shall be vested for ever, freed and absolutely discharged from all Claim, Right, and Title whatsoever of his Majesty, in Right of his Crown and Dignity, his Heirs and Successors, in John Arthur, Jolm Polkxfen Ba-ford, Richard Bumacott, Thomas Clcathery John Collier, Henry Cowley, John Dtjling, Sir William Elford Baronet, Jonathan Elf ord senior, Thomas Rales, James Elliot, Francis Fox, Robert Fuge, John Harris, John Hawker, Miles Hammett, Joseph Jofrpb, Andrew Kinsman, William Allen Kite, Richard King, George Leach, Philip Langmead, John Clarke Langmead, Edmund Lockyer, Thomas Lockyer, John Luxmore, Joseph Moore, John Morris, Sir Lawrence Palk Baronet, William Prance, John Pridham, Robert Butler Rcmmett, M. D., Richard Rofdew, Henry Rivers, Robert Russell, William Hales Symons, Peter Symons, Thomas Splatt, Saville William Shepherdr Andrew Saunders, Benjamin She t>b card, William Snow, Paul Treby Treby, Peter Tonkin, Giles Welsford, John Wakeham and Thomas Wilson, Robert Boulton, John Land, Henry Rivers, James Wynn, and Company, together with such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, as they, or the major Part of them present at the First General Assembly to be holden for the Purposes of this Act, shall nominate and appoint, and their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, being a Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the Undertaking for embanking and preferring the said Lands from the Sea, shall be, and are hereby united into a Company for the Purpose of embanking and preferring the said Lands from the Sea, according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein contained, and shall for that Purpose be one Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name and Style of The Company of Proprietors for embanking Part of the Lairy near-Plymouth; and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and by that Name shall and may fnc and be sued, and also shall and may have Power and Authority, from and after the passing of this Act, to-hold such Lands without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of five hundred Pounds, herein directed to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer of England, shall be forthwith laid out by the Order of the Surveyor General of his Majesty's Land Revenue for the Time being, in the Purchase of Three per Cen-turn Consolidated Bank Annuities, in the same Manner, and to and for the same Ufts and Purposes as the Monies arising or to arise by the Sale of Fee Farm Rents, are directed to be laid out by an Act, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents; and that all and singular the Annuities to be purchased by the Order of the said Surveyor General, by virtue of this Act, shall be and remain in-veiled, and the Intereus or yearly Dividends thereof shall be from Time to Time received, answeeced, accounted', for, applied, and appropriated, in such and the same Manner as by the said recited Act is directed in respect of the Annuities to be purchased in pursuance of the said Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Receiptor Discharge herein directed to be given for the said Sum-, of five hundred Pounds, shall be in the Words or to the Effect foDowing; videlicet,

RECEIVED the Day of of the Company of Proprietors for

embanking Part of the Lairy near Plymouth, the Sum of five hundred Pounds ot lawful Money of Great Britain, in full for the absolute Purchase of all those several Plots or Parcels of Land, which, by an Act of Parliament made in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

[ here arfert the Title of this Act'] are directed and declared to become vested in the said Company of Proprietors,

upon Payment of the said Sum of five hundred Pounds into the Bank of England, and which said Sum of

five hundred Pounds is to be carried to the Account of the Lord High Treasurer of England. As witneb my Hand

For the Governor and Company*A. B* Cashier.*

4 of the Bank of England.

Which Receipt or Discharge, when so signed by the said Cashier, shall be inroDed in the Office of the Auditor of his Majesty's Land Revenue for the County of Devon, and shall be entered in the Office of the Surveyor General of his Majesty's Land Revenue; and the proper Officers of the said Offices respectively ar^ hereby required, upon the Production of such Receipt, to inrol and enter the same accordingly, au4 at the Foot or on the Back, thereof to give a Certificate of such Inrohnent and Entry; and the said Receipt or Discharge, or a Copy of such Inrolment or Entry, duly attested by the proper Officers of the said Offices, or either of them, shall at all Times thereafter be admitted and allowed as Evidence, in all Courts of Law and Equity, of the Payment of the said* Sum of five hundred Pounds in pursuance of this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed'to extend, so as to defeat, lefien, or prejudice any Right or Rights of the Lord or Lords of the Manor of Plymton, in or to the Lands and Grounds hereby vested in the said Company of Proprietors; and in case the Lord or Lords mf the said Manor shall hereafter establish his or their Right to the said Lands and Grounds, as lying within or in uefpt€t of the said Manor of Plymton, at any Time before the said Sum of five hundred Pounds shall have been paid by the said Company of Proprietors into the Bank of England in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer of England, in pursuance of this Act, then the said Sum of five hun4rcd Pounds shall be paid by the said* Company oS Proprietors to the Lord or Lords of the said Manor of Plymton, his or their Heirs or Assigns; and upon Payment or Tender thereof ta such Lord or Lords of the said Manor, the said Lands and Grounds, shall be.veiled m.

the.

303

Premiset herein* described shall be discharged of all Claim of the Crown,

and vested in certain Propii©-tors, -

who shall become an incorporated Compel-

Said Sum of 500). shall be vested in 3 per Cents, under directions of

34 G. 3* c. 75.

Form of Receipt by the Cashier,

which fh.il! be ini oiled, fcc.

Saving ttic Rights of Lord of the Manor of Plymton.

3<?4

Penalty upon

destroying the Works.

Felony mhigabte as Petty Laree-

*y«

Qtneral Saving.

Contributor of igoI. entitled to 65l. 3 per Cent. Confolt, from ^; th January, 1801, and 61. 29s 3d. from 5th January, 1808, and 60l.

3 perCent. Reduced., from 5th April 1802.

Exchequer Bills raised by virtue ofc. 9, and c. 17. of this Session, shall be charged on and received jn Payment of certain Instal*

C. 3 2, 33. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

the said Company of Proprietor* for ever, freed and absolutely discharged from all Claims, Rights, and InterefU, of or belonging to the Lord or Lords of the said Manor, his or their Heirs or Assigns; and sn case the (hid Sum of five hundred Pounds shall have been paid by the said Company of Proprietors into the Bank of England in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer of England, and invested in the Purchase of Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, as herein-before mentioned, before the Lord or Lords of the said Manor shall hare established his or their Right to the said Lands and Grounds, then and in such Case, if the Lord or Lords of the said Manor of Plymton, his or their Heirs or Assigns, shall at any Time within three Years after the passing of this Act, establish his or their Right to the same Lands and Grounds, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord or Lords of the said Manor of Pljmtony his or their Heirs or Assigns, to recover and receive the same Sum of fist hundred Pounds frotn the Surveyor General of his Majesty's Land Revenue for the Time being, out of any Monies applicable to the same Purposes as the Dividends to arise from the said Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities so to be purchased as aforesaid will be applicable, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord or Lords of the said Manor of Plymttou, either before or after the said Sum of fivelmndred Pounds shall be paid as aforesaid, to proceed within three Years after the passing of this Act, to have his or their Claims to the said Lands so granted as aforesaid tried at Law, and for that Purpose such Lord or Lords shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned I flue against the Surveyor General of his Majesty's Land Revenue for the Time being, who shall name an Attorney, who (haM appear thereto, and accept one or more issue or Issues whereby such Claims may be tried and determined, (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court where such Action shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame); and the said Lord or Lords shall thereupon proceed in such Action so as So have the same tried at the' First or Second Assizes to be hofclen for the County of Devon neat after the Commencement of such Addon.

" Proprietors empowered to raise 8000l. to make the Embankment, §5.; and 6000l. more if necessary, §8. General Powers, &c. for making Embankment, and regulating the Company, $ 5 — 45, See."

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously break, throw down, damage, or destroy any of the Banks, Mounds, Dams, or other Works to be erected or made by virtue of this Act, every such Person shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall, on being lawfully convicted therepfj be fubied to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petty Larceny.

" Satisfaction shall also be made upon damaging Works, §47. Works not subject to Comsuffioners of " Sewers, §48/9

LVI. Saving always to the King's most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successort, and to all and every other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest save and except such as is and are hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished), as they, every, or any of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed in oafe this Act had not been made.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty-five Millions by way of Annuities.

[15th April 1802.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain.

and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved that the Sum of twenty-five Millions be raised by Annuities, in Manner herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Contributor towards raising the said Sum of twenty-five millions, shall, for every one hundred Pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the Principal Sum of sixty-five Pounds, in Consolidated Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and two, and to an additional Principal Sum of six Pounds nineteen Shillings and three-pence*n like Consolidated Annuities, to commence from the fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eight; and also to a further Principal Sum of sixty Pounds in Reduced Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two.

u Contributors who have made Deposits shall pay the Remainders of Subscriptions by Instalments, §2. Guardians " may subscribe for Infants, §3."

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Loans or Exchequer Bills, together with the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges incident to or attending the fame, created or raised under and by virtue of an Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum of Jive Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the United Kingdom, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and two, shall be, and are hereby charged ana chargeable upon, and receivable and received in Payment of the First Seven Instalments of the Loan granted by this Act; and that all Exchequer Bills created and raised under an Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loan* or Exchequer Bills, for tlx Service of Great

A.D. 1802. 420 GEORGII III. C. 33, 34. 3°S

Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and two, that shall have been, or shall be chargeable or charged upon, or issued upon the Credit of the ninth and tenth Instalments in the said last recited Act mentioned, shall be, and are hereby charged upon, and shall be repaid in equal Proportions out of the ninth Instalment of the Loan by this Act granted; any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Contributor who shall be possessed of any Exchequer Bill or Bills made out by virtue of three several Acts of this present Session of Parliament, for raising Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and two, and which are contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked A, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of five hundred thou fond Pounds, shall be at Liberty to pay or deliver in the fame, on account of the Instalment which shall become due by virtue of this Act, on the fourteenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two.

ments of the Loan hereby granted.

Certain Exchequer Bills under cc. 9, 17, andzi of this Session [andfpccijicd in a Schedule an-nr red] may be delivered in on the Intfalment due on April 14, 1802.

u Discount shall be allowed on Payment of the Whole of Subscription, by November 18, 1802, §6."

VII. And be it further enacted, That the several Subscribers or Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, in respect of the said Sum of twenty-five Millions, shall be entitled, for every one hundred Pounds by him, her, or them respectively advanced and paid, to an Annuity after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum, to commence from the fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and two, until Redemption by Parliament in Manner herein after mentioned; and also to an Annuity after the like Rate of three Pounds per Centum, in respect of the said additional Principal Sum of six Pounds nineteen Shillings and Threepence to commence from the fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eight, until Redemption by Parliament in Manner herein after mentioned; and shall also be entitled, in respect of every such one hundred Pounds so advanced and paid, to a further Annuity, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum, in respect of the additional Principal Sum of sixty Pounds from the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two, until Redemption by Parliament in Manner herein after mentioned; which said respective Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum, shall be payable and paid half-yearly, by even and equal Portions: (that is to say), the said Consolidated Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum, on the fifth Day of July and the fifth Day of January in every Year, after their respective Commencements; and the said Reduced Annuities, after the Rate ofthree Pounds per Centum, on the fifth Day of April and the tenth Day of October in every Year; the first Payment upon the said Consolidated Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum, in respect of the said Sum of sixty-five Pounds, to be due on the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two; and on the said Consolidated Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum, in respect of the said Sum of six Pounds nineteen Shillings and Threepence, on the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight; and on the said Reduced Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum, on the tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and two 5 but shall not be payable until the respective Subscribers or Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, mall have completed the Whole of the Sums by them subscribedfor the Purchase of the said Annuities.

At soon as Subscriptions are completed they may be transferred* §8. Contributors paying the Whole of M their Subscriptions on the Three per Cent. Consols before July 2, mall be entitled to the Dividend due on €€ J"h 5* and on the Three per Cent. Reduced before October 7 to the Dividend due October 10, §9. Annui- ties payable and transferrable at the Bank, §10. Money shall be issued out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain for Payment of Annuities and Charges, § n. and charged upon the said Fund, §12. The €€ Treasury in Ireland shalliflue out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, and pay into the Exchequer in England\ 44 Money to answer Annuities, bfc. to a certain Amount, §13. ($21 .See pofil) The Bank shall appoint a

4* Cashier, Itfc, and the Treasury shall order Money to be issued for Payment, $' 14. Cashier shall give Receipts for Subscriptions, which may be assigned before November 17, 1802. Cashier shall give Security, { 15. A 44 Book shall be kept in the Accountant General's Office for entering Contributors' Names, &c. §16 — 20. 44 Contributors duly paying their Subscriptions shall be entitled to Annuities Tax free, §17. Treasury may remit to Ireland Part of the Loan, not exceeding 2, 000, ooool. §21. Accountant General shall keep Books for entering Transfers, &c. &c. §22 — 25. Persons counterfeiting Receipts for Contributions, &c. guilty of Felony without Clergy, §26 — See 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 3. §24. Bank shall continue a Corporation till the Annuities hereby granted cease, §27. No Fees shall be taken, £sV. &c. §28, 29. Act may be altered, 44 or repealed this Session, §30." {The Schedule contains Numbers and Sum of Exchequer Bills payable under {5.3

Contributors entitled to certain Annuities payable half-yearly, but not till SuL-feriptions are completed, viz. one of three per Cent, from 5 Jan.1802: one do. from 5 Jan. 180*: and one do. from 5 April, 1802.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Windows or Lights, and on Inhabited Houses i and for consolidating the same with the present Duties thereon.

[15th April 1802.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

"TT7rE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain W and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences, and making a permanent Addition to the publick Revenue of Great Britain, nave freely and voluntarily refblved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties herein- after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, m thk present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of April Eron» April c. One thonfond right hundred and two, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and from and after the Term

42 Gio. HI, Rr of aa*tl e

Term of Whitsunday, iSoz, in Scotland, the additional Du* ties in the an-

of Whitsunday One thousand eight hundred and two, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, there shall be assessed, raised, levied, and paid unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon Windows or Lights, and upon Inhabited Houses, the several additional Rates and Duties respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the respective Schedules marked A. and B. hereunto annexed.

nexed Schedules shall be paid.

The additional Duties on Windows or Lights, and on Inhabited Houses, under this Act, shall be consolidated with those under 3SG. 3. c. 40. as set forth in the Schedules annexed.

Assessments shall be made for a Year, and charged upon fbe Occupiers, except in Cases where Landlords ire liable to the Duties under recited Act 38 G. 3. c. 40.

Occupiers for the Time being shall pay (he Assessrntnu.

Every House, &c. occupied at the Time of making the Assessment shall be charged according to the Number of Windows therein, on Penalty of 5l. on the Assessor for Omission.

Where the Occupiers of Houses in England, containing not more than fix Windows, shall receive parochial Relief, or be exempted, for Poverty, from Church and Poor Rates, the Assessor* shall return the Fasts to the Commissioners of the District, who may strike out the Charge; and in Scx-i'and, where' such Occupiers shall receive RdfcF from the Rii k Sessioni, a*d keep no Servant, &c. the Assessor shall 1 e>*

II. 4 And whereas the said several Rates and Duties, and the several Duties payable at and immediately before the passing of this Act, by virtue of an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Houses, Windows y and Lights, on Inhabited Houses, and on Clocks and Watches; and for granting to his Majesty other Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and on Inhabited Houses, in lieu thereof might be more conveniently collected if the same were respectively consolidated and charged under the Provisions of this Act be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two, in England, and from and after the Term of Whitsunday One thousand eight hundred and two, in Scotland, the Rates and Duties on Windows or Lights granted by the before-mentioned Act, and the Duties hereby granted on Windows or Lights, and the Rates and Duties on Inhabited Houses, granted by the before-mentioned Act, and the Duties hereby granted on Inhabited Houses, shall respectively be consolidated, assessed, and charged together, as the same are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the Schedules marked A. and B. $ which several Schedules, and the Rules therein contained, shall be deemed and construed a Part of this Act, as if the same were incorporated therewith.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Assessment to be made of the said Rates and Duties in England\ shall be in force for one whole Year from the fifth Day of April in the Year in which the same shall be made; and every such Assessment to be made in Scotland, shall be in force for one whole Year from the Term of Whitsunday, in the Year in which the same shall be made; and the Duties to be levied upon such Assessments as shall be made in England and Scotland respectively, shall be charged upon the Occupier or Occupiers for the Time being of Houses, Cottages, or Tenements, in respect whereof the said Duties shall be charged, and shall be levied of him, her, or them, or his, her or their respective Executors or Administrators: Provided always, that in all Cases where the Rates and Duties, granted by the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty as aforesaid, are payable by the Landlord or Landlords of any House or Tenement, in such Cases, the said Landlord or Landlords shall be liable to the Duties hereby granted in like Manner.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Change in the Occupation of any House, Cottage, or Tenement, shall take Place after an Assessment shall be made, then and in such Case, the Duties hereby directed to be charged on the Occupier or Occupiers of Houses, Cottages, or Tenements, shall be levied upon and paid by the Occupier or Occupiers for the Time being, without any new Assessment for that Year, not withstanding such Change in the Occupation of such House, Cottage, or Tenement.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Dwelling House, Cottage, or Tenement in Great Britain of whatever Description, occupied at the Time of making the Assessment, shall be brought into Charge by the respective Assessors, and in their Default by the respective Surveyors and Inspectors, according to the Number of Win-dows therein; and if any Assessor or Assessors shall omit in the Assessment of the said Duties on Windows or Lights to charge the Occupier of any House, Cottage, or Tenement, to the said Duties, according to the Number of Windows therein, whether the Occupier of such House, Cottage, or Tenement shall be entitled to be discharged from the same, in Manner herein after mentioned, or not, every such Assessor shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty to the like Amount may be recovered under any Law relating to the Duties charged by Assessment.

VI. And in order to give Relief to such Persons as may be unable to pay the Duties charged on them in respedk of Windows and Lights, be it further enacted, That where any House, Cottage, or Tenement, in that Part of Great Britain called England, containing not more than fix Windows or Lights in the Whole, shall be brought into Charge as aforesaid, and the Occupier or Occupiers thereof shall receive parochial Relief, or shall, by Reasoni of his, her, or their Poverty only, and not for any other Cause, be exempted from the actual Payment of the usual Taxes, Assessments, and Contributions towards the Church and Poor, then and in every such Case the Assessor or Assessors shall, on the Certificate of Assessments, set opposite the Sum charged on the Occupier thereof* the Fast of his or her receiving parochial Relief, or of being exempted by Reasonof Poverty from Payment of the usual Taxes, Assessments, and Contributions towards the Church and Poor, and shall return such Fasts, together with the Assessments, to the Commissioners for executing this Act in the District where such Assessment shall be made; and the said Commissioners before the Allowance of any such Assessment, or making any Order thereupon, shall examine the Assessor or Assessors, who shall respectively attend the said Commissioners for that Purpose at such Time as they shall appoint touching the Return ib made; and if the said Commissioners shall from such Examination be satisfied that any Occupier of any such House, Cottage, or Tenement, charged to the said Duties on Windows or Lights, receives parochial Relief, or is, bonajidcy by Reason of Poverty only, and not from any other Cause, exempted from the actual Payment of the usual Taxes, Assessments, and Contributions towards the Church and Poor, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, after such Proof thereof, to strike out the Charge against such Occupier, and every such Occupier shall be exempted accordingly from the said Rates and Duties hereby granted, and also from the Rates and Duties hereby consolidated therewith; and where any House, Cottage, or Tenement, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, containing not more than fix Windows or Lights in the Whole, shall be brought into Charge, and the Occupier or Occupiers thereof shall be poor and indigent, and shall receive Relief from the Funds, Collections, or Contributions of the Kirk Session, and shall keep no Servant, Carriage, Horse, Mule, or Dog, then and in every such Case the Assessor or Assessors shall, on the Certificate of Affeiknent, set opposite the Sum so charged the Fast of hit or her being poor and indigent, and of

not.

not haring any Servant, Carriage, Horse, Mule, or Dog, and shall return such Fa&s, together with the AssessT-ments, (o the Commissioners for executing this Act in the District; and in case the Surveyor of the District shall be satisfied with the Fads therein dated, and shall certify the same to the said Commissioners, the said Commissioners shall drike out the Charge against the respective Occupiers mentioned in fuel* Certificate, and in case the said Surveyor shall be didatisfied with such Statement, then the said Commissioners shall examine into the Truth of such Fads therein dated, in like Manner as the Commissioners in England arc herein authorized and required to do.

turn the Salt*, and it' the Surveyor of the District shall certify the fame, the Commissioners shall strike out the Charge; but if

thp Surveyor be not satisfied, they shall examine into the Truth.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every House or Tenement which shall happen to be unoccupied at the Time of making the Adedment, shall be inserted as such in the Adedment, with the Number of Windows contained therein; and the AdMTors, and in their Default the Surveyors and Inspectors shall cause the same to be certified to the said Commissioners, from the Time of such House or Tenement coming into the Occupation of any Person or Persons, and such Person or Persons shall cause Notice thereof to be given to such Surveyor or Inspector within twenty Days after his or their coming into the Occupation of such House 01 Tenement; and every Person neglecting so to do shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered in Manner aforesaid, and shall be liable moreover for such Neglect to be charged to the said Rates and Duties for the whole Year, in which such House or Tenement became so occupied, but on givingfuch Notice shall be chargeable only from the Time of his or her coming into the Occupation of such House or Tenement.

Notice thereof within 20 Days, on Penalty of 5l. and being liable to the whole Year's Rate

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Chamber or Apartment in any of the Inns of Court or of Chan- How Apart-eery, or in any College or Hall in any of the Universities of Great Britain, or in any Hall or Odice belonging to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or any publick Hospital, being severally in the Tenure and Occupation of any Person or Persons chargeable to the said Rates and Duties on Windows or Lights containing eight Windows or Lights, or under, fl ail be charged thereto, at the Rate of three Shillings for every such Window or Light, in respect of the Rates and Duties hereby granted, and the Rates and Duties directed to be consolidated therewith; and every such Chamber or Apartment which shall contain more than eight Windows or Lights, shall be subject to the said Rates and Duties, as if the same was an entire House.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to subject any Hospital, Charity School, or House provided for the Reception and Relief of Poor Persons, to the Payment of the said Rates or Duties, or any Part thereof, except such Apartments therein, as are or may be occupied by the Officers or Servants thereof, which shall severally be assessed, and be subject to the same Duty (according to the Number of Windows in each), as they respectively are by this Act subject to; provided that every such Hospital, Charity School, or House for the Reception and Relief of Poor Persons aforesaid, shall be brought into

Unoccupied Houses shall be noticed in the Assessmenu, and shall be certified by the Af* fefifori to the Coffin, iflioner* from iheTimeof being occupied; and the Occupier shall give

ments in Inns of Court, &c. shall be charged.

Charge by the Assessor or Assessors, or in their Default, by the Surveyor or Inspector, and shall be dated on the Certificate of Assessments as such; and on due Proof of the Fadl before the Commissioners by the Affiessors, in Manner before directed, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for executing this Act to discharge such Hospital, Charity School, and House for the Reception and Relief of Poor Persons, except as aforesaid, from the said Duties, in like Manner as they are authorized to discharge the Assessment on Poor Persons.

In Hospital?,

Scc. only the Apartments occupied by Officers or Servants shall be subject to Duty, but the Hospi-ta), Sct.shall be brought into Charge, and the Commi IT: oners may discharge them.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to charge with the said Duties, or any Part thereof, any Room licensed as a Chapel for the Purposes of Divine Worship, and used for no other Purpose whatsoever, nor to any Windows or Lights in Dairies, or other Rooms or Places described and exempted from the then existing Duties, by an Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to exempt Dairies and Rooms, used solely for making, keepings and (trying C^eefe and Butter, from the Duties on Windows and Lightr \ provided that the same shall in like Manner be brought into Charge, and described as such by the Assessors, Surveyors, and inspectors, and on due Proof discharged by the said Commissioners in the Manner before directed, in other Cases of Exemption before mentioned.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the said several Rates and Duties shall, in that Part of Great Britain called England, be paid by quarterly Instalments, on the Days herein after mentioned; that is to say, on the twentieth Day of June, for the Quarter commencing from the fifth Day of April, and ending on the fifth Day of July; the twentieth Day of September, for the Quarter commencing from the fifth Day of July, and ending on the tenth Day of Odcber; the twentieth Day of December, for the Quarter commencing from the tenth Day of October, and ending the fifth Day of January; and the twentieth Day of March, for the Quarter commencing on the fifth Day of January, and ending on the fifth Day of April, in every Year; the first Payment thereof to be made on the twentieth Day of Jure One thousand eight hundred and two; and in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by half-yearly instalments; that is to say, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September, for the half-year commencing from the Term of Whitsunday, and ending at the Term of Martinmas in the same Year; and on or before the twenty* fifth Day" of March, for the half-year commencing from the Term of Martinmas, and ending at the Term of Whitsunday next ensuing; the first Payment thereof to be made on the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two; and it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners, and they are hereby required to issue out and deliver to the respective Collectors, their Warrants for the speedy and cfle£lu 1 levying and collecting the said Rates and Duties, 'as the same shall become payable, by quarterly or half-yearly Instalments, and that such Part then-ofas cannot be so levied and collected, shall*he recoverable as a Debt upon Record to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with full Custs of Suit, and paid to the Receiver General, in Aid of the Parish or Plate answerable for the same.

Duties shall not

be charged on licensed Chapels, nor on Dairies, &c. exempted by 36 G. 3. c. 117 i but they shall be brought into Charge, St c.

The Duties shall be paid quarterly in England, and half-yeai ly in Scotland, on the Days specified.

Commissioners shall issue Warrants fur rulleflinj tht Duties.

42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

How Window? shall be Hopped up.

Window? Hopped up in ihc Hoof; or prior to 38 G. 3. c. 40.

No Window shall be made, rcHored, nor Hopped up, withou {previous Notice to the Surveyor, on Penalty of 10l. per Window,

Surveyors shall certify Windows made or restored, &c. and the Corn-mi !Tioners shall rectify the AssessTment, and in Cases of Kvafion, shall chai^edou-Idethe increased Assessment.

Amended Af-

feffments may, be appealed against.

No Appeal or Abatement respecting Windows unlofs ' Jtopped up previous to April 5, &c. preceding the Assessment, or restored sub-jequently on six Days Notice. Commissioners, lufpeftors, and Surveyors under 38 G. 3. c. 40, &c. shall put this Act in Execution.

Commissioners shall appoint Clerks, Affef-lors, and Collectors; in Scotland Collectors shall be Assessors. Duties flnlt be alTessed and collected as former

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Window or Light shall be deemed to be (lopped up, within the Meaning of this Act, unless such Window or Light shall be (lopped up effectually with Stone or Brick, or with the same Kind of Materials whereof that Part of the Outside Walls of such Dwelling House in which such Window or Light shall be, doth chiefly confiil.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to charge any Window or Light in the Roof of any Dwelling House, which shall be (lopped up effectually, with Materials of the like Nature of which the Outside of the Roof shall chiefly confiil; nor any Window or Light, which shall have been Hopped up before the passing of the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, with other Materials than herein are described, and which shall not at any Time fiuce the passing of the said Act have been restored or used as a Window or Light.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Window or Light shall be newly made in any Dwelling House or Office belonging thereto, nor mall any such Window or Light, which shall have been (lopped up at the Time when the Assessment, in respect of such Dwelling House, shall be made for the then current Year, be restored, nor shall any such Window or Light be (lopped up, without, in each of the Cases, six Days previous Notice thereof in Writing being given by the Occupier or Occupiers of such Dwelling House, to the Surveyor or Inspector of the said Rates or Duties, or one of them, for the Place in which the Assessment was made, describing therein the particular Situation of every such Window or Light in such Dwelling House, and the Number of such Windows or Lights, if more than one, so to be made, restored, or (lopped up, on Pain that the Occupier or Occupiers of such Dwelling House so offending, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds for every Window or Light so newly made, restored, or (lopped up as aforesaid, to be recovered in Manner aforesaid, and which shall be paid over and above any Rate or Duty payable in respect of such Dwelling House.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Surveyor or Inspector of the said Rates or Duties shall receive any Notice, or shall otherwise find or discover, that any Window or Light in any such Dwelling House, liable to the said Rates or Duties, hath been newly made or restored as aforesaid, which Window or Light hath not been charged in the Assessment for that Year, then such Surveyor or Inspector shall and is hereby required to certify the fame, in Writing under his Hand, by Way of Charge to any two or more of the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and shall (late in such Certificate to what Amount the Person or Persons liable to the said Rates or Duties hath or have been under-rated in the Assessment for that Year, and thereupon the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall cause such Assessment to be amended according to such Certificate, and the Rates and Duties to be charged shall be levied thereon from the Commencement of the Year in which such Window or Light shall be made or restored, as if such Window or Light had been originally included in such Assessment: Provided always, that if the Commissioners shall be of Opinion that any Window or Light so restored in any Dwelling House shall have been (topped up at the Time when the Assessment was made, with Intent to evade the Payment of the said Rates or Duties, they shall charge the Occupier of the said Dwelling House at the Rate of double the Sum by which the Assessmfent shall be increased by Reason of such Certificate: Provided also, that every such Assessment, when amended, shall be liable to be appealed against, in such Manner as if the same had been originally so madeJ

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Assessment shall be subject to Appeal nor any Abatement of the Duties allowed in any Year, by Reason of any Windows or Lights being (lopped up, unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for executing this Act, that the same Windows or Lights were respectively (lopped up according to the Directions of this Act, previous to the fifth Day of Abril next, before the making the said Assessment, if in England, or if in Scotland\ that the same Windows or Lights were respectively stopped up previous to the Term of Whit]unday next before the making the said Assessment, and that the same Windows or Lights, if restored subsequent to the Assessment being maae, were restored after six Days Notice thereof in Manner before directed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Persons who, as Commissioners, are or may be authorized to put in Execution the said Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or any other Act or Acts relating to Taxes charged by Assessment, shall be Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and all the Powers herein contained, in their respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places, respectively within Great Britain, and the several Persons who, as Inspectors and Surveyors, are or may be authorized to act in the Execution of the said Act or Acts, shall also be the Inspectors and Surveyors to act in the Execution of the present Act; and the said Commissioners and other Persons so authorized to execute the said Act or Acts, shall, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all Things necessary for putting this Act in Execution in the like, and in as full and ample a Manner, as they or any of them are or is or shall be authorized to put in Execution the said Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Commissioners within their District, or the major Part of them present at any Meeting, shall choose one Person to be their Clerk, and shall also name and appoint Assessor and Collectors in such Manner as they are authorized by any Law in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act: Provided always, that in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the same Persons who shall be appointed Collectors shall also be the Assessors of the said Rates and Duties.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said several Rates and Duties shall respectively be assessed, raised, levied, c«llefted, and received in such and the like Form and Manner, and with such Powers of Surcharge and Appeal from the same, and under the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according to such Rules,

1 Methods

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 34.

Methods, and Directions, as are prescribed and appointed by any Act or Acts now in force for assessing, raising, levying, collecting, receiving, and paying the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, or any other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, as far as the same were in force at and immediately before the Time of passing this Act, and not altered by this Act; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in the Cud ActpaiTed in the thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, or any other Act or Acts therein referred to and in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, and not repealed by the said Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, nor altered by this Act, for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying the Rates and Duties granted by the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, or any other the Rates and Duties heretofore under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, shall be in full force, and be severally andrespec-tively duly observed, practised, and put in Execution throughout Great Britain, for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying the said several Rates and Duties in this Act mentioned to be consolidated, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, except as aforesaid, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Parish or Place in England, in which any Assessment shall be made of the said Rates and Duties, shall be answerable for the Amount of the Rates or Duties which shall be charged within such Parish or Place, and for the said Rates or Duties being duly demanded of the respective Persons charged therewith within ten Days after the same are payable by virtue of this Act, according to the Directions herein contained, by the Collector or Collectors appointed for such Parish or Place, and also for such Collector or Collectors duly paying the Sums by him or them received to the Receiver General of the said Rates or Duties, according to the Provisions of the Laws in force; and if any Collector shall neglect or refuse to demand Payment of the said Rates and Duties of the respective Persons charged therewith, or leave a Demand in Writing at their respective Places of lait Abode within the Time herein limited, or, in case of Default of Payment thereof upon such Demand, shall neglect or refuse to execute the Warrant or Precept of the Commissioners for recovering the fame, within two Calendar Months after the said Rates and Duties are payable by this Act, it shall not be lawful for such Collector to infen in the Schedule, to be by the Receiver General returned into the Exchequer, the Name of such Person as having made Default of Payment of any of the Sums rated or assessed on such Person, but the Parish or Place for which such Collector shall have been appointed shall be answerable for the fame; and no Collector shall be allowed to insert in any such Schedule the Name of any Person to be returned into the Exchequer as not having paid the Rates or Duties by this Act granted, unless such Collector shall make Oath, or being one of the People called Quakers shall make and subscribe a solemn Affirmation before two Commissioners (who are hereby empowered to administer the same, and who respectively shall certify the said Oath or Affirmation on the said Schedule), that the Sum for which such Person is so returned in Default is due and wholly unpaid, either to such Collector or to any other Person or Persons for such Collector, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief; and that such Person became insolvent or bankrupt before the Day on which the Rates and Duties became payable, and had not Goods and Chattels sufficient whereon to raise and levy the said Rates and Duties within the Parish or Place for which such Collector shall have been appointed at any Time since the fai<J Rates or Duties became payable, or that such Person removed from the Parish or Place for which such Collector shall have been appointed before the Day on which the Rates or Duties became payable without leaving therein sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon the Rates and Duties then payable could be raised and levied; and that there was not nor are any Goods or Chattels of any Person or Persons liable to the Payment of the said Rates and Duties in Arrear, or any Part thereof, whereby the fame, or any Part thereof, could or might be raised and levied; which Oath or Affirmation shall be indorsed on such Schedule, and which Schedule shall

' (pedfy the Nances of the Persons making such Default, and the Reason for returning each such Defaulter.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That any Arrear of the said Rates and Duties arising by the Default as aforesaid, or by the Failure of any Collector, for which any Parish or Place in that Part of Great Britain called England shall be answerable, shall be re-assessed within and upon such Parish or Place, as soon after such Default shall be discovered as can conveniently be done, and shall be charged on the Amount of the Assessment which shall be made of the said Rates and Duties, in the Year commencing from the fifth Day of jipril, when such Re-assessment shall be made, by duly apportioning the Amount of such Arrear amongst the several Persons assessed in that Year, according to each Person's Assessment, as nearly as the Case will admit, and by the like Rules, Methods, and Directions by which the original Assessment was made, to be raised and levied in such Manner as any Assessment or Re-assessment may, by any Law now in force, be raised and levied.

XXII. And be it furtW enacted, That at the End of every Quarter of a Year appointed by this Act for the Payment of the Sums assessed, or any Part thereof, or within one Calendar Month thereafter, or at such other Times as they shall think expedient, but nevertheless twice at least, videlicet, on or before the first Day of No- vernier and the first Day of May following, in every Year, and so from Time to Time as often as shall be necessery, the several and respective Commissioners appointed to put this Act in Execution, or any two or more of them, within their Distnft, shall and are hereby empowered and required to call before them the Collector or Collectors within each Division, Parish, or Place, and to examine him or them upon Oath or solemn Affirmation, and allure themselves of the Sum or Sums of Money that shall have been collected and paid to the said Collector or Collectors of the said Rates and Duties, and to make such Order therein for the Payment of the feme to the Receiver General, on the Day or Time appointed for receiving the fame, as they shall judge necessary, and also to allure themselves of the Sum or Sums in Arrear, and the Cauie or Causes thereof, and also upon such Oath or Affirmation, to examine the said Collector or Collectors touching the due Payment over of any Sums

collected

309

Duties or other Du tits under the Management of the Tax Office.

If Collectors do not demand Duties, or if they negWt to execute Warrants for Recovery of them within a limited Time, the Fa-rish shall be answerable for , them.

No Collector shall insert in any Schedule to be returned into the Exchequer any Person as a Defaulter, unless he make Oath of certain Particulars.

4

Arrears of Du. ties in England shall be rc-assess* ed upon the Faiiih.

Commissioners shall examine the Collectors upon Oath, as to the Sums collected of the said Duties, Ar rears of former Duties, Sec.

3io

Collegers refuting to attend the Commis-./ioners, or to an-fwe: Questions, or produce Certificates of Assessments, Sec. shall forfeit zol. c.

Commissioner*

may revoke Appointments of CY*lle<£fcor$ for KegleA, and appoint other* for the Remainder of the Year.

Collectors in Default, shall deliver up Cer-titivates of AffcflYnenU,cc. on Penalty of 20l.

If two Inhabitants &c. in England shall rci^uiie Security to he taken of the Culle&or, and shall name a fit Purfoii to I e Collector, the Cornu if fioueis shall not appoint one until such Security k' (jiv'.n; and it ti.e Per ion ^c* turned to them to lea C»*!l», <stor fli.-l* not give fuc Security, tin y shall appoint the Person so n.i; i eel, wiv# shall vice Stouiity.

C. 34. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

collected by him or them in any preceding Year, or any preceding Part of the same Year, and in every such Case to make such Order therein as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required, as soon after the passing of this Act as conveniently can be done, to call before them the Collector or Collectors appointed in each Diviuon, Parish, or Place in any former Year, where any Sum or Sums of the Duties charged: by virtue of the Act herein mentioned, shall be in Arrear or unpaid to the Receiver General, and to examine the said Collector or Collectors on such Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, and to assure themselves of the Sum or Sums of Money collected by him or them, and of the Sum or Sums in Arrear, and also of the Sum or Sums paid over to the Receiver General, and of the Sums remaining in the Hands of the said Collector or Collectors, and to make such Order therein as they shall judge necessary, to prevent any Failure in the Payment of any Part of the Assessment charged by virtue of the said Act; and so from Time to Time as long as any of the Arrears of the said Duties, or any of them, shall remain chargeable upon any of the said Divisions, Parishes, or Places; and thd respective Receivers General, Inspectors, and Surveyors, shall, when required so to do, be assisting to the said Commissioners in their Enquiry in all Matters relating to their respective Offices.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector, being duly summoned, shall refuse to attend the said respective Commissioners, or shall not answer all such Questions as shall be demanded of him by the said Commissioners touching the Execution of his Office of Collector, or shall refuse or neetedt to produce to them the Certificates of Assessments, Accounts, or Vouchers of such Receipts or Payments as aforesaid, or shall not obey the Order of the said Commissioners, to be made as before directed, every such Collector shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be charged upon him in the Assessment, and to be recovered as any Penalty or Assessment may be recovered by this Act, over and above any Forfeiture or Disability that may be incurred, by virtue of any Act or Acts, for detaining Monies of the said Rates and Duties in his Hands contrary to the said Act or Acts; and whenever any Money of the said Rates and Dutiet granted by this Act, or by the said former Act, shall be detained in the Hands of any Collector or Collectors, or any Penalty imposed on any Collector or Collectors shall remain unpaid, and the same or any Part thereof cannot be recovered by or under the Warrant or Authority of the respective Commissioners, or the said respective ^Commissioners shall neglect to issue such Warrant, then the fame, or such Part thereof as cannot be so recovered, shall be recoverable as a Debt upon Record to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with full Coils of Suit, and paid to the Receiver General in Aid of the Parish or Place answerable for the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any wilful Delay or Failure shall happen in demanding, receiving, recovering, or paying over any Monies of the said Rates and Duties, through the Default or Neglect of any Collector or Collectors, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to revoke the Appointment of the said Collector or Collectors so in Default or neglecting as aforesaid, and by Indorsement of the same Precept or Precepts of Appointment, to appoint a Collector or Collectors in his or their Stead, for the Remainder of the Year, with full Power to collect the Arrears of the Sums then due; and it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners, whenever the same shall be necessary, to revoke such last mentioned Appointment, and to appoint a Collector or Collectors in like Manner from Time to Time, and as often as any such Collector or Collectors shall be guilty of such Default or Neglect, provided the like Security be taken on every such new Appointment as shall have been required to be taken on the Appointment of Collectors at the Commencement of any Year as herein after is mentioned; and the said Collector or Collectors so in Default as aforesaid shall, on the Demand of the said Commissioners, deliver up to them, or in their Presence, to the Collector or Collectors newly appointed, all Certificates of Assessments wh: ch*he or they were charged to collect, and all Accounts of Receipts and Vouchers of Payment as aforesaid, and also shall pay to the Receiver General all Sums then in his or their Hands, at such Time as the said Commissioners shall appoint; and if any Person, after such Removal from the Place of Collector, shall refuse or neglect to do any Matter or Thing by this Act required, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Slim of twenty Pounds, to be charged in the Assessment, and recovered as any other Penalty by this Act is dirtdled to be charged or recovered, and shall also remain liable to such Forfeitures and Liabilities that may be incurred by virtue of any Act or Acts in force for detaining the said Monies in his Hands, after such Demand made of the same as aforesaid.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any two or more of the Inhabitants of the Division, Parish, or Place for which a Collector or Collectors may be appointed, being respectively charged 1 % any of the said Duties, or the Churchwardens or Overseers or Guardians of the Poor of any Descriptic n, or a y two or more of them, or the select Vestry, or any fevm or more of them, where a fdedl Vestry shall be authorized to act for any Parish or Parishes in England, shall require Security to be taken of the Collector or Collectors to be appointed as afortfajdj for the County, Parish, or Place, on Behalf of which such Application shall be made, and Anil name a fit and proper Person or Persons to be a C dledlor or Collectors, who will respectively give such Security, it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, in England, to appoint Collectors, until such Security be given; and if the Person or Persons returned to the said Commissioners, according to the Laws in force, to be a Collector or Collectors, shall not give such Security, then it shall be lawful for the Lid Commissioners to appoint such Persons, and no other, who (hrll have been named to them'by the Persons respectively before mentioned, as fit and proper Persons, and who w 11 give such Security

shall be required; which Security shall be by Bond, with two Sureties at the leaf!, in the Name of two or more of the said Commissioners, in a penal Sum equal to the probable Amount of all the said Rates and Duties to be collected for the Period of one Year, by the Person or Persons so to he appointed, and shall he conditioned for his or their duly demanding the said Rates and Duties of the respective Persons charged therewith, acceding to the Directions of the Act relating o the said Duties, and for proceeding in Default of Pavmcut to recover the lame by due Course cf Law, ami for payirg over the same to tl^e Receiver General, or his Deputy, in Manner directed by the said Commissioners, and which Bond shall be prosecuted by the said Commissioners

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 34. 311

on any Failure of the said Collector or Collectors, and shall not be subject to any Stamp Duty whatever: Provided always, that no such Bond shall be put in Suit against any Surety or Sureties for any Deficiency, other than what shall remain unsatisfied after Sale of the Lands, Tenements, Good*, and Chattels of such Collector or Collectors in pursuance and by virtue of the Directions and Powers given to the said Com-roissioners by virtue of the Laws in force.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Collector or Collectors appointed for any Parish or Place as aforesaid shall, when required so to do, deliver to the Churchwardens and Overseers or Guardians of the Poor, or any two of them, or the select Vestry aforesaid, or any seven of them, an Account in Writing of the Sums received by him or them, and of the Sums in Arrear, and of the Sums remaining in his or their Hands, and also of the Sums paid to the Receiver General; and if any Collector shall refuse or neglect so to do, within fourteen Days after such Demand shall be made, he shall forfeit and pay to the Use of the Poor of such Parish or Place the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered by the Acts relative to the said Rates or Duties, or any of them.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Collectors of the said Rates and Duties to be appointed in the several Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Burghs, and Places in Scotland, shall, within thirty Days after the passing of this Act, and before they aft in the Execution of their Duty as such Collectors, or receive any Money on the said Rates and Duties, enter into Bonds to the respective Commissioners, to be appointed for

in Execution this Act, or any two or more of them, in such Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Burghs, and

and Barons shall il* necessary order a legnl Process thereon, which may be proceeded in for Recovery of the Sum due, and the Penalty*

Colle^ors when required by the Churchwarden!, Sec. shall deliver Account of Sums received, See. on Penalty of aol.

Collectors in Scotland shall enter into Bond with such Caution as the Barons of Eiche-

laces, with such good and sufficient Caution as the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland shall require, binding querlhallre-hira or them, and his or their Sureties, conjunctly and severally, for his and their duly paying to the Receiver <*uirci General for Scotland at Edinburgh, at such Times after the Receipt thereof, as the said Barons shall direct to be inserted in such Bonds, all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall from Time to Time be collected by or be paid to them, for or on Account of any of the said Rates or Duties, under a Penalty of two hundred Pounds Sterling, over and above Performance; and which Bonds the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to take, and the said respective Commissioners shall forthwith cause the said Bonds to be delivered to the Receiver General at Edinburgh, or not being delivered to such Receiver General,

shall cause the same to be registered in the Books of Council and Session, and Extracts thereof to be delivered to the said Receiver General at Edinburgh.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where any such Collector or Collectors shall fail or negkft to pay over to the said Receiver General at Edinburgh, or to his Deputy or Deputies, any such Sum or Sums of Money, within such Number of Days after the same shall be received by him or them as aforesaid, as shall be specified in the Bond entered into by such Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, the said Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies may present the said Bond, or an Extract thereof, to any one or more of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, with a Petition, dating the Sum due, and not accounted for by such Collector or Collectors, and praying for a Homing, or other competent and legal Process of Court, upon such Bond or Extract, making Oath that the Sum dated in the Petition is due and not accounted for; and the Baron or Barons to whom such Petition shall be presented, may thereupon order a Homing or other competent and legal Process of Court to issue; and which Process of Court may be proceeded in by Ar-reftment, Poinding, Denunciation, Caption, Imprisonment, and otherwise, for recovering from such Collector or Collectors, and his, her, or their Surety or Sureties, the Sums due from such Collector or Collectors, and for the Penalty of two hundred Pounds in such Bond, over and above the Sums so due as aforesaid; or the Receiver General or his Deputy or Deputies, upon making Oath to the Sums due and unaccounted for, shall be at Liberty to proceed to the recovering the Payment thereof, and of the Penalty in the Bond by any Process for recovering Payment of Debts due to his Majesty, according to the Course of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two, if any Occupier of any Dwelling House in Great Britain, rated or assessed to any of the said Rates and Duties, shall remove out of the Limits of the Collectors of the said Duties, without first paying or discharging, or causing to be paid or discharged all the Rates and Duties charged upon him or her, and which shall then be due and payable, or without leaving in such Parish or Place sufficient Goods and Chattels, whereon the said Rates and Duties in Arrear may be raised and levied, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay, over and above the said Rates and Duties so left unpaid as aforesaid, the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered in Manner aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two, no Goods or Chattels whatever, belonging to any Person or Persons who shall have been* rated or assessed to any of the said Rates or Duties, shall be liable to be taken by virtue of any Execution, or other Process, Warrant, or Authority, (except at the Suit of the Landlord for Rent, or at the Suit of the King) on any Account or Pretence whatever, unless the Party at whose Suit the said Execution or Seizure shall be sued out or made, shall, before the Sale or Removal of such Goods from off the Premises by virtue of such Execution or Seizure, pay to the Collector or Collectors of the said Duties, all Arrears of the same Duties wh; ch shall be dne at the Time of taking such Goods or Chattels by virtue of such Execution or Seizure, provided fyteh Duties shall not be in Arrear for more than one Year; and in case the said Duties shall be in Arrear. for more than one Year, then the said Party, at whose Suit such Execution or Seizure is sued out or made, paying the hud Collector or Collectors the aforesaid Duties due in respect of the Premises for. one whole Year, may execute his Judgment or proceed in his Seizure as he might have done if no Duties had been in Arrear; but in case of Refusal to pay the said Duties, the said Collector or Collectors are hereby authorized and required to dtftrxin such Goods or Chattels, and proceed to Sale thereof, according to the Laws now in force, in order to obtain Payment of the Whole of the said Duties in Arrear, together with the reasonable Costs attending such Di&icfs and Sale, and all Remedies, Advantages, Powers, Methods, and Things, which by any Act or Acts

Persont removing out of the Limits of the Collector without paying Duties, shall forfeit 20L

No Goods shall he taken by virtue of any Process, except at the Suit of the Landlotd for Rent, or of the King, unless the Pjrty shall pay the Arrear of Duty, not exceeding a Year's; in cufc of.Refu-fti, the Collector n>; y distxain and fell tbs Goods.

12

C. 34. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

concerning Bankrupts, or concerning the Method of recovering Rent in Arrear, are given and granted to any Creditors, Lessors, or Landlords respectively, and all the Powers and Provisions of an Act passed in the twenty-37 G. 2. c. 20. seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more easy and effectualproceeding upon B'lftrejfes, to be made by Warrants of Justices of the Peace, and also of another Act passed in the .13 G. 3. c. 55. thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to authorize Justices of the Peace to impose Fines upon Conjlahles, Overseers, and other Peace and Parish Officers for Neglect of Duty, and on Masters of Apprentices for ill Usage of such their Apprentices 7 and also to make Provision for the Execution of Warrants of Distress granted byMag fircites, as far as the same Powers of the said last mentioned Act relate to the Execution of Warrants of Distrei's, granted by Justices of the Peace, shall be used and practised by the respective Com-iniflionera for executing this Act, and by any Collector, Surveyor, or Inspector of the said Rates and Duties, acting under the Authority of the said Commissioners for recovering and securing any Arrears of the said Rates and Duties, (over and above the Powers, Remedies, Rules, and Regulations contained in any Act or Acts relative to the said Duties, or in this Act) as fully and effectually as if the same Remedies, Advantages, Powers, Provisions, Methods, and Things were particularly and severally repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XXXI. And be it further drafted, That every Person appointed, or to be appointed an Assessor of the said Rates and Duties, shall, and he is hereby required to take an Oath, or being one of the People called Quakers, to make and subscribe a solemn Affirmation in the following Form; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear for affirm, as the Case may require], that in the Assessment which I am required to make by Authority of the several Acts relative to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and now in force, I will aft faithfully and honefUy, and without Favour or Affection, according to the bed of my Skill and Knowledge.

'So help me GOD.*

Which Oath or Affirmation any two of the Commissioners in the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, or Place, where the Assessment8 are to be made, are hereby authorized and required to administer; and if any Person so to be appointed Assessor as aforesaid, from and after the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two, shall presume to act in the said Office or Employment of an Assessor, before he shall have taken the said Oath or Affirmation, (as the Case shall require), he shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if in any Parish or Place in Great Britain, any Failure shall

AfieiToi s or Col- happen in the Appointment of the Assessor or Assessors, or Collector or Collectors, whereby the Assessments or lectors shall not Collection of the Rates and Duties is likely to be delayed, it shall be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace two*Justices, on an7 County, Shire, or Stewartry, the Ridings of Tori9 or Divisions of Lincoln, whenever such Failure shall

K<*ice of such happen in any Parish or Place within such County, Shire, Stewartry, Riding, or Division, or in any Town or

Place adjoining thereto, such Town or Place not being a County of itself, nor within any County, and for the Chief Magistrate and Justices of the Peace of any City, Town, or Place being a County of itself, and they and everyof them, on Notice of such Default to be given by the Surveyor, are strictly enjoined and required to appoint an Assessor or Assessors, or a Collector or Collectors, as the Case may require, observing therein the Rules and Regulations prescribed by the said Acts or this Act, for the Appointment of such respective Officers, by Commissioners; and if any Person appointed by the Justices or Magistrates as aforesaid, or by the Commissioners for executing the said Acts, to be an Assessor or Collector, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to take upon himself the Office of an Assessor or Collector, or shall wilfully neglect or refuse to perform his Duty in the speedy and faithful Execution of his Office, as directed by the said Acts or this Act in that Behalf, or if any Person so appointed to be an Assessor, shall neglect or refuse to take the Oath directed to be taken by Assessors by this Act, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if, according to the Opinion of any of the Justices, Judges, or Barons in any of the Courts at Westminster, or in the Court of Session or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, to whom any Case hath been, or shall at the Request of the Appellant or Appellants be transmitted in pursuance of any of the Directions contained in the said Acts or any of them, the Change or Surcharge upon which the

filmed, the Party Question contained in such Case shall have arisen, shall, after the passing of this Act, be confirmed and efta-shall pay 40a. blished, the Person or Persons so charged or surcharged shall, for the Costs and Charges attending the fame, pay to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of forty Shillings, in Addition to the Charge or Surcharge, or the Part thereof, so confirmed and established as aforesaid; and which Costs shall be added to such Assessment, and levied and collected therewith, and as Part of the Rates and Duties so assessed.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution shall cause true Duplicates of all Assessments and Surcharges made by virtue of this Act to be prepared within one Calendar Month after the Expiration of the Times for hearing Appeals in every Year, and to be delivered unto the respective Receivers General, and also transmitted into the Offices of the King's Remembrancer in the Exchequer in England and Scotland respectively; for which Duplicates the proper Officers shall give Receipts gratis; the said Duplicates to be made for the faiqe Divisions, and in the same Manner, except as herein is provided, as ia directed by any Act or Acts before n>entioned, and in force in respect of the said Duties.

Oath of AffflTo rs.

Which two Commissioners may administer. 50l. Penalty for acting without taking the Oath.

If.in any Place

Default, may appoint them.

Assessor? or Col-le&oni on Ne-gledt, or Assessors on Refusal to take the Oath, shall forfeit 50l.

If a Charge or Surcharge on a Case to the Judges, '&c. shall be con-

Custs.

Commissioners shall make Duplicates of Assessmerits and Surchaiges, and deliver them to the Receivers neral, and also Iransmit them to the Exchequer.

On Cases to

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever any Case or Cases to be transmitted to

the Judges, &c. any of the Justices, Judges, or Barons, for his or their Opinion thereon, in the Manner directed by any Act or turned in due Acts relating to the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, shall have been obtained by any Inspector or In-Time, Commis- speftors, or Surveyor or Surveyors, by Reason of any Surcharge or Surcharges not being allowed by the Com-lioners shall missioners for executing this Act, and the same shall not be returned within the Time required for making up make out kpa- and dealing the Accounts of the Collector or Collectors, whereby the passing the Accounts of the Receivers

General

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 34.

General may be impeded, it shall be lawful for the (Commissioners, and they are hereby required to make but a separate Assessment, including therein the Names of the Party or Parties in the Case or Cases so transmitted, and the Amount of the Sums wherewith the Party or Parties shall have been surcharged, and which shall be depending upon the Opinion of such Justicea, Judge3, or Barons respectively, and to cause to be made out the Duplicates of the several Assessments required to be delivered to the respective Receivers General, and the Offices of the King's Remembrancer, exclusive of the Sums so depending, to the End that there may be no Delay in paying into the Receipt of the Exchequer the Sums assessed and Fully charged; and that upon the Return of tuch Opinions, whenever the same shall happen, the said Commissioners shall cause such separate Assessments to be reAified accordingly, and the Sums so assessed to be levied in like Form and Manner as any Assessments may be levied, and to be paid to the respective Receivers General, and shall also cause true Supplemental Duplicates of all such separate Assessments to be made out as soon as conveniently may be done, and delivered unto the respective Receivers General, and also transmitted into the Offices of the King's Remembrancer in the Exchequer ia England and Scotland respectively; for which Supplemental Duplicates, the proper Officers shall give Acquittances gratify so as every of them may be duly charged to answer the Whole of their respective Ctulections and Receipts.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That one Moiety of all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures hereby imposed shall, if sued for within the Space of twelve Calendar Months from the Time of such Penalties or Forfeitures being incurred, be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same within the Time aforesaid j and all such Penalties, exceeding the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall and may be sued for in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Wcjhnmjltr, for Offences committed in England or Berwick ubon Tweedy or in the Courts of Great SeiBons for Offences committed in Wales f or in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland for Offences cotni tnttted in Scotland, by Action of Debt or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Lsrv, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; but nevertheless it shall be lawful for his Majesty's Attorney General in England, in all such Suits or Prosecutions in England or Wales, or his Majesty's Advocate in Scotland, in all such Suits or Prosecutions in Scotland, in case ft shall appear to hit Satisfaction, that any Penalty or Forfeiture was incurred without Intention of Frauds to stay all further Proceedings, by entering a noli prose-md or otherwise, with respect as well to the Share of such Penalty or Forfeiture claimed' by such Informer or Informers, as to the Share thereof belonging to his Majesty.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That in Default of Prosecution Within the Time herein-before limited, no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable, except in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General in England, and of his Majesty's Advocate in Scotland, by Information in the Court of Exchequer in England or Scotland respectively, in which Cases the Whole of such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors* shall be paid into the Hands of such Person or Persons as the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall appoint to receive the same, to the Use of his Majesty; and that in all Cases where the Whole of such pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures shall be recovered to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause such Reward as they shall think fit, not exceeding one Moiety of such Penalty or Forfeiture so recovered, after deducting all Charges and Expencet incurred in recovering the fame, to be paid thereout to or amongst any Person or Persons who shall appear to them entitled thereto aa Informers* in respect of such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties not exceeding twenty Pounds imposed by this Act, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be recoverable before two or more Commissioners for executing this A A, in the District where tile Offence shall be committed, and such Commissioners shall take Cognizance of such Offence, upon Information or Complaint in Writing made to them, and upon a Summons to the Party accused to appear before the said Commissioners at such Time and Place a9 they shall fix, or without such Summons, in case the Party or Parties shall have been surcharged before the said Commissioners, and shall have appealed against the fame, and such Commissioners shall proceed to hear and determine the same in a summary Way, and to examine into the Matter of FaA, and upon Proof made thereof, either by voluntary Confession of the Party accused, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or otherwise as the Case may require, to give Judgement for the Penalty, or for such Part thereof, to which the said Commissioners shall think proper to mitigate the fame, not being in any Case less than one Moiety of the Penalties herein expressed, and to assess the same upon the Party, and charge the same in the Assessment to which the Penalty adjudged shall particularly relate, and in Addition to the Duty, in case the Party shall be charged therewith; and which Penalties so adjudged shall be levied in like Manner as the said Duties, and the Informer or Informers shall be entitled to receive from the Receivers General one Moiety of the Amount of such Penalties in such Shares, where two or more of them are concerned, as the Commissioners for executing this Act shall certify to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes they are respectively entitled unto; and the said Adjudication of the Commissioners shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, without Power of appealing from the same; and the Proceedings of the Commissioners shall not be removeable by any Process whatever into any Court of Law or Equity, nor be subject to Revision, unless a Case shall be demanded and stated for the Opinion of one of the Judges or Justices of the superior Courts, conformably to the Directions contained in this Act, or any former Act relating to the said Duties.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Rates and Duties by this Act granted, together with the Monies arising from the Rates and Duties granted by the said Act, and hereby consolidated (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), shall from Time to Time be

42 Geo. III. Sf paid

3 0

rate Assessmentf of the Surcharges depending, auct Duplicatesof the Assessments, exclusive thereof, shall be delivered to the Receiver General, and the Exchequer, and Supplemental Duplicates when the OpinioaS are returned.

Application of Penalties sued for within 11 Months. Penalties exceeding 20l. shall be sued for at Westminster, Jcc.

Attorney General, &c. may Ray Proceedings.

Recovery and Application of Penalties not sued for within the limited Time.

Penalties not exceeding 20l. ie-coveiable before two or more ConuniiTioners.

Duties shall he carried to the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

3*4 C. 34. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 180*.

*7 i* G. 1.

V 4 the P

cvinted weic to be uttered in the A urM for's X^rce in the Exchequer, in certain Pi<*: or.ii>ns.

r

Application of Duics .jU'ier fc-tiic said

Sum*.

prrid into the Receipt of his Majesty's 'Exchequer at WeRmnJler; and the' fat'd "Monies'so paid into the Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

XL. 4 And whereas, by the said Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, it was provided for the Purposes of making a permanent Addtrion to the pttbliek Revenue, and for defraying any increased Charge occasioned by certain Loan* made and Stock created by Authority of Parliament, that during the Remainders of certain Periods of ten Years, to be computed as in the said A<& it mentioned, there should be Separately entered in the Books provided and kepi in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer for the Purposes aforesaid, at the End of every Quarter of a Year, the Proportions therein-afttr mentioned of the said Duties granted by the said Act for the Purposeof Supplying the Several Accounts of the said Rates and Duties thereby directed to be kept; (that is to say, ) for the general Account existing prior to the fifth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, one fourth Part of the Several Sums of three hundred and twenty-seven thousand nine hundred Pounds, and five hundred and fifteen thousand Pounds, and one fourth Part of the further Sum of one hundred and forty-eight thousand six hundred Pounds, on Account of the Rates and Duties granted by an Act passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and that after reserving such fourth Part of the said Several Sums of Money, the Remainder thereof should, at the End of each such Quarter, be entered in the Separate Accounts directed to be kept in the Office of the said Auditor in the Proportion therein-after prescribed; [that is to say, ) in the Separate Accounts directed to be kept by the Several Acts passed in the thirty-fourth 'i ear of the Reign of his present Majesty,

out of the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, one tourtn Part of the annual Sum of thirty-six thousand Pounds; out of the Duties on Inhabited Houses, one fourth Part of the annual Sum of fourteen thousand eight hundred and sixty Pounds, on Account of certain Duties granted br Ada passed in the said last mentioned

Year, and in the Separate Account directed to be kept by feveml Acts passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; out of the said Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, one fourth Part of the annual Sum of thirty-six thousand Pounds, and fifty-one thousand five hundred Pounds; and out of the said Duties on Inhabited Houses, one fourth Part of the annual Sum of fourteen thousand eight hundred and sixty Pounds, on Account of certain Duties granted by an Act passed in the said last mentioned Year; and in the Separate Account directed to be kept by several Acts passed in the thirty-Seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Remainder of the Rates and Duties granted by the said Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, as the same should respectively arise at the End of eaci such Quarter; be it further eroded, That, after reforvinff at the said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, the several Sums before specified, in the Manner directed by the said Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, there shall, during the Remainder of the Period of ten Years, to be computed from the Time of granting the said Duties by the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, be Separately entered in the Account directed to be kept by the said Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, at the End of every speh Quarter as aforesaid, yearly, the Sum of one hundred and ten thousand three hundred and seventy-four Pounds, bring one fourth Part of the Avefrage annual Amount for the Period since the patting of the said last mentioned Act, of the said Remainder of the Rates and Duties thereby granted; and after reserving the said Several Sums, the Remainder of the Monies collected and paid under and by virtue of this Act, shall, for the Period of ten Years from the Time of passing this Act, be entered in a Separate Account, to.be kept at the said Receipt, and shall be deemed a per* manent Increase to the publick Revenue of Great Britain, for the Purpose of ddraying any increased Charge fccafioned by any Loan to be made, or Stock to be created, by Authority of any Act of Parliament passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament, or if Supplying any Deficiency in the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, by Occasion of any Act passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament, for repealing the Duties on Income, and charging the Annuities now changed on the said Duties so repealed On the said Consolidated Fund. 1

Limitation of Actions six Months. General Issue. Treble Cotta. $ 41. Ad'may be altered or repealed this Session. $ 42, "

Schedules to which this act refers. — schedule a.

A SCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable for every Dwelling House, inhabited or $o be inhabited, within England and Scotland respectively, according to the dumber of Windows or Lights in each Dwelling House.,

NUMBER ot WINDOWS, 'according to which the Dwelling House shall be charged.

&ot more than 6 Windows or Lights, (except such inhabited Dwelling Housea which shall be worth the Rem of 5l. by the Year, and shall be charged to the Rate or Duty herein mentioned, accord fng to the Rent thereof)

N ot morel ban 6 Windows or Light s, if of the Vartne "before mentioned, and charged to the said Rale or Duty accord-intrly —

7 Windows or Lights

8 D° -

9 D# _ —

10 D*

11 D* — _ —

12 D4

*3 D4 -

14 D° -

15 D4 — : —

16 rr —

*7 D4 — ' —

18 D° -

19 D° -

20 D° —

21 D° —

22 1)° — »w* — r

23 D° -

24 D°, -

25 D°; -

26 ir -

27 D° _ —

28 IY

29 D° -

3° D° -

31 D° -

32 D° -

33 D° -

34 1Y -

35 D° -

36 D° -

37 ir -

3* D° -

39 D° -

40 to 44 D° -

45 49 D° -

5° 54 D° -

55 59 D° -

60 64 D° -

*5 69' jy° -

70 74 IY -

75 79 IY -

80 84 IY -

*5 89 D° -

90 94 I)° -

95 99 IY -

100 109 JY -

no 19 IY -

120 129 D° -

13039 D° -

14049 D4 -

15059 D° -

160 169 D° -

170 179 D° -

180 ^ndoipwarcU D° -

shall contain n ore than 1S0 Window1? or Ug1ns far every .Window or I i^ht exceeding the N umber of 1-o

DUTIES payable by 36 Geo. 3. Cap. 40.

England.

d.

- 4 6 — 2

6 _ 4

- >4 6 — 12

I 1 — — J9

I 7 1 5

I4 — 1 12

2 4 — 2 2

2 16 — . 24

3 8 — . 3 6

4 0 — 3 18

4 12 — 4 10

5 4 — 5 2

5 16 — 54

6 8 6 6

7 — — 6 18

7 12 -r- 7 10

8 4 8 2

8 16 — 84

9 8 — 96

10 — — 918

10 12 — 10 10

11 2 — 11 —

ii 12 .11 10

12 2 — 12 —

12 12 — 12 10

*3 2 — <3 —

*3 12 — 3 10

*4 2 — 4 —

*4 12 — H 10

l5 2 — l5 —

*5 12 1 — l5 10

16 — , 15 18

16 8 — 16 6

16 16 — 164

*7 4 - — l7 2

*7 10 — 7 8

x9 — — 18 18

20 10 — 20 8

22 — — 21 18

23 10 ' 23 8

25 — — 24 18

26 10 — 26 8

28 — ' 27. 18

29 10 — - 29 8

31 — — 30 18

S2 10 — 32 8

34 — — 33 tS

37 — — 36 18

40 . — — 39 18

43 — — 42 18

46 — — 45 18

49 — 48 18

52 — ' r 51'18*

55 — — 54 18

5« — — 57 18

61 60 18

2 6 2

Scotland.

T

Additional Duties payable by this Act.

£.

- i 6 —

- 4 -

- 9 — I

II, I

l6 2

I I 3

I 4 — 4

I 7 — 4

1. 10 — 5

1 13 — 6

1 16 — 7

1 19 _ 7

22 — 8

2 5 — 9

2 8 — 10

2 n — 7 10

2 14 — 11

2 17 — 12

3 — — 3

3 33

3 8 -4

3*3 — l5

318 — 16

4 3 — 16

48 — !7

4 x3 — 18

418 — *9

5 3 — x9

5 8 _ 20

5*3 — 21

6 — — 22

6 7 - 22

6 14 — 23

7* — 24

8 5 - 25

9 5" 28

10 5 — 3°

11 5 — 33

11 19 — 35

129 — 37

12 19 — 39

139" 41/

139 — 43

149 — 45

x4 l9 — 47

l59 — 49

*59 — 52

169 — i6

179 — rio

189 — 64

uj9 — 68

209 — 72

219 — 7*

229 — So

22 2 — 83

Total Duties to be charged in one Sum for every Dwelling House.

In England.

d.

- 6 —

8 —

18 6

10 — 18 _ 10 — 5 —

*5 —

10 —

5 —

5 —

10 —

5 —

*5 —

10 —

5 —

S —

5 —

5 -

5

*5

5

i*

5

9

9

9

9 '

9

9

9

9'

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

- 2

In Scotland.

d.

- 4 —

1

1

2

3

3

4

6

6

7*

8

9

9

10

11

12

12

13 H5

15

16

17

18

18

19

20

21

21

22

23

24

25

28

30

33

35

37

39

4r

43

45

47

49

5*

60

64

68

72

76

80

82

6 — t6 6 8 —

16 — 8 —

3 — 18 —

*3 - 8 —

3 — 18 —

*3 " — 8 —

3 - 18 —

*i -

it —

3 -

8 —

18 —

t

i

13 — 8 —

3 —

18 —

*3 — 8 —

3 —

3, ^x3 — 3 — 7. — 7 — 7 — 7 — 7* — 7

7 — 7 — 7 - 7

7 - 7 —

' 7 — 7 — 7 — 7 - — 18 —

6 —

S f

The

Wheat, kc. when the Average Prices thereof, asascertained according to 31 G. 3. c. 30. shall be under those herein specified, and in the annexed Table (A), may be exported in toy British or 11 ifK VeftU to Ireland;

and xrhen the Average Price* thereof, taken according to the Manner pre-icribed for regulating the Export from Ireland, Ovall be under those herein spe-and in T.-'ble (B.),

W !: e.*t, &c.may 1, exported in like Manner

Ireland to

C. 34, 35. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

The said several Hates and Duties to be charged in respect of every Inhabited Dwelling House, with the Househdd and other Offices, without any other or further Exemptions being allowed, than such as are contained and express, provided in and by this Act, notwithstanding any former Statute or Statutes to the contrary.

SCHEDULE B.

A SCHEDULE of the Rate and Duties payable on all Inhabited Dwelling Houses within and throughout

Great Britain, according to the Value thereof.

Ditfiesby J&G. 3 Cap. 40..Additional 1>uiuh by the Act.*Total.

In the Pound. In the Pound in the Pound.

For every Inhibited House in Great Britain, which with the Household and other Offices, Yards, and Gardens, therewith occupied, are or shall he worth the Renl herefo-after mentioned, by the Year, there be charged the yearly Sums following; videlicet. £*£. d I £. /. d

Five Pounds and under twenty Pounds Rent by the Year — — — 8 8 — 1 4

Twenty Pounds and under forty Pounds Rent by the Year — Forty Pounds Rent by the Year and upwards, — — c — - 1 -

- *3 — '» 3 1 — 2 6

The said last mentioned Rates and Duties to be charged on the Occupier or Occupiers of every such Inha* bited House, except where otherwise provided by this Act, and to be subject to all the Exemptions contained in any Act or Acts in force, for granting the Duties on Inhabited Houses hereby repealed, but to no other or further Exemptions whatever, notwithstanding any Statute or Statutes to the contrary.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for regulating, until the fifteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and three, the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland> and from Ireland to Great Britain.

[15th April 1802.]

WHEREAS it will be attended with beneficial Consequences, if Grain, Flour, and Meal, shall be per-

mitted* for a limited Time, to be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain respectively, although the Prices in that Part of the Kingdom from which the Exportation thereof

shall be made, shall be higher than those at which such Exportation is now by Law prohibited be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That during the Continuance of this Act, whenever the Average Prices of Wheat, Rye, Barley, or Oats, in any of the twelve several Districts into which England and Wales are divided by an Act, made in the Parliament of Great Britain, in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Importation of Com, and the Paxment of the Duty on Foreign Com imported, and of the Bounty on British Com exported, or in any of the five several Distnfts into which Scotland is divided by the uid Act, and by another Aft passed in the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for erecting the County of Edinburgh into a separate Di/lrid, for the Purpose of regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, shall respectively appear, according to the Methods directed by the said Act of the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for ascertaining the Prices of Com and Grain, to be under the Prices specified in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.) videlicet j that of Wheat under fifty-four Shillings, that of Rye under thirty-seven Shillings, that of Barley under twenty-seven Shillings, and that of Oats under eighteen Shillings the Quarter, Money of Great Britain, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to export out of and from any Port in such District in Great Britain, in any British or Irish Ship or Vessel owned and navigated according to Law, any such Wheat, Rye, Barley, or Oats respectively, of British Growth, or any Flour or Meal made thereof, to any Port or Place in Ireland; any Thing in the said two recited Acts or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Average Prices of Wheat, Rye, Barley, or Oats shall respectively appear, according to the General Average ascertained in the Manner prescribed by Law for the Purpose of regulating the Export thereof from Ireland to be under the Prices specified in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (JB.) videlicet; that of Wheat under one Pound fifteen Shillings and Elevenpence and one nineteenth Part of a Penny; that of Rye under one Pound five Shillings and, Sixpence and one eleventh Part of a Penny; that of Barley under sixteen Shillings and Eightpence and four seventh Parts of a Penny; and that of Oat9 under twelve Shillings and Sixpence and thirty-three thirty-eighth Parts of a Penny* Irish Currency, the Barrel, it shall and may be lawful far any Person or Persons, during the Continuance of this Act, to export out of and from any Port in Ireland, in any British or Irish Ship or Vessel owned and navigated according to Law, any such Wheat, Rye, Barley, or Oats respectively, of Irish Growth, or any Flour or Meal made thereof, to any Port or Place in Great Britain; any Matter or Thing in any Act of the Parliament of Ireland contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Great Britain.

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 35, 36, 37.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, until the fifteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to export from Ireland to Great Britain, in any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, any Wheat, Rye, Barley, and Oats of Irish Growth, or Flour or Meal made thereof, if the Average Prices at which such Wheat, Rye, Barley, and Oats shall have respectively been fold in the publick Market at or nearest to the Place from whence the same shall be intended to be exported, shall have been, on the Market Day next preceding the Shipping thereof, under the Prices specified herein-before, and in the said Table (B.), for the same.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed or extend to alter or repeal any Clause, Matter, or Thing now in force, in any of the said herein-before recited Acts, or in any other Act or Acts now in force in any Part of the said United Kingdom, for regulating the Trade in Com, except in so far as the same are expressly altered by this present Act; and that all such Acts, and every Clause, Matter, and Thing therein contained, shall be extended to this present Act.

u Act to continue till Feb. 15, 1803. §5."

TABLE (A.)

Wheat. Rye. Barley. Oats.

British. British. British. British.

t.

Under per Quarter 54 37 27 18

TABLE (B.)

Wheat. Rye. Barley. Oats.

Irish. Info. Irish. Irish.

£^£. t. £ £. /. d.

Under per Barrel 1 >5 "rVj 1 5 <5* 0 16 0 12

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and three, several Acts of the last Session of Parliament for reviving, continuing, and amending several Laws for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Ireland.

[15th April 180a.]

The Titles of Statutes 41 G. 3. {U.K.) cc. 45. 47, and 48, recited, and w the said Acts, and all the Provisions in the several Acts therein mentioned, contained, continued, or enacted by the said herein recited Acts/' further continued to Sept. 29, 1803.

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs*and for consolidating the lame with the present Duties thereon.

[30th April 1802.] Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty* most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick. Expence*, and making a permanent Addition to the publick Revenue of Great Britain, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties herein after mentioned $ and do most'humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and. be it enacted by the King* most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Uonfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two, in that Part of Great Britain caHed England, and from and after the Term of IVbitfvnday One thousand eight hundred and two, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, there shall be affected, raised, levied, and paid unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succef-(ors, upon all Male Servants retained or employed by any Person or Persons in any# of the several Capacities mentioned in an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and upon all Carriages of any of the Descriptions mentioned in another Act passed in the same Year*, kept by any Person or Persons for his, her, or their own Use, or to be let out to Hire; and upon all Horses, Mares, or Geldings kept and used by any Person or Persons for Riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any such Carriagej and upon all other

3 Horses,

317

Until May 15, lioij Wheat, Sec. may be so exported from Ireland in certain Cases.

Recited A&», not hereby altered, shall extend to this Act

Duties in the annexed Schedules shall be paid on Servants, Carriages, Hurfet, and Dogs.

[*5 G. 1. c. 43. a 2.) and c. 47.]

I

c. 37.

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

Tht* -addition il and the Duties payable unde* 35 G. 3. c. 41. and 4t G. 3. c. 9. shall be confoH-dnted and charged together, 10 odrding to ibe annexed Schedule*.

In England cer a tin Occupiers of Farms at Rack Rent, &c. under 20l. per Ann. not keeping more than two Horses, shall be charged to the Duties in Schedule (C. No. 2.) at only 6d. for each Ilorfe.

In Scotland such Occupiers of Farms at a Rack Rent, &c under 10l. shall be charged only 6d. per Horse.

Former Exemptions extended to this Act.

Exemptions of Irish Members, Suvunder 4r G. 3. c. 61. (br. ti.) extended to this Act. No additional Duty on Taxed Cans described in 3&G. 3.C. 93. but t be Horses ftul! be liable iindu loin.cr

Horses, Mwes, and Geldings, and upon all Mules and Dogs kept by any Person or Persons, the several yearly Rates and Duties respectively mentioned, described, and set forth in the several Schedules hereunto annexed, marked (A., B. N" 1., B. N° 2., C. N' I., C. N° 2., and D.), which several Schedules, and the Rules therein contained, shall be deemed and construed a Part of this Act as if the same were incorporated therewith.

II. And whereas the said several additional Rates and Duties, and the several Duties payable at and imme dately before the passing of this Act, by virtue of two Acts, one thereof passed in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horfts,

Mules, and Dogs, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and the other thereof passed in the forty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Horses in Great Britain, and for exempting from Duty Horses kept for the Purpose of Husbandry by Per-'forts holding Farms under a certain Value, might t>c more conveniently collected if the same were respectively consolidated and charged under the Provisions of this Act j* be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties

granted by the said first mentioned Act on Servants, and the additional Duties hereby granted on Servants, as the same are respectively set forth and described in the said Schedule, marked (A.) hereunto annexed; the several Rates and Duties or Carnages granted by the said firlb mentioned Act, and the additional Duties hereby granted on Carriages, as the same are respectively set forth and described in the said Schedules, marked {B. N° 1. and B. N° 2.) hereunto annexed; die several Rites and Duties on Horses, Mares, and Geldings ured for the Purpose of Riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Carriage chargeable with the Duty granted by the said first mentioned Act, the additional Duties granted on such Hordes, Mares, or Geldings by the said lull mentioned Act, and the further additional Duties on such Horses, Mares, or Geldings granted by this Act, as the same are respectively set forth and described in the said Schedule, marked (C. N° 1.) hereunto annexed; the several Rates and Duties on Horses, Mares, or Geldings, not charged with Duty according to Schedule fC. N° 1.), and on Mules, granted by the said first mentioned Act, the additional Duties granted on such Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules by the said last mentioned Act, and the further additional Duties printed on such Horses, Manes. Geldings, or Mules by this Act, as the same are respectively set forth and defciibel in the said Schedule, marked (C. 2.) hereunto annexed; and the several Rates and Duties on Dogs gn nt d by the said first mentioned Act, and "the additional Duty on Dogs granted by this Act, as the same are refj eftively set forth and described in the said Schedule, marked (D.) hereunto annexed, shall respectively be 'consolidated, and shall be assessed and charged together as the same are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said several Schedules.

III. 4 And whereas it is expedient to-chanre the Persons herein after described to the said Rates and Duties at a letter Rate than is mentioned in the said Schemes, ' be it further enacted, That in that Tart of Great Britain called England, any Person occupying a Farm at Rack Rent, the Rent of which shall be less than twenty Pounds a Year, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or occupying any Ellate on any other Tenure than as Tenant at Rack Rent, or such other Ellate together with a Farm at Rack Rent, the Value of which in the Whole shall be less than equivalent to a Farm at the Rack Rent of twenty Pounds a Year, (reckoning the Value of every Estate occupied by the Owner thereof, or on any Tenure other than as Tenant at Rack Rent, as equivalent to double the Amount of the like Farm at Rack Rent, ) and making a Livelihood solely thereby, and keeping not more than two Horses, Mares, or Geldings, bond side for the Purpose of such Occupation, and which otherwise would be chargeable at the Rate mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed marked (C. N* 2.) shall not be charged to the Rates and Duties, in the said Schedule mentioned, at a higher Rate than in the Sum of Sixpence for each of such Horses, Marcs, or Geldings.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and in the Principality of Wales, any Person occupying a Farm at Rack Rent, the Rent of which shall be less than ten Pounds Sterling a Year, and making a Livelihood principally thereby, or occupying any Ellate on any other Tenure than as Tenant at Rack Rent, or such other Ellate together with a Farm at Rack Rent, the V aluc of which in the Whole shall be less than equivalent to a Farm at the Rack Rent of ten Pounds Sterling^ Year, (reckoning the Value of every Ellate occupied by the Owner thereof, or on any Tenure other than as Tenant at Rack Rent, as equivalent to double the Amount of the like Farm at Rack Rent), and making a Livelihood principally thtreby, and keepng not more than two Horses, Mares, or Geldings, bond side for the Purposes of such Occupation, or of any Trade or Calling by which such Person shall earn a Livelihood or Profit, or keeping not more than two Horses, Mares, or Geldings, bond fdc for the Purposes of such Occupation and Calling, which otherwise would be chargeable at the Rate mentioned in the Schedule to this Act marked (C. N° 2.), shall not be charged to the said Rates and Duties in the said Schedule mentioned, at a higher Rate than in the Sum of Sixpence for each of such Horses, Mares, and Geldings.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Person entitled to be exempted from the Rates and Duties granted by the said former Acts, or either of them, shall also be exempted from the Rates and Duties hereby granted on the same Articles respectively.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Persons who respectively are exempted from the Rates and Duties granted by the Acts herein-before mentioned, by an Act passed in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty* intituled, An Act to exempt from the Payment of certain Duties, such Members of both Houset Of Pfirliament fervingfor that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and such other Persons herein described, as may have only an occasional Rfjidence in Great Britain, shall also be exempted from the Rates and Duties granted by this Act on the lame Articles respectively: Provided always, that no additional Duty shall be charged by virtue of this Act, on any Two Wheeled Carriage called A Taxed Cart, drawn by one Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, and conttrufted according to the Directions and Provisions of an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his pee lent Majesty, intituled, An Act for ascertaining the Duty payable < n Taxed Carts; and every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, used in drawing such Taxed Cart in respect of which the Duties con*

6 x tained

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 37.

tamed in the said recited Acts were jhirgeable, shall, from and after the passing of thin Ad, be chargeable to the like Duties, and also the additional Duty hereby directed to be consolidated therewith.

VII. And be it further enacted, That any Person licensed by the Commissioners for Hackney Coaches, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof, to keep any Hackney Coach or Coaches, shall be exempted from the Rates and Duties mentioned in Schedule (C. N* 2.) hereunto annexed, in respect of each Coach so licensed for two Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more, kept for the Purpose of drawing such Coach.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Rates and Duties charged in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be paid by quarterly Instalments on the Days herein after mentioned; that is to fary, on the twentieth Day of June for the Quarter commencing from the fifth Day of April and ending on the fifth Day of July 5 the twentieth Day of September for the Quarter commencing from the fifth Day of July and ending on the tenth Day of October; the twentieth Day of December for the Quarter commencing from the tenth Day of Octobery and ending on the fifth Day of January; and the twentieth Day of March for the Quarter commencing from the fifth Day of January, and ending on the fifth Day of April in every Year 5 the first Payment thereof to be made on the twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two: In that Part of Great Britain called Scotland) by Half-yearly Instalments; that is to say, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September for the Half Year commencing from the Term of 1VhitJunday9 and ending at the Term of Martin-mas in the same Year; and on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March for the Half Year commencing from the Term of Martinmas, and ending at the Term of Whitsunday next ensuing; the First Payment thereupon to be made on the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two: And it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners, and they are hereby required to issue out and deliver to the respective Collectors their Warrants for the speedy and effectual levying and collecting the said Rates and Duties as the same shall become payable by quarterly Instalments; and that such Part thereof as cannot be so levied and collected, shall be recoverable as a Debt upon Record to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with full Costs of Suit, and paid to the Receiver General, in Aid of the Parish or Place in which the same shall be charged, and for which Payment the said Parish and Place shall be answerable.

IX. And be it farther endded, That all and every the Persons who are or may be authorized to be Commit*

iioners for putting in Execution the Acts in force relating to the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, shall be Commissioners for executing this Act, and the Powers herein contained in all and every the Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively within Great Britain, and the several Persons, who, as Clerks, Surveyors, and Inspectors, Assessors and Collectors respectively, are or may be authorized to ad in the Execution of the said Acts, relating to the Duties on Houses, Window^ or Lights, shall also be Clerks, Inspector3, Surveyors, Assessors, and Collectors, to ad in the Execution of this Act} and the said Commissioners, and other the Persons so authorized to ad in the Execution of the said Acts, shall and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all Things necessary for putting this Act in Execution in the like and in as full and ample a Manner as they or any of them are or is authorized to put in Execution the said Acts, or any other Act or Acts relating to any of the Duties charged by Assessment. '

X. And be it further enacted, That the said several Rates and Duties shall respectively be assessed, raised, levied, collected, and received, in such and the like Form and Manner, and with such Powers of Surcharge and Appeal from the same, and according to such Rules, Methods, and Directions, and with such Exceptions and Exemptions as are prescribed and appointed by any Act or Acts now in force, for assessing, raising, levying, collecting, recovering, and paying the Rates and Duties payable at and immediately before the Time of passing this Act, on Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, as far as the same are not expressly altered by this Act; and that all and every the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in the said Acts herein-before mentioned, or any other Act or Acts therein referred to, and in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, and not altered by this Act, or which shall be contained in any Ad to be passed in this Session or Parliament for granting additional Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, for the speedy and effectual levying, collecting, and paying, and re-assessing, in Default of Payment, the Rates and Duties granted by the said Acts, or either of them, or any other the Rates and Duties charged by Assessment, shall be in full Force, and be severally and respectively duly observed, prao tifed, applied, and put in Execution throughout Great Britain, for the levying, collecting, and paying the said several Rates and Duties in the Schedules to this Act mentioned, and re-aflemng the fame, in Default of Payment, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purports as if the same Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Assessors for the Time being, shall within twenty-one Days after the passing of this Act, for the Year ending on the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three, and for every subsequent Year after the said Day, within twenty-one Days after the fifth Day of April in such Year, cause general Notices to be affixed on the Doors of the Church or Chapel, or Market-house, or Crofr (if any), of the City, Town, Parish, or Phce for which such Assessors shall act; and if such Place (half not have a Church, or Chapel, or Market-house, or Crofr, then on the nearest Church or Chapel Door of any adjoining Parish, requir ng all persons residing in the said City, Town, Parish, or Place, who are by this Act required io to do, to make out and deliver to the respective Assessors, such Lifts or Declarations as are herein after required; and such general Notice shall, from the Time when the same shall be affixed, be deemed sufficient Notice of the Time within which the Returns before mentioned shall be required to be made in each Year, to all Persons reading in such City, Town, Parish, or Place, and the affixing the same in Manner before directed, shall be deemed good Service of such Notice to all Persons within the Limits of such City, Town, Parish, or Place, and the said

respective

319

A As and this Act.

Hackney Coaches exempted from the Duties in Schedule (C. No. 2.)

Duties payable Quarterly in

FngUir.c, and in

Scotland.

Cornmrfform shall iJTi.e Warrants lor duly coUeAing the Duties.

Commissioners Clerks, Surveyor*, ice. lor executing the Acts relating to the Puii< s on Houfts, &c. ftn 1! execute this Act.

Duties shall he a flefled as lormer Duties, or as directed by any A A of this Session, for gtanting additional Duties onHouses, ice. ^tecap.

34-)

Assessors within ce-tnin TViods shall cause general Noth es to be affixed on the Church Doors, iy i\ requiring Lids to be deli-veied, which shall be deemed lutficieiu Notice

Penalty of defacing Notice* aol. to 5l.

Assessors IhaTl also leave* at every Dwelling House of Persons liable to the Duties, Notices for Lifts to be produced.

Person* having kept Male Servants, Carriage*, Horset, or Dogs, in the Course of the Year ending April 5, iSoi, shall, without Notice, make out and deliver to the Assessors LiA* thereof.

C. 37-

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

and (halt be af-

icfTed for the greatest Number of Servants, &c. kept within the Year.

And all Persons liable to the Duties shall annually deliver such Lift*.

In Cases of Omissions Aflef-<ors roey fur-charge in Double the Duty.

respective Assessors (h^ll cause the said Notices, from Time to Time, to ba replaced (if necessary) for the Space of twenty-one Days before the Time required for the Delivery of such Lifts or Declarations as aforesaid j and every Person wilfully tearing, defacing, or obliterating any such Notice so affixed, shall forfeit, for ever)' such Offence, a Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than five Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered under any Law relating to the Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That bdidcs such general Notices as aforesaid, the said respective Assessors shall, within twenty-one Days after the passing of this Act, for the respective Periods aforesaid, in which the First A(TeAment under this Act is directed to be made, and for every subsequent Year after the said Periods, within twenty-one Days after the fifth Day of April in England^ and the twenty-fourth Day of May in Scotland, in every such Year, give or leave at every such Dwelling House where any Person liable, or supposed to be liable, to the Duties hereby imposed, or either of them, shall reside within the Limits of the Places for which such AflclTors aft, one Notice to and for the Occupier thereof; and where such Dwelling House shall be let indifferent Apartments, and occupied distinctly by different Persons or Families, a like Notice to and for the Occupier of each distinct Stoij or Apartment, provided any Person liable, or supposed to be liable as aforesaid, shall reside there, and also a like Notice to and for every Person so liable, then refidirg in such Dwelling House as a Lodger or Inmate, within the Knowledge of such Assessor or Assessors, requiring such Persons respectively to prepare and produce within twenty-one Days next ensuing the Day of giving such Notice, a List or Declaration in Writing, in the Form herein after required.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall have retained or employed any Male Servant or Servants, or kept any Carriage, Horse, Mule, or Dog, in the Course of the Year ending on the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two, shall within thirty Days after the passing of this Act, without any previous Notice for that Purpose, cause to be prepared true and particular Lilts in Writing, signed by such Person, or on his or her Behalf, and shall contain the Parish or Place, and the Parishes or Places where such Period shall reside; and one of such Lifts shall also contain the greatest Number of Male Servants retained or employed by such Persons at any Time in the Course of the Year, ending on the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two, in any of the Capacities mentioned in an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and charged with any Duty by the said Act, or in any other Capacity mentioned in this Act, or in the Schedules hereunto annexed, and the Names of such Servants and the ftverai Capacities in which they shall serve; and whenever the Person required to return such Lift shall be liable to the Duty on Servants kept by any Male Person, never having been married, he shall be required to denote the fame, by adding to the signature of his Name, in his own Hand Writing, the Letter B.; another of the said Lifts shall contain the greatest Number of Carriages mentioned or described in another Act, passed in the said twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, kept by such Person at any one Time within the like Period, and charged with any Duty by the said Act last mentioned, describing therein, by its usual Name and Description the particular Kind and Denomination of such Carriage, and distinguishing the Number of such Carriages with four Wheels from the

Number of such Carriages with less than four Wheels, and also distinguishing the Number of Horses by which such Carriages with left than four Wheels shall have been drawn at any Time during the above mentioned Period, and also the Number of such Carriages liable as Taxed Carts; another of the said Lifts shall contain the greatest Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, kept and used for the Purposes of Riding or drawing any Carriage chargeable with Duty by this Act at any one Time within the like Period; another of such Lifts shall contain the greatest Number of all other Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and Mules, kept by such Person at any one Time, distinguishing therein such Horses, Mares, Geldings, and Mules, as are exempted from the said Rates and Duties within the like Period; and another Lift shall contain the greatest Number of Dogs kept by such Person within the like Period, distinguishing therein any Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier, from any other Dog where one Dog only shall be kept by such Person; and every such Person shall eause such Lifts to dc delivered to the Assessor or Assessors of the said Rates and Duties for the District, Parish, or Place where such Person shall reside, and which Lifts so delivered shall be in lieu of any other Lifts required to be delivered in pursuance of the Directions contained in any former Act j and every such Person shall be liable to be assessed and charred for the Year in which such Lift shall or ought to be delivered according to the greatest Number of such Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mares, or Geldings, Mules, and Dogs retained, employed, kept, or used as aforesaid, by such Person within the Period for which such Lift ought to be delivered.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Person liable to the said Rates and Duties shall yearly, that is to say, between the fifth Day of April and the thirtieth Day of May in every subsequent Year, and he and (he is hereby required, without any previous Notice for that Purpose, to cause to be prepared and to be delivered to the respective Assessors before mentioned, a true and particular Lift of the greatest Number of such Servants retained or employed, and of Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dcgs, kept by such Person at any one Time in the Course of the preceding Year, ending on the said fifth Day of April; which Lifts shall be prepared in the Forms before prescribed, and according to the Directions of this Act in respect thereof, and shall renew the same in the same Manner in every Year, so long as such Persons shall be liable to the said Rates and Duties, or any of them; and every Person shall be chargeable for the greatest Number of Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mares, or Geldings, Mules, and Dogs, retained, employed, kept, or used by him or her at any one Time within such preceding Year.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if the AffcfTors, Surveyors, or Inspectors, or any of them, shall, upon Examination of any List or Lists, or Assessment or Assessments, or otherwise find, that any Person liable to the said Rates and Duties in the Schedules to this Act mentioned, or any of them, hath not made a Return or delivered a List, as by this Act is required, or hath omitted any Servant, Carriage, Horse, Mule, or Dog, which ought to have been so returned, then such respective Assessors, Surveyors, and Inspectors, are hereby required

3*i

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 37.

quired to make a Surcharge in Double the Duty at which such Person or Persons ought to be charged in re(]pe& of the Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs not returned as jfforefcid, and every Person shall be charged in such Double Duty for evenr Servant, Carriage, Horse, Mule, or Dog not justly returned as aforesaid; and the Assessor, Surveyor, -or Inspector, so making such Surcharge, shall be, and is hereby entitled to, and shall have and receive for his own Use from the respective Receivers General, one Moiety of the Sum charged by every Surcharge which shall be justly made as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who, from and after the fifth Day of April One thoti* sand eight hundred and two, shall begin to retain or employ any such Male Servant, or keep or use any such Carriage, Horse, Mule, or Dog, (such Servant, Carriage, Horse, Mule, or Dog, not being in the Place or Stead of any former one liable to the like Duty A or who shall cease to retain or employ any Male Servant, or to keet> or use any Carriage, Horse, Mule, or Dog, liable to the Duty, without retaining or employing any other Male Servant, or keeping or using any other Carriage, Horse, Mule, or Dog liable to the like Duty, in the Place or Stead of such Servant, Carriage, Horse, Mine, or Dog, shall, within twenty Days after he or she shall so begin or cease to retain or employ such Servant, or to keep or use such Carriage, Horse, Mule, or Dog, cause Notice thereof to be given to the Assessor or Assessors for the District, Parish, or Place where he or she ftuul reside, and of the Number of such Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Doge, and the Increase or Decrease made thereby, describing in such Notice every such Servant by his proper Name, and the several Capacities in which such Servants respectively shall be or shall have been retained or employed, and also describing every such Carriage by its usual Name and Description, distinguishing the Number of Wheels belonging to each such Carriage, and the Number of Horses used in drawing any such Carriage with less than four Wheels, and also distinguishing each such Carriage liable as a Taxed Cart; and also defenbing every such Horse, Marc, or Gelding, distinguishing the Horses mentioned or described in the said Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, from the Horses and Mules mentioned or described in the said Act passed in the thhrty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and also describing every Dog kept by such Person, dtf. tinguishing the Kind of Dog where one Dog only shall be kept by such Person as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person liable to the said Rates and Duties, or any of them* shall neglect to deliver a List according to the Directions of this Act, or shall omit any Person, or any Description, Matter, or Thing which ought to be contained therein according to this Act, he or she so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds over and above any Rate or Duty chargeable as aforesaid, to be recovered as by this Act is directed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall have divers Places of Residence, or shall keep any Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mares, Gildings, Mules, or Dogs, at divers Places, shall be obliged to deliver such Lift at each of such Places, and to insert in every such Lift the whole Number of Servants retained r employed by such Person, and the whole Number of Carriages, Horses, Mares or Geldings, Mules, and Dogs, kept by such Person within Great Britain; and shall also in every such Lift specify the particular Number of each Description respectively intended to be paid for within the Limits of the District, Parish, or Place where such Lift mail be delivered; and shall also at the same Time make his or her Declaration, to be inserted in such Lift, and signed by him or her, specifying the particular Counties or County, and Parishes of Parish wherein each such Place of his or her Residence is situate, and also the particular Counties or County, and Parishes or Parish wherein any of his or her Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mares or Geldings, Mules of Dogs, are kept, and the respective Numbers of each Description kept in such Parishes or Places respectively, and where the fame, or any of them, are intended to be paid for, i£ the fame, or any of them, are intended to be paid for at any other ot those Parishes or Places respectively than the Parish or Place where such Lift shall be delivered or given as aforesaid, on Pain that every Person offending in any of the Particulars before mentioned shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds over and abovg the Rate or Duty chargeable as aforesaid, to be recovered as by this Act is directed.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Penalty by this Act imposed for not delivering the Lifts or Declarations hereby required to be delivered, or omitting to insert therein, any Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, or Dogs, which ought to have been inserted therein, shall not be sued or prosecuted for in any Case where the Person or Persons against whom the Suit or Prosecution shall be brought before the Commencement thereof shall have been surcharged and assessed in Double the Duty payable for the Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, or Dogs respectively retained or kept by him or her, and of which no Lift shall have been aeli-.vered, or which shall have been omitted in such Lifts or Declarations as aforesaid.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Person claiming to be within any of the Exemptions allowed by this Act, shall make a due Return thereof, and the Cause or Causes of such Exemption, and if any Dispute shall arise whether the Person be entitled to such Exemption, the Proof thereof shall lie on the Person* claiming such Exemption, who on any Suit or Prosecution, or on any Surcharge, shall be permitted to alledge the same on Oath or Affirmation, or to prove the same by lawful Evidence to be produced and shewn by him; provided that no Exemption be allowed, unless the fame, and the Cause thereof, shall have been duly returned* to the Assessor or Assessors as aforesaid,

XXI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two, if any Person rated and assessed to any of the said Rates and Dutes charged by this Act, or the said former Acts, shall remove out of the Limits of the Collectors of the said Rates and Duties, without first paying or discharging, or causing to be paid or discharged, all the Rates and Duties chatted upon him or her, and which shall then be due ani payable, or without leaving in such Parish or Place fumcient Goods and Chattels whereon the said Rates and Duties in Arrear may be raised and levied, every such Person shall, for every fork Offence, forfeit and pay, over and above the said Rates and Duties so left unpaid as aforesaid, the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered as by this Act it directed,

42 Geo. III. Tt XXII. And

Persons beginning after April 5, 1802, to keep any Male Servant, Jcc. or ceasing to keep any, shall, witfin 20 Days, give Notice to the AffeiTor.

Penalty for not delivering Lifts, or for Omitficmi therein.

Persons having divert Places of Residence shaft deliver Lifts at each, and specify the Number intended to be paid for in the Dif-tw& where deh-vered, or» Penalty of 50L

Penalty for not delivering in Lifts, See. (hril not be sued for where the Parties have been fur-charged.

Persons claiming Exemptions shall make a Return thereof, and the Proof shall lie on the Claimant.

Penalty on removing without paying the Duties, or leaving fuflRcient Assets, 20l.

322

Householders shall enter in a Book an Account of Servants, &c. kept by Lodgers, and Lively Stable Keepers of Horses or Carriages (landing at Livery, and deliver Lifts thereof, on Penally ol 50l.

Recovery and Distribution of Penalties.

'Consolidated Duties shall be carried to the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

y 38 G. 3.0.41. §21. Duties thereby granted s^rere to be entered in thp Auditor's Office in the Exchequer Separately, in certain Proportions.

G. 3.(U.jr.)

C. 37. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Inhabitant Householder of any House in which there shall be any Lodger or Inmate redding therein# keeping any Servant, or any Carriage, Horse, Mule, or Dog liable to any of the said Duties, shall from Time to Time enter in a Book, an Account of every Servant, and of every Carriage, Horse, Mule, or Dog belonging to such Lodger or Inmate j and every Livery Stable Keeper or other Peiion receiving any Horses or Carnages to (land at Livery, or delivered to him or her to be kept, and every Person keeping any Carriage or Carriages, or any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Horses, Mares, or Geldings to let out to Hire by way of Job, or letting out the same to hire by way of Job, shall also from Time to Time enter in a Book, an Account of every Horse or Carriage (landing at Livery, or kept by him or her as aforesaid; and every Person hereby required to enter and keep such Account, shall within twenty Days after the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and two, and within twenty Days after the fifth Day of January, and the fifth Day of /Ipril, the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of 08ober in every ftibsequent Year, deliver a List in Writing of every such Lodger or Inmate refilling in the House of every such Householder, and of every Proprietor of any Carriage, Horse, or Mule (landing at Livery, or delivered to such Stable Keeper or other Person to be kept as aforesaid, or kept by such Ptifon to be let out to Hire, or being let out to Hire as aforesaid; and every such Lift to be delivered by such Householder, shall, to the best of his or her Knowledge or Belief, express the Christian and Surname of every such Lodger or Inmate, and also of every such Servant; and every such Lift to be delivered by such Stable Keeper or other Person aforesaid shall, to the best of his or her Knowledge or Belief, express the Chriilian and Surname of the Proprietor of every such Carriage, Horse, or Mule, and every such Lift shall also contain the greatest Number of Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs which any such Lodger or Inmate, or any such Proprietor, shall have retained or kept in the Dwelling House or Premises of such Householder, Stable Keeper or other Person, or which shall be kept to let out to Hire, or be let out to Hire by Way of Job, by such Stable Keeper or other Person, to the best of his or her Knowledge or Belief; and if any Inhabitant, Householder* or any Stable Keeper or other Person aforesaid, shall neglect to keep such Account, or to deliver such last mentioned Lift, or shall wilfully omit any Description which ought to be contained therein, he or she so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds to be recovered as by this Act is directed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties by this Act imposed shall be recovered and distributed in such Manner as the Penalties imposed by any Act of the present Session of Parliament for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on Houses, Window's, or Lights, arc directed to be recovered and distributed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the said Rates and Duties by this Act granted shall from Time to Time, together with the Monies arising by the Rates and Duties granted by the Acts herein-before mentioned and hereby consolidated, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

XXV. And whereas, by the said first mentioned Act it wtis provided, that for the Purpose of making a permanent Addition to the publick Revenue, and of defraying any increased Charge occasioned by certain Loans made and Stock created by Authority of Parliament, there should be, during the Remainder of certain Periods of ten Years, to be computed as in the said Act is mentioned, separately entered in the Books provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer for the Purpose* aforesaid, at the End of every Quarter of a Year, the Proportions therein-aftermentioned of the said Duties by the said Act granted, for the Purpose of supplying the several Accounts of the said Rates and Duties thereby directed to be kept; that is to say, for the general Account existing prior to the fifth Day of dprtl /One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, out of the Duties thereby granted on Male Servants, one fourth

(Part of the Sum of ninety-three thousand Pounds; out of the Duties thereby granted on Carriages, one fourth Part of the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds; and out of the Duties thereby granted on Horses used for the Purpose of Riding or for the Purpose of drawing certain Carriages, one fourth Part of the Sum of one hundred and six thousand Pounds; and that after reserving such fourth Part of the said several Sums of Money arising from the said respective Duties, the Remainder thereof, and also all other Monies arising from the Duties thereby granted, should at the End of each such Quarter be entered in the separate Accounts directed to be kept at the Office of the said Auditor in the Proportions thereinafter prescribed 5 that is to say, in the separate Account directed to be kept by the several Acts passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Sum of nine thousand three hundred and thirty Pounds out of the said Duties on Male Servants; the further Sum of twenty thousand Pounds out of the said Duties on Carriages; and the further Sum of ten thousand six hundred Pounds out of the said Duties on Horses used for the Purposes aforesaid, ' on Account of certain Duties on such Male Servants, Carriages, and Horses, granted by certain Acts passed in the said thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and in the separate Account directed to be kept by several Acts passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Sum of nine thousand three hundred and thirty Pounds out of the said Duties on Male Servants* and the further Sum of twenty thousand Pounds out of the said Duties on Carriages, on Account of certain Duties granted on such Servants and Carriages by certain Acts passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; the further Sum of one hundred and six thousand Pounds out of the said Duties on Horses used for the Purposes aforesaid; the further Sum of ninety-five thousand Pounds out of the said Duties on other Horses and Mules; and the further Sum of seventy thousand Pounds out of the said Duties on Dogs; and in the separate Account directed to be kept as aforesaid by several Acts passed in the thirty -seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Remainder of the Rates and Duties by the said Act granted, as the same should respectively arise at the End of each such Quarter: And whereas, by an Act passed in the forty-fu# Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, certain additional Rates and Duties were

granted

granted on Horses used for the Purposes therein mentioned, and certain other additional Rates and Duties on all other Horses and on Mules: And whereas, by the said last mentioned Acts, the Monies arising respectively ' from the Duties thereby imposed, were declared to be respectively an Addition made to the Revenue for the*Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loans raised or Stock created by virtue of any Acts passed in the same respective Years, and that separate Accounts thereof (hoi}ld be kept at the said Receipt be it further enacted, That after referring at the said Receipt the several Sums lo specified, in the Manner directed by the said first mentioned Act, there shall, during the Remainder of the Period of ten Years, to be computed from the Time of granting the said Duties by the said first mentioned Act, out of the Monies arising by the Duties collected by virtue of and under this Act, be entered in the Account directed to be kept by certan^Acts passed in the thirty-i^venth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, at the End of every such Quarter as aforesaid, the Sum of seventy-six thousand two hundred and seventy-five rounds, being one foiuth Part of the annual average Amount of the said Remainder of the Rates and Duties granted by the said first mentioned Act for three Years, ending on the fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and two; and in the separate Account directed to be kept by certain Acts passed in the forty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, at the End of every such Quarter as aforesaid, the Sum of seventy-two thousand five hundred Pounds, being one fourth Part of the estimated Produce of the said lad mentioned additional Rates and Duties for one Year, ending the fifth Day of Abril One thousand eight hundred and two; and after referring the said several Sums, the Remainder of the Monies collected and paid under and by virtue of this Act, shall, For the Period of ten Years from the Time of paflwg this Act, be entered in a separate Account, to be kept at the said Receipt, and shall be deemed a permanent Increase to the publick Revenue of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying any increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be made or Stock to be created by Authority of any Act of Parliament pafl*ed or to be passed id this Session of Parliament, or for supplying any Deficiency in the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, by Occasion of any Act passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament, for repealing the Duties on Income, and charging the Annuities now charged on the same Duties so repealed on the said Consolidated Fund.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

Appropriation of Duties after reserving the said Sum*.

Act may be altered or repcalei this Sessioti.

SCHEDULE (A.)

A SCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable for every Male Servant retained or employed by any Person or Persons, in the several Capacities mentioned in an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign.

Number of Servants. Dulles payable by'Additional Duties8 G. 3. c. 41. for payable by this Act each Servant. for each Servant. Total to be charged in one Sum for each Servant.

For 1 such Servant £ I s. d. 10 — £ ' — IO — £ 2 x. d.

2 - 2 2 — — 8 — 2 10 —

3 — — — 2 14 — — 6 — 3 -

4 — — — 2 H — — 16 — 3 IO -

5 — — — 3 6 — — 14 — 4 -

6 — — — 3 6 — — 18 — 4 4 —

7 — — — 3 6 — 1 — — 4 6 —

8 — — — 3' 12 — 1 — — 4 12 —

9 — — — 3 18 — 1 2 — 5 -

10 — — — 4 4 — 1 6 — 5 10 —

11 and upwards — 4 16 — 1 10 — 6 6 —

For every such Servant retained or employed by any Male Person never having been married, over and above the before-mentioned Duties, the further Sum of — — 1 10 — — 1 10 —

*5 G, 3. c. 41.

§2.

The said Rates and Duties to be paid by the Master or Mistress of such Servants, and not to extend to any Male Servant retained or employed fokly for the Purposes of Husbandry or Manufacture, or of any Trade or Calling by which the Master or Mistress of such Servant earns a Livelihood or Profit, other than Waiters ia Taverns, Coffee Houses, Inns, Ale Houses, or any other Houses licensed to fell Wines, Ale, or other Liquors by Retail, (except occasional Waiters).

Tt a SCHEDULE

3*4

C. 37-

42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

SCHEDULE (B. N° 1.)

A SCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable for every Carriage of the several Descriptions herein after

mentioned, kept by any Person or Persons.

Kumber of Carriages.

For 1 such Carriage with four Wheels For 2 such Carriages with fopr Wheels

3 —

4 —

i

9 or upwards -

The said Rates and Duties to be charged for every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise with four Wheels, or Carava* with four Wheels, or any Number thereof, by whatever Name or Names the same may be called or known, kept by ainr Person or Persons for his or their own Use, or to let out to Hire, except as herein after mentioned.

For every fuph Carriage with four Wheels let to Hire for the Purpose of travelling Post for a Day or any less Period of Time, or by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, by any Post-master, Innkeeper, or other Person duly licensed to let Post Horses by the Commissioners for managing the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, and whereon the Name or Names and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons so licensed, shall be marked or painted according to the Directions of the Act in that Case made and provided, and for every Coach or Diligence with four Wheels or more, which shall be kept and employed as a publick Stage Coach for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places within this Kingdom, and which shall be duly entered as such with the said last mentioned Commissioners

Duties payable by 38 G. 3. c. 41. Additional Duties payable by this Act for each Carriage.

£. t. d. £ d*

9 12 — - — 8 —

IO 4 -T- — 16 —

11 4 — — 16 —

11 8 — I 2

11 11 — I9 —

11 12' — I l8 —

11 13 6 2 6 6

11 14 — 2 l6 —

11 14 — 3 6 -

1 00 00

Total to be charged in one Sum for each Carriage.

£.

10 —

12 -

12 10 —

13 — "

13 IO -r

14 — — 14 IO —

8 8 —

SCHEDULE (B, N° 2.)

A SCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable for every Carriage of the several Descriptions herein after

mentioned, kept by any Person or Persons.

Numlxjr of Carriages. duties payable by 38 G. 3. c. 41. Additional Duties otal lo be changed payable by this Act in one Sum for for each Carriage, each Carriage.

For every such Carriage with less than four Wheels, and drawn by one Horse, Mare, or Gelding, and no more — Ana for every such Carriage drawn by two or more Horses, Mares, or Geldings — — 4. + > 1 1*£. d. i i — 3 3 — £ d* 5 5 — 7 7 —

The fiud Rales and Duties to be charged on every Calash, ChaKe, or Chair, with less than four Wheels, or S>y whatever other Name or Names such Carriage may be called or known, kept by any Person or Persons for his, her, or their own Use, or to let out to Hire, to be paid by the Person or Persons keeping or using Rich Carriage*

SCHEDULE

C*

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 37-

schedule (C. N* I.)

A SCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable for all Horses, Mares, and Geldings, kept and used by any Person or Persons for the Purpose of Riding, or for the of drawing any Carriage chargeable

Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings. Duties payable by8 G. 3. C. 4T. and 41 G. 3. c. 9. for L-ach Horse, Mare, jf Gelding. Additioanl Duties payable by this A A lor each Horse, Mare, or Gelding. Total to be charged in one Sum for each Horfr, Mare, jr Gelding.

For 1 such Horse, Mare, or Gelding ' £ 1 / d. 14 — £ /. 6 d. £ 2 x. d»

2 such Horses, Mares, or Geldings — — 2 16 — — 10 — 3 6 —

3 — — 3 2 — — 10 — 3 12 —

4 — — 3 5 - — 10 — 3 15 —

- 3 6 — — 10 — 3 16 —

6 — — 3 10 — — 10 — 4 -

7 — 3 11 — — . 10 — 4 1 —

8 — — — 3 11 — — 10 — 4 1 —

9 — — 3 11 6 — 10 — 4 1 6

10 — 3 12 — — 10 — 4 2 —

it — 3 12 — — 10 — 4 2 —

12 — — 3 12 — — 10 — 4 2 —

*3 — — — 3 12 6 — 10 — 4 2 6

*4 - 3 12 6 — 10 — 4 2 6

>5 — - — 3 12 6 — 10 — 4 2 6 '

16 - 3 12 6 — 10 — 4 2 6

17 — — — 33 — — 10 — 4 3 —

18 — — — 3 13 6 — 10 — 4 3

>9 — — — 3 14 — — 10 — 4 4. —

20 and upwards — The said Rates and Duties to be paid by the Person or Persons 3 }5 — > keeping and i — 10 — using the said ] 4 5 — Eiorfes, Mares,

or Geldings.

SCHEDULE (C. N° 2.)

A SCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable for Horses, Mares, and Geldings, not charged with any

Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, or Mules. Duties payable by; 8 G. 3. c. 41. ami 41 G. 3. c. 9. for eaCh Horse, Mare, 01 Gelding or Mule. Additional Duties payable by this Act for each Horse, Mare, 01 Gelding, 11 Mule. Total to be charged in one Sum for each Horse, Mare,r Gelding, or Mule.

Tor each Horse, Mare, or Gelding kept by any Person, and not charged with any Duty according to Schedule C. N° I. as aforesaid, and for each Mule — — £ ' — 10 — £ d. — 2 6 £. t. d. 12 6

The feud Rates and Duties to be paid by the Person or Persons keeping or u£ng such Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules.

SCHEDULE (D.)

A SCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable for every Dog of the several Descriptions herein-aftev mentioned, kept by or for the Use of any rerson or Persons,

Number of Dogs.

Duties payable by8 G. 3. c. 41. so each Dog.

Tor every Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel,

Lurcher, or Terrier, and for every Dog of whatever Description or Denomination the same may be, where any Person shall keep two or more Dogs — — — 6 —

For any Dog (not being a Greyhound, Hound, Setting Dog,

Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier), kept by or for the Use of any Person inhabiting a Dwelling House afiefled to any of the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, or on inhabited Houses, where one such Dog and no more shall be kept by or for the Use of such Person — — — 4. —

The said Rates and Duties to be paid by the Pci Tons respectively keeping fuel w.fame shall be kept, and to be subject to the Regulations contained in an Act passed in the thirty-iixt^ Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, authorizing a Composition to be made in respect to Hounds kept by any Person, on Payment yearly of the Sum of thirty Pounds, in it cad of the Sum therein mentioned*

d.

Additional Duties payable by this Act or each Dog.

Focal to be charged in one Sum for each Dog.

d.

- 4 —

- 2 —

- 10 —

- 6 —

1 Dogs, or for whole Use the

3*5

326 C. 33.

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

From May I,

1801, the following additional Duties shall be paid:

On Strong Beer:

Table Beer:

Scotch Twopenny.

Irish Beer or Ale imported prior to May I, 1803.:

Beer, Ale, or Mum imported (not being Itiih)

Malt made in Great Britain:

Malt in Possession of any Maltster, on May 1, Jboi:

Hops in Great Britain

Hops imported from Ireland.

Spirits made in and im{>oi ted from Ireland.

From May 1, r 802, the prefers Duties on Beer or Ale of

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act: for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on Beer and Ale brewed in or imported Into Great Britain; on Malt made in Great Britain; on Hops grown in or imported into Great Britaini and on Spirits distilled in Ireland and imported into Great Britain; for repealing certain Allowances to Brewers of Beer and Ale j and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Revenue of Excise, on Beer, Ale, and Malt.

[30th April 1802.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences, and making a permanent Addition to the publick Revenue of Great Britain, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties of Excise herein respectively mentioned 3 and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of May, One thousand eight hundred and two, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several and respective Rates and Duties of Excise herein after mentioned, over and above and in Addition to all other Rates and Duties whatever, other than such as are by this Act repealed; that is to say,

For every Barrel of Beer or Ale above sixteen Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise payable thereon, and by this Act denominated Strong Beer (and not being Two-penny Ale mentioned and described in the seventh Article of the Treaty of Union with Scotland), which shall be brewed in Great Britain by any Common Brewfer, or other Person or Persons wha shall fell or tap out any Beer or Ale publickly or privately, to be paid by such Common Brewer or other Person or Persons respectively, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity, two Shillings:

For every Barrel of Beer or Ale of sixteen Shillings the Barrel or under, exclusive of the Duty of Excise payable thereon, and by this Act denominated Table Beer, which shall be brewed in Great Britain by any Common Brewer, or other Person or Persons who shall fell or tap out any Beer or Ale publickly or privately, to be paid by such Common Brewer or other Person or Persons respectively, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity, two Shillings

For every Barrel of Two-penny Ale mentioned and described in the seventh Article of the Treaty of Union with Scotland, to be paid by the Common Brewer or Victualler, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity, Ten-pence:

ror every Barrel consisting of thirty-six Gallons English Beer Measure of Irish Beer or Ale, which shall be imported into Great Britain from Ireland, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Importer thereof before the landing thereof, five Shillings and Five-pence previous to the first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three, and five Shillings and Eleven-pence from that Period:

For every Barrel of Beer, Ale, or Mum, which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain (not being Irish Beer, Ale, or Mum imported directly from Ireland), and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Importer thereof before the landing thereof, twelve Shillings and Elevenpence

For every Bushel of Malt which shall be made of Barley or any other Corn or Grain in Great Britain, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Maker thereof, one Shilling and one Farthing:

For every Bushel of Malt, whether ground or unground, made of Barley or of any other Corn or Grain, belonging to any Maltster or Maker of Malt, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Brewer, Distiller, Innkeeper, Victualler, or Vinegar Maker, which shall be either in his Custody or Possdfion, or in the Custody or Possession «rf any other Person or Persons whatever, in Trull for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their Use, Benefit, or Account, in Great Britain, on the first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, the Sum of one Shilling and one Farthing, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Person or Persons respectively possessed of such Malt:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hops, growing or to grow in Great Britain, "which shall be cured and made fit for Use, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the respective Owners or Possessors thereof, one Penny and one Farthing and eight twentieth Parts of a. Farthing

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hops which shall be imported from Ireland into Great Britain, and £0 in proportion for any greater or leis Quantity, to be paid by the Importer thereof before the landing thereof, one Penny and one Farthing and eight twentieth Parts of a Farthing

For every Gallon English Wine Measure of Spirits, Aqua Vita, or Strong Waters, which shall be distilled or made in Ireland and imported into Great Britain at a Strength not exceeding one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in proportion for any greater or higher Degree of Strength, and of sweetened or compounded Spirits to be computed upon such sweetened or compounded Spirits at the highest Degree of Strength at which any Spirits can be made, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Importer .thereof before the landing thereof, Two-pence three Farthings.

II. AndT)e it further enabled, That, from and after the said first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, the several and respective Rates and Duties payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, for or in respect of all Beer or Ale of the Price of thirteen Shillings the Barrel

3 or

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 38.

or under, exclusive of the Duty payable thereout (not being Two-penny Ale mentioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of Union w'rh Scotland), shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except as to all Arrears of the said Duties, which, on the said first Day of May One thou* land eight hundred and two, shall be and remain unpaid y any Thing in this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Allowances, granted by an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the federal Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties together with the other Duties compfing the pullich Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives to the, Reduction of the National Dent, to Common Brewers or other Persons who do or shall fell or tap out Beer or Ale publickly or privately, shall, from and after the first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except as to all Arrears thereof that may on the said first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two be and remain unpaid; any Thing in the said last mentioned Act or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That for and in respect of all strong Beer or Ale above Sixteen Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise payable thereon, and by this Act denominated Strong Beer, which shall be brewed or made within the Cities of London and Westminster, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, after the first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, and before the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, by any Common Brewer or other Person who shall brew and fell or tap out Beer or Ale publickly or privately, and for which the full Duty by this Act imposed on Strong Beer shall be duly charged, there shall be set off, and allowed out of such Duty to such Common Brewer or other Person respectively, upon whom such Duty as aforesaid shall be charged, the Sum of Sixpence for every Barrel; and for or in respect of all such Strong Beer as aforesaid, which shall be so brewed or made as aforesaid in any other Part of Great Britain (not being within the Cities of London or Westminster, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality), after the first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, and before the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, by any such Common Brewer or other Person as aforesaid, and for which the full Duty by this Act imposed shall be duly charged, there shall be set off and allowed to such Common Brewer or other Person respectively, upon whom such Duty as aforesaid shall be charged, the Sum of Eight-pence for every Barrel; any Thing in this Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, the several and respective Drawbacks and Allowances herein after mentioned shall be respectively allowed and paid for and in respect of all Strong Beer and Hops which shall be exported from Great Britain, under, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Restrictions, Clauses, Penalties, and Forfeitures contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Law or Laws in force in relation to the Exportation of Beer or Hops respectively; that is to say,

For every Barrel of Strong Beer (not being Two-penny Ale mentioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of Union with Scotland, ) which shall be entered for Exportation to foreign Parts, or to Ireland, after the first Day of October One thousand eight hundred and two, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity, the Sum of Five Shillings and Five-pence previous to the first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three, and Five Shillings and Eleven-pence from that Period:

For every Pound WeightTAvoirdupois of Hops growing or to grow in Great Britain, and which shall be cured or rendered fit for Use, and on which the Duties by this Act granted shall have been duly charged, and which shall be exported to Ireland, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity, the Sum of One Benny and One Farthing and Eight Twentieth Parts of a Farthing.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things, relating to Beer commonly called Table Beer, contained in an Act passed in the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties payable for Beer and Ale shove six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding eleven Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of such Duties, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for granting additional Duties on Coaches and other

Carriages there n mentioned, and also additional Duties on Sope made in Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said additional Duties on Coaches and on other Carriages, and for better securing the Duty upon Tea and other Duties of Excise; and also for appointing the Number of Commissioners of Excise who may hear Causes depending before them, relative to the Duties on Male Servants; and also so much of the said Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as contains an Exception mentioned and specified in the Schedule to the said last recited Act marked (F), in relation to Beer commonly called Table Beer, shall, from and after the said first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, be and the same are hereby repealed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Beer or Ale above the Price of Sixteen Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of all Duties now payable, or that may hereafter be payable for or in respect thereof, which shall be brewed or made after the said first Day of May, shall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be Strong Beer or Ale, and all Beer of the Price of Sixteen Shillings the Barrel or under, exclusive of the Duty payable for or in respect thereof, which shall be brewed after the first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, shall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be Table Beer within the meaning of this Act, and all other Acts of Parliament now in force, or that may hereafter be parted relating to Beer or Ale, or any Duties granted thereon, to all Intent! and Purposes whatever; and all and singular the Rules, Regulations, Prohibitions,

327

13 s, per Barrel or under, exclusive of Duty, (not being Scotch two-penny Ale) shall cease; as also the Allowances granted by 27 Geo. 3. 0, 13, toBrcwers;

and other Allowances shall be made till July 5, 1063, for Beer brewed in Great Britain,

Drawbacks on Exportation

For Strong Beer (not beingScotch Ale) entered for Exportation after 1 0<rt. 1802.

For Hops exported 10 Ireland.

Regulations of

22 Geo. 3. c. 68. 1 elating to Table Beer, and also so much of 27 Geo. 2. c. 13, fihed. F, as contains an Exception thereto, repealed*

What shall be deemed Strong and what Small Beer,

328 C. 38. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 180s.

Acts now in force, relating to Beer or Ale, Hull extend to this Act, as far as applicable-

Duties under the Management of Commissioners of Excise.

Cades of Tabic Beer shall be marked, and the Matk be continued till fold, on Penalty of 504 per Calk.

Tabic Beer shall be kept separate from other Beer, on Penalty of 50l. per Cade.

No Table Beer ihati be pul into a Vessel containing more than Three Barrels, oh Penalty of 100/; except to prest rve the Vessel in a State for receiving' Strong Beer.

Penalty of 200l. fur unduly mixing St. eng Beer or Strong Worts with Table Beer or Table Beer Worts, 6c c.

Penalty of iool. for felling Table Beer at more than 16s. per Barrel, exclusive of Duty.

How Brewers may be discharged of any alleged Overcharge made by the Excise Officer.

bitions, Restrictions, Provisions, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force, relating to any Beer or Ale, or to the mixing of Strong Beer, Ale, or Worts with Small Beer or Small Worts, or with Water, or to any other Matters or Things relating to Beer or Ale, shall be and remain in full force, and shall be deemed and taken to apply to, and shall be severally and respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution as to the mixing of Strong Beer or Strong Beer Worts with Table Beer, or Table Beer Worts, or with Water, and as to all other Matters and Things relating to Strong Beer and Table Beer, as far as the same are applicable and are not altered or repealed by this Act, as fully and amply in every respect as if the said Rules, Regulations, Prohibitions, Restrictions, Provisions, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things were severally and respectively re-enacted in this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such of the several and respective Duties by this Act granted, as shall arise or become payable in England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being, and that such thereof as shall arise or become payable in Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

IX. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as any Table Beer shall be cleansed or put into any Calk or Calks, the Common Brewer by whom such Table Beer was brewed or made, shall immediately mark each and every Calk, or cause the same to be marked with the capital Roman Letter T. of the Length of Four Inches at the lead, and if any Common Brewer shall negted or refuse so to mark any Calk of Table Beer, or to cause the same to be so marxed as aforesaid, or if any such Common Brewer shall not continue such Mark, or cause the same to remain and continue visible and distinct on each and every such Calk containing any such Table Beer, during the whole Time the same shall be and remain in his Custody or Possession, ana until the same shall be delivered into the Cudody or Possession of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall or may be sold or delivered for Consumption, or otherwise; every such Common Brewer so offending, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every such Calk on which such Mark shall not be put or made, and continued as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Common Brewer who shall brew or make any Table Beer, shall as soon as any such Table Beer shall be cleanted or put into any Calk or Ca*ks, cause the same to be removed into and kept separate and apart, and in a separate Storehouse, Room, Cellar, or other Place from all other Beer whatsoever; and if any Common Brewer shall neglect so to remove or to cause to be removed, every Calk of Table Beer into a separate Storehouse, Room, Cellar, or other Place as soon as such Tabic Beer shall be cleansed or put into any Calk or Calks as aforesaid, or if any such Common Brewer shall keep or suffer any such Table Beer so cleansed or put into any Calk or Calks as aforesaid, to be kept in any Storehouse, Room, Cellar, or other Place with any other Beer whatsoever, or in which any other Beer, not being Table Beer, shall be laid, put, kept, or storea, every such Common Brewer so offending, shall for each and every such Calk of Table Beer that shall not be so removed or kept as aforesaid, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Table Beer shall be put into or tunned, cleansed, kept, or stored in any Calk, Vat, or other Vessel, exceeding the Content or Size of a Butt or Pipe of Three Barrels, on Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent any Common Brewer, upon giving Twenty-four Hours Notice thereof in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise, from putting into any Tun, Vat, or other Vessel of a larger Size or Content than herein-before mentioned, a sufficient Quantity of Table Beer, not exceeding the Quantity of Two Barrels for every One hundred Barrels of the full Content of such Tun pr Vessel, to preserve such Vessel' in a proper State and Condition for receiving or doring Strong Beer; and provided also, that no Strong Beer shall be put, cleansed, or tunned into any such large Tun, Vat, or other Vessel, until all such Table Beer shall have been drawn, pumped, or taken out of the same, in the Presence of or to the Satisfaction of the proper Officer of Excise.

XII. And whereas the mixing Strong Beer or Strong Worts with Table Beer or Table Beer Worts, or

with Water, is very detrimental to his Majesty's Revenue, an Imposition upon the Consumer, and hinders the

Sale of genuine Strong Beer be it therefore enacted, That if any Common Brewer shall^mix, or cause or suffer to be mixed, any Strong Beer or Strong Worts with any Table Beer or Tabic Beer Worts, or with Water, in any Guile Tun, working Tun, or fermenting Tun, after such Declaration of the Quantity of such Guile of Beer, of which the same was a Part, shall have been made as is by Law required; or* if any Common Brewer shall at any Time mix, or cause or suffer to be mixed, any Strong Beer or Strong Worts with any Table Beer or Table Beer Worts, or with Water, in any Vat, Cask, Tub, Measure, or other Vessel or Utensil whatsoever, not being a known and entered Guile Tun, working Tun, or fermenting Tun, every Common Brewer so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Common Brewer shall fell, or cause or permit or suffer to be sold, any Beer brewed and made as or for Table Beer, and charged with Duty as Table Beer, at any greater or higher Price than Sixteen Shillings the Barrel (exclusive of the Duties), either as the Price of the Beer, or under Pretence of Carriage, Credit, or Interest of Money, or under any other Pretence whatsoever, such Common Brewer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That upon Complaint made or exhibited before the Commissioners of Excise, or Justices of the Peace respectively, by or on the Behalf of any Common Brewer, for or on Account or by Reason of any Overcharge made on such Common Brewer by any Officer or Officers of Excise, in 1 efped of any Table Beer which shall or may be charged and returned by any such Officer or Officers as Strong Beer, it shall not be lawful to or for the said Commissioners of Excise, or Justices of the Peace respectively, to discharge or acquit any such Brewer of any such Charge so made and returned, or of any Part thereof,

7 unless

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 38.

nnkfs Proof shall be made before such Commissioners of Excise, or Justices of the Peace respectrrely, on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to the Satisfaction of such Commissionen or Justices respectively, that the whole and entire Quantity of the Table Beer brewed or made in the Guile or brewing to which the Complaint of Overcharge has Reference or Relation, or at lead the greater Part of such Beer, wai actually and bond fde sold at a Pnce not exceeding sixteen Shillings the Barrel, excltdive of the Duty, nor unless the Names and Rdidences respectively of the several Person* to whom the said Beer, or such greater Part thereof, was really fold and delivered, and the respective Days when the same was delivered, be given and declared on the Oath of such Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid; any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Common Brewer mall have or keep any Pipe or other Conveyance from or out of any Copper in his, her, or their Brewhouse, lave and except the regular Discharge Pipes leading directly to his, her, or their Ma(h Tun, Hop-back, Back, or Coolers respectively, nor shall have or keep any fixed or other Pipe or Conveyance leading from any Under Back, Hop-back, Back, or Cooler, except such Pipe or Conveyance as, without any private or concealed Stop Cock therein or thereon, shall have a direct and immediate Communication with the known and entered Coppers, Backs, Coolers, or working or fermenting Tuns only, on Pain of forfeiting for every such fixed or other Pipe or Conveyance as aforesaid, except such Pipe or Conveyance as is in that Behalf before excepted, the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XVI. And whereas the Penalty of twenty Shillings the Barrel for laying off Beer, Ale, or Wort, before the Quantity of the Guile, of which such Beer, Ale, or Wort shall be Part, shall have been declared, is insufficient to deter evil-minded and fraudulent Persons from committing or attempting to commit such Fraud 5 be it therefore enacted, That every Common Brewer who shall, from and after the first Day of May one thousand eight hundred and two, lay off any Beer, Ale, or Worts, contrary to the Provisions and true Intent and meaning of an A&passed in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of William the Third, intituled, An Act for repealing a Clause in a former Act relating to Party Guiles, and for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses in "Brewers, and others chargeable with the Duties of Excise, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Stun of one hundred Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Dealers and Dealer in and Sellers and Seller of Table Beer, who shall fell, deliver, or dispose of any such Beer, exceeding the Quantity of one Gallon at one and the same Time, shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby directed and required to make Entry in Writing at the Office of Excise, within the Limits whereof he, she, or they shall so deal in or fell any such Beer as aforesaid, of all Storehouses, Rooms, Cellars, or other Places for storing, laying, keeping, or felling such Beer, and shall be subject to the Survey, Examination, and Inspection of the Officer of Excise, and to all and every the Rules, Regulations, Refiri&ions, and Provisions of Excise, to which Victuallers or Retailers of Beer or Ale are now subject and liable by any Law or Laws of Excise; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall presume to deal in or fell any Table Beer exceeding the Quantity of one Gallon as aforesaid without making such Entry as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons not being a Common Brewer shall be allowed to retail Beer at any greater or higher Price than at and after the Rate of One Penny Halfpenny the Quart, without first entering into a Recognizance and obtaining a Licence as a Common Alehouse Keeper; and u any Person or Persons shall presume to retailor fell any Beer at a greater or higher Price than at and after the Rate of One Penny Halfpenny the Quart Alehouse Measure, without first entering into such Recognizance and obtaining such Licence as aforesaid, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit andlofe the Sum of fifty Pounds over and above any Penalty to which such Person or Persons may be subject and liable for selling Beer or Ale without such Licence.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no entered Dealer or Dealers in Beer, being an Exporter or Exporters of Beer or Ale, shall have, lay, or keep any Table Beer in any Cellar, Vault, or other Place entered for laying or keeping Strong Beer; and if any entered Dealer or Dealers in Beer, being an Exporter or Exporters of Beer or Ale, shall have, lay, or keep any Table Beer in any Cellar, Vault, or other Place entered for laying or keeping Strong Beer, the Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of ftfty Pounds.

XX. And whereas many Persons under Pretence of recovering Stale Beer, or making or preparing Beer Finings or Colouring for Beer, or under other Pretences, have compounded, fabricated, or prepared from divers Materials and ingredients, noxious and unwholesome, and injurious to the Health of his Majesty's Sub-iecls. Liquor to imitate or resemble Beer or Ale, brewed entirely from Malt and Hops, or to be mixed with Beer or Ale so brewed, to the great Injury of his Majesty's Subjects, and of the fair Trader, and of his Majesty's Revenue; for Remedy whereof be it enacted, That, from and after the first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, no Person or Persons shall mix, compound, fabricate, manufacture, or prepare, or raufc, procure, permit, or suffer to be mixed, compounded, fabricated, manufactured, or prepared from Beer Grounds Stale Beer, Sugar Water, Distillers spent Wash, Sugar, Melasses, Vitriol, Quama, Coculus India*. Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, or any other Material or Ingredient whatever, (except Mak and Hops), any Liquor to imitate or resemble, or to be mixed with or used as Beer or Ale brewed or made from Malt and Hops; nor shall fell, dispose of, fend, or deliver, or cause to be sold, disposed of, sent, or delivered to any Brewer or Brewers of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer or Ale, or to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, any such Liquor so mixed, compounded, fabricated, ms. nufactured, or prepared as aforesaid, on Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of two hundred Pounds; and all such Liquor so mixed, compounded, fabricated, manufactured, or prepatad as aforesaid; and also all the Beer Grounds, Stale Beer, Sugar Water, Distillcrt spent Wash, Sugar, MehfTct, Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus Indix, Grains of Paradise, Gmnra Pepper, Opium* and every other Material or Ingredient

42 Gio. lt&" Uu*whatsoever

329

No Brewer shall keep any other Conveyance from any Copper, except tbs tegular discharge Pipes, See. on Penalty of 200l.

Brewers laying off any Beer or WortJ contrary to 8 Sc9W. j. c. 19. shall for. lek tool.

Persons felling Table Beer in hrger Quantity than a Gallon, shall make Entry' at the Excise Office of Store, house*. Sec. on Penalty of 50l.

No Person shak retail Beer at, higher Price than Three Halfpence per Quart without a Licence, on Penalty of 50L

No Exporter shall keep Table Beer in any entered Place for Strong Brer, om Penalty of 50l.

Penalty 00 Pdr-foni miring Liquor to imitate, or to be mixed with, or to be used a> Beer m*de tiom Malt r.nd Hops, or felling such Liquor, 200J. and Forfeiture vf ihc liquor, &c.

33°

Penally on Biewer receiving Stale Beer ci BeerG rounds, i>: ndxiuj with Beer any Lf-qti.iv made

any Mate-r'.tl -, except

Malt and Hop?,

ioc I.

Not to extend to Pttw'er receiving returned Beer Irotn hi' C.iftjmersy nor to any DeJcr, not be-hig a Brewer, for having in liis Gufipdy any Liquor not made kom Malt and Hops, if he proves that it was bought in open TYade, and that he had r»o Knosrfege of its Manufacture.

Btrife Officers may take Samples of Liquors they suspect to be mixed, on flaying for the same.

Excise Officers having Cause to suspect that any Persons rhix Liquor to imitate or to be mixed*iih or used as Beer, &c. may be authorized to search suspected Places, and fi-iae such Liquors and the Vtcufiki.

C. 38. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

whatsoever as aforesaid, (other than Malt and Hops), in the Custodjr or Possession of such Person or Persons* together with every Copper, Cooler, Back, Tun, Vat, or other Vessel or Utensil whatsoever in which any such Liqudr, Material, or Ingredient shall be contained, or which shall have been made Use of, or employed for or in the mixing, compounding, fabricating, manufacturing, preparing, or keeping any such Liquor; and all such Liquor, Materials, and Ingredients, together with every such Copper, Cooler, Back, Tun, Vat, or other Vessel or Utensil as aforesaid shall be forfeiteci, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Brewer or Brewers of or Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Seller* of Beer or Ale, shall receive or take into his, her, or their Custody or Possession any Stale Beer or Beer Ground?, or shall mix or mingle with any peer or Ale, any Liquor compounded, fabricated, or prepared from Beer Grounds, Stale Beer, Sugar Water, Dillillers spent Wash, Sugar, Melasses, Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Indiae, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, or any other Material or Ingredient (except Malt and Hops), or in the Fabrication, Manufacture, or Preparation whereof any Beer Grounds, Stale Beer, Sugar Water, Distillers spent Wash, Sugar, Melasses, Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Indiae, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium* or any Material or Ingredient (other than Malt and Hops), is or shall be mixed, employed, or made Use of, nor shall have, receive, or take into his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any Liquor compounded, fabricated, or' prepared as aforesaid, on Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXII. Provided always nevertheless, That no Brewer or Dealer in, or Seller of Beer or Ale, shall be subject or liable to the said Penalty of one hundred Pounds, for or by reason of his, her, or their receiving or taking into his, her, or their Custody or Possession any Stale Beer which shall have been returned to him, her, or them, for being disliked by any Person or Persons to whom he, she, or they had fold or delivered such Beer, or for or , by reason of his, her, or their receiving or taking into his, her, or their Custody or Possession any such Beer Grounds in the Bottom of any Calk returned to him, her, or them, by any Person or Persons to whom he, she, or they had sent the fame, filled with the Beer from whence such Grounds were produced: Provided also, that no Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of, Beer or Ale, not being a Brewer or Brewers of Beer or Ale* shall be subject or liable to the said Penalty of one hundred Pounds, for or by reason of his, her, or their having, receiving, or taking into his, her, or their Custody or Possession any Liquor, compounded, fabricated, or prepared from Beer Grounds, Stale Beer, Sugar Water, Dillillers spent Walh, Sugar, Melasses, Vitriol, or Ouaffia, Coculus Indite, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, or any other Materials or Ingredients other than Malt and Hops, or in the Fabrication, Manufacture, or Preparation whereof any Materials or Ingredients as aforesaid, other than Malt and Hops, has been mixed, employed, or made Use of, it at the Trial or Hearing for the Recovery of the said Penalty, such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Beer or Ale, shall prove to the Satisfaction of the Court and Jury before whom any such Trial shall be so had, or to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise or Justices of the Peace before whom any such Hearing shall be so had, that such Liquor was bought and received by such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Beer or Ale, in the fair, open, and usual Course of Trade, of and from some commonly reputed regular Brewer of Beer or Ale, and that such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Beer or Ale, had no Knowledge of such Liquor being compounded, fabricated, or prepared contrary to the Directions of this A^t in that Behalf aforesaid.

XXIII. And, to the End that the Officers of Excise may be able to tadc, examine, and ascertain, whether any Liquor which they shall or may suspect to be Liquor mixed, compounded, manufactured, of prepared from any such Materials or Ingredients as aforesaid, other than Malt and Hops, to imitate or resemble, or to be mixed with or used as Beer or Ale brewed or made from Malt and Hops be such Liquor as aforesaid, be it enacted, That every such Officer and Officers shall and may, and is and are hereby empowered, as often as to th&n or* any of them shall seem expedient, to take a Sample or Samples of any Liquor which he or they shall or may so suspect to be Liquor mixed, compounded, fabricated, manufactured, or prepared from any such Material* or Ingredients as aforesaid, (other than Malt and Hops, ) to imitate or resemble, or to be mixed with or used as Beef or Ale brewed or made from Malt and Hops, such Sample or Samples not exceeding three Gallons at any one Time, on paying at and after the Rate of eighteen-pence by the Gallon for the same if demanded.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall have Cause to suspeCfc that any Person or Persons does in any Place or Places whatsoever mix, compound, fabricate, manufacture, or prepare from any such Materials or ingredients as aforesaid, (other than Malt and Hops, ) any Liqtfor to imitate or resemble, or to be mixed with or uled as Beer or Ale brewed or made from Malt and Hops, or to be sold* disposed of, sent, or delivered to any Brewer or Brewers of, or Dealer or Dealers in Beer or Ale, or to auy other Person or Persons whatsoever, or that any such Liquor so mixed, compounded, fabricated, manufactured* or prepared as aforesaid has been fold, disposed of, sent, or delivered to any Brewer or Brewers of, or Dealer of Dealers in, SeHer or Sellers, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer or Ale, or to any othev Person or Persons whatsoever* and that the same is or shall be lodged or deposited in any Place or Places whatsoever; then and in every such Case, if such Place or Places shall be within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, or any two or more of them 5 or in Case such Place or Places shall be in any other Part of Great Britain, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before one or more justice or justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Shire, Division, or Place where such suspected Place or Places shall be situate, setting forth the Ground of his or their Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, or the Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, as the Case may require, before whom such Oath shall be made, if they or he shall judge it reasonable by Special Warrant or Warrants under his and their respective Hands arid Seals to authorize and empower such Officer or Officers by Day or by Night, but if in the Night, then in the Presence o( a Constable or 'other lawful Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every such Place or Places where he or they shall so suspect any Person or Persons to mix, compound, fabricate, manufacture, or prepare from Beer Grounds, Stale Beer, Sugar Water, Dillillers spent Wash, Sugar, Melasses, Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Indiae, Graii s ot

PanuHfe*

A.D. 1802» _ 42° GEORGII III. C. 38.

Parmdife, Gmsea Pepper, Opium, or any such Materials, Mixture, or Ingredients as aforesaid (other than Malt and Hops), any Liquor to imitate or resemble, or to be used as Beer or Ale brewed from Malt and Hops, or to be mixed with Beer or Ale, or to be sold, disposed of, sent, or delivered to any Brewer or Brewers of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer or Ale, or to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, or where such Officer or Officers shall suspect any such Liquor so mixed, compounded, fabricated, manufactured, or prepared as aforesaid, or fold, disposed of, sent, or delivered to any Brewer or Brewers of, Dealer or Dealers in, Seller or Sellers of, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer or Ale, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, is or shall be so lodged or deposited, and to feise and carry away as forfeited all such Liquor which he or they shall then and there find, and all and every other Material or Ingredient whatsoever as aforesaid, (other than Malt and Hops) and also all and every Copper, Cooler, Back, Tun, Vat, and other Vessel or Utensil whatsoever, which ^e or they shall then and there hnd, in which any such Liquor, Material, or Ingredient shall be contained, or which shall have been made Use of, or employed for, or in the mixing, compounding, fabricating, manufacturing, preparing, or keeping any such Liquor; and the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Poflcssion the same respectively shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Question shall arise whether any Liquor which shall be seized as and for Liquor mixed, compounded, fabricated, ruanafadured, or prepared from any other Material or Ingredient as aforesaid, (other than Malt and Hops, ) be Liquor so mixed, compounded, fabricated, manufactured, or prepared, the Proof of such Liquor not being Liquor mixed, compounded, fabricated, manufactured, or prepared from other Materials or Ingredients than Malt and Hops, shall lie upon the Owner or Claimcr thereof.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Maltsters or Makers of Malt, Sellers or Retailers of Malt, Brewers, Distillers, Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Vinegar Makers, and all and every other Persons and Person whatsoever, who, in Trust for them, or any or either of them, or for the Use, Benefit, or Account of them, or any or either of them, shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, or in his, her, or their Houses, Outhouses, Barns, Granaries, or in any other Place or Places whatsoever, upon the first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, any Parcel or Quantity of Malt whatsoever, shall on that Day, or within ten Days next erfuing, give a true and particular Account thereof in Writing at the Office of Excise within the Limits of which he, she, or they shall then respectively inhabit, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of one hundred Pounds for every Neglect therein; and the Malt of which no such Account as aforesaid shall have been given, may and shall be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the several and respective Duties on such Malt shall be parable and paid to the proper Officer or Officers of Excise for receiving the same within one Calendar Month after he, she, or they shall have given or ought to have given such Account as aforesaid; and all such Malftersor Makers of Malt, Sellers or Retailers of Malt, Brewers, Distiltas, Innkeepers, Vifttiallers, and Vinegar Makers, who shall refuseor neglect to make such Payment for his, her, or their Stock of Malt within the Time by this Act limited for that Purpose, shall forfeit double the Amount of the Duties which should have been so paid by him, her, or them as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Officers of Excite respectively to take a true and particular Account and Admeasurement of all such Malt as any Maltsters or Makers of Malt, Sellers or Retailers of Malt, Brewers, Distillers, Innkeepers, Victuallers, or Vinegar Makers, or any Person or Persons in Trust, or for the Use, Benefit, or Account of them, or any or either of them, shall on the said first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, have, be possessed of, or interested in, and for that Purpose to enter into any Dwelling House, Outhouse, Barn, Granary, or other Place whatsoever belonging to every and any such Maltster or Maker of Malt, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Brewer, Dilliller, Innkeeper, Victualler, and Vinegar Maker, and each of them, and every such Person is hereby required to permit and suffer such Officer or Officers, on the said first Day of May, or afterwards, at any Time before the Duty upon such Malt shall be paid at his or thrir Request, to enter and take such Account and Admeasurement thereof as aforesaid, and for that Purpose to raft such Malt into a regular Form for the better ascertaining the Quantity thereof; and if they, any, or either of them shall refuse to permit or suffer any Officer or Officers of Excne so to do, or if any Person or Persons shall obstruct, oppose, moled, or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of such Powers hereby riven, he, me, or they shall respectively forfeit one hundred Pounds for every such Offence; and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Brewer, Distiller, Innkeeper, Victualler, or Vinegar Maker, or any other Person or Persons, having in his, her, or their Custody or Possession any Quantity of Malt chargeable by this Act with the said Duty or Duties, or any Part thereof, for Stock as aforesaicT, shall clandestinely remove of carry away, or cause or suffer to be removed or carried away, the fame, or any Part thereof, before, the Duties thereupon shall be charged, or shall fraudulently conceal or hide, or cause or suffer to be concealed or hid, or shall not produce to the Inspection of the Officer of Excise or Gauger such Malt, and every Part thereof, that then and in every such Case, every Person so offending, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and the Malt which shall be so clandestinely removed or carried away, or fraudulently concealed or hid, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be Seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession such Malt shall be found, who shall not before the Discovery thereof give Notice at the next Office of Excise of the Quantity of Malt so in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, shall also forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings for every Bushel of such Malt.

XXVIII. And whereas by the fraudulent Practices of evil-minded Persons the Duty on Malt is materially diminished, and the Malt much injured; for Remedy whereof, be it enacted, That, from and after the first X>ay of May One thousand eight hundred and two, no Maltster or Maker of Malt shall begin to wet or deep any Cora or Grain to be made into Malt at any other Time than between the Hours of eight in the Morning and two in the Afternoon, nor shall any Maltster or Maker of Malt empty or take any Corn or Grain from or out of his, her, or their Ciftem, Uting Vat, or other Vessel or Utensil used for the wetting or deeping of Corn or Grain as aforesaid, at any other Time than between the Hours of seven in the Morning and four in the Afternoon; and

33*

Penalty on Per-

Toms having such Liquors, iool.

Proof shall lie on the Owners.

Maltsters, having Malt on May i, 1802, shall give an Acc ount thereof to Excise Office* on Penalty of tool, and Forfeiture thereof.

Duties on such Malt shall be paid widun a Month, on Penalty of Double the Duties.

Excise Officers shall take an Account of all such Malt, and admeasure the same.

Penalty of rooL for obstructing the Officer, or removing or concealing such Malt before the Duties shall be charged.

Malt TUtaoved

or concealed may be faired, and the Keeper thereof shall so»-feit 40*. per Bushel.

Hours when M.ihticis ftnli b*gin to wet for

Ik c

C. 38.

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

Penalty on Offender*, tool.

Out of every 20 Bafhels ot* Malt charged upon the Floor, after having been taken amt 26 Hour?, and before dried

No Maltster shall water, 3cc. any Grain making into Mah until 12 Days after taken out of the Cittern, on Penalty of 200J. Penalty on M iltfter wetting Ma t after taken Irum the Kiln, lecJ.

if any Mahfter or Maker of Malt shall begin to wet or steep any Com or Gram at any other Time than between the Hours of eight in the Morning and two in the Afternoon, or fbafl at any other Time than between the Hour* of seven in the Morning and four in the Afternoon empty or take any Corn or Grain from or out of his, her, or their Cittern, Uting Vat, or other Vessel or Utensil used for the wetting or steeping of Corn or Grain, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Stun of one hundred Pounds.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That out of every twenty Buflicls of Malt, which shall be gauged arid charged upon the Floor, after the same shall have been taken or thrown out of the Cittern, Uting Vat, or other Vessel or Utensil, by the Space of twenty-six Hours or more, and before the same shall be dried upon the Kiln, there shall be allowed ten Bushels, and so in proportion for any greater or lef* Quantity; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

on the Kiln, there shall be allowed to Rufhels.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Maltster or Maker of Malt shall wet, water, or sprinkle, or catise or suffer to be wetted, watered, or sprinkled, any Corn or Grain making into Malt, in any State or Stage of Operation, after the same shall have been emptied, thrown, or taken from or out of the Cittern, Uting Vat, or other Vessel or Utensil used for steeping such Corn or Grain, for and until the full End and Expiration of twelve Days, 00 Pain of forfeiting for each and every such Offence the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

Mailfters may drain the Wafttr from Gone tteepingvbtfriw the End of 40 Hours after first wetted, at certain ISmes, and under certain Conditions.

Servants In Maltster* beginning to wet or temove Grain, Sec. contrary to She Regulations of this Act, may be apprehended by any Excite Officer and carried before a Just ice, who may fine then 50L and on Nonpayment commit them in be Hoafe of Ctxre&ioa.

XXXI. 4 And whereas Maltster* and Makers of Malt do sometimes wet, water, sprinkle, or damp Malt after the feme has been dried on the Kiln, and before such Malt is delivered into the Custody of the Brewer or other Person who may have purchased, bargained, or agreed for the fame, to the great Injury of the Mak,

and the Detriment of the Purchaser thereof; for Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall, from and after the said first Day of May One thou hind eight hundred and two, wet, water, sprinkle, or damp, or procure, cause, permit, or suffer to be wetted, watered, sprinkled, or damped, any Malt at any Time after the same shall have been taken from or thrown off the Kiln, and before such Malt shall be delivered into the Custody of the Brewer or other Person who may have purchased, bargained, or agreed for the feme, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, except in the ordinary Process of brewing Beer from such Malt, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Maltster or Maker of Mbit to drain the Water from any Cofn or Grain, whilst the feme shall be steeping in any Cittern, Uting Vat, or other Vessel or Utensil, before the End or Expiration of forty Hours from the Time such Corn or Grain was first wetted and completely covered with Water: Provided always, that no such Water shall be drained from any such Corn or Grain before the End or Expiration of such forty Hours, unless the Maltster or Maker of Mak so draining the feme, shall, in his, her, or their last preceding Entry or Notice in Writing for the making of Malt, at the next Office of Excise, have dated his, her, or their Intention so to drain off such Water with the exact Hour and Time, between the Hours of eight in the Morning and four in the Afternoon, when such Water is so to be drained; nor unless such Water shall be drained from such Corn or Grain between the said Hours of eight in the Morning and four in the Afternoon; nor more than once during the said Space of forty Hours; and that such Corn or Grain be again completely covered with Water within the Space of one Hour from the Time of fufch Water having been begun to be so drained 5 any Thing in any Act. or Acts of Parlia* aent to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Workman, Servant, or Labourer employed by, or in the Service of, any Maltster or Maker of Malt, shall begin to wet or deep any Corn or Grain at any other Time than between the Hours of eight in the Morning and two in the Afternoon, or if any such Workman, Servant, or Labourer as aforesaid, shall at any other Time than between the Hours of seven in the Morning and four in the Afternoon, take or remove any Corn or Grain from or out of any Cittern, Uting Vat, or other Vessel or Utensil in which the feme shall have been wetted or steeped, or shall wet, water, or sprinkle any Corn or Grain making into Malt, in any State or Stage of Operation whatever, after the same shall have been emptied, thrown, or taken from or out of the Cittern, Uting Vat, or other Vessel or Utensil used for steeping such Com or Gram until the full End and Expiration of twelve Days after the same shall have been emptied, thrown, or taken from or out of any such Cittern, Uting Vat, or other Vessel or Utensil used for steeping such Com, or Grain as aforesaid, and before such Corn or Grain shall be put or laid on the Kiln; every such Workman, Servant, or Labourer as aforesaid, so offending in any or either of the Particulars aforesaid, shall and may be apprehended by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and taken before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, or Liberty respectively, wherein such Workman, Servant, or Labourer shall be found, and it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Justice or Justices of the Peace reflectively, on the Parties Confession of any such Offence as aforesaid respectively, or on Proof thereof by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to conridl in the Penalty of fifty Pounds every Workman, Servant, or Labourer so proved to have been guilty of any or either of the said Offences respectively; and every such Workman, Servant, or Labourer so convicted as aforesaid, shall immediately on such Conviction, pay down into the Hands of such Officer the said Penalty in which he or she shall be so convicted, to be applied in Manner herein after directed; and if any such Workman, Servant, or Labourer so convicted shall not forthwith pay down the said Penalty, the said Justice or Justices shall, and he or they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit the Party so convicted as aforesaid to die House of Correction for the said County, Riding, Division, City, or Liberty rtipeftively, there to remain to be kept to hard Labour for any Time sol exceeding twelve Months, to be reckoned from t^ie [Day of Such Con-

vittion,

A.D. 180s. 42 GEORGII III. C. 38.

viction, and the Person so convicted shall not be discharged until he or she shall have paid the said Penalty, or until ike Expiration of the Time for which such Commitment was made.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of Excise as well by Night as by Day to enter every Malthouse or other Place made Use of by any Maltster or Maker of Malt for the making or keeping of Malt or Corn for the making of Malt, and to examine, gauge, measure, and take Account of all Corn or Grain in such House or other Place as aforesaid, whether such Corn or Grain shall be in a State of Operation for making into Malt or otherwise; and also of all Malt that shall be in such Malthouse or other Place as aforesaid; and if any such Maltsteror Maker of Malt shall refuse to permit any such Officer or Officers of Excise as aforesaid to enter into any such Malthouse or other Place as aforesaid, or if any such Maltster or Maker

Malt, as aforesaid, or any other Person shall hinder, impede, or diflurbany Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of the Powers or Authorities granted by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties on Malt, every such Mulfter or Maker of Malt, or other Perl'on respectively, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XXXV. And be it further ennded, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall molest, disturb, hinder, of-pose, or impede any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted, or any or either of them, except in such Cases for which other Penalties are by this Act provided, every Person so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be ft: d for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, or Methods as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exclu pier in Scotland respectively; and that one Moiety of ever)' such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to his Maj idly, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue* foi the same.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things which in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance; and for settling a Revenue upon h 'u Majesty in Iteu thereof; or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty's Revenues of Excise are provided and efta-bHshed for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or receiving, adjudging, or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted or any of them, (other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are made or prescribed by this Act, ) shall be practised, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the Duties by this Act granted upon Beer, Ale, Malt, and Hops, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if all and everythe said Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and rc-enacted in this present Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Money arising by the Duties by this Act imposed, (the oeccssary Charges of raffing and accounting for the same excepted, ) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and that at the End of every Quarter of a Year after the first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two; that is to say, on the fifth Day of Juh> the tenth Day of Odoberf the fifth Day of January > and the fifth Day of April in every Year, there shall be let apart at the said Receipt, of the Monies arising from the Rates and Duties granted by this Act, the Sum of forty-one thousand one hundred and thirty-four Pounds fifteen Shillings and Nine-pence, being one fourth Part of the Sum of one hundred and sixty-four thousand oneTiundred and thirty-nine Pounds, the Average yearly IVoduce for three Years, ending on the fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, of the Duties on Small Beer and Table Beer which are repealed by this Act; and that after setting apart such quarterly Sums as aforesaid, the Remainder of the Monies, arising by the said Rates and Duties by this Act granted, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created or to be created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, there shall be pnrritkd and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, a Book or Books in which all the surplus Mo»-akt, arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising by the Repeal of the Allowances granted to Brewers and others by the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year aforesaid, according to the Average herein after mentioned, and also the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Suc-ccfVoTS, upon any Account whatsoever.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That, out of the Duties on Malt which have been or shall be annually granted by Parliament, there shall, at the End of every Quarter of a Year after passing this Act, thatSs SO say, the fifth Day of April\ the fifth Day of July* the tenth Day of October9 and the fifth Day of January in every Year, beset apart at the said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, the Sum of one hundred and nine thousand fe-wen hundred and ninety-eight Pounds fifteen Shillings and Eight-pence, being one fourth Part of the Snm of four kuadml thirty-nine thousand one hundred and ninety-five Pounds two Shillings and Eight-pence the Average yearly Amount of three Years, ended the fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninetyfive, of the .Allowances granted to Brewers and others out of the said Duty on Malt, and which Allowances are by this Act repealed, and the said Sum so set apart shall be also deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of

333

Excise Officers may at allTimes enter Places uled for making

or keeping of Malt, or Corn for making thereof, and take an Account thereof. Penalty on ob-ftru£ting them, 200l.

General Penalty for obstructing Officers, 200l.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Provisions of 12 Car. 2. c. 24. and other Acts in force relating to the Eicifc, extended to this Act as far as applicable.

Application of Duties.

Application of Patl of t: tc annual Duties oa MaJu

35G*o»3*c.ia7.

37 Geo. 3. c. 27.

39 O.3. c. u.

39*40 G. 3. c. 13.

41 G. 3. (tf./?.) c. 27.

Persons may apply to the Commissioners to have the Time for Repayment of Loans extended, who may extend it as herein specified.

Sureties willing to remain so for Repayment of Loan at the extended Times, shall signify their Content to the S» cietary, in the Form in Schedule A.

Commissioners shall meet to receive, or appoint Persons to

C. 38, 39. +2* GEOB.GII III. A.D. 1802.

of defraying the increased Charge* or of supplying any Deficiency as aforesaid, occasioned by arry Loan made or Stock created* or to be created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for extending the Time for the Payment of certain Sums of Money advanced by way of Loan to several Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

[30th April 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to diredi the

Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes and in the Manner therein mentioned

And whereas Exchequer Bills were issued under the said Act to certain Commissioners therein named to a huge

Amount, and were by them advanced to certain Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada

and Saint Vincent, on certain Terms and Conditions: And whereas an Act was passed in the thirty-seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, for allowing further Time for Payment of Instalments to become due on certain Sums

advanced by way of Loan, pursuant to the said firit mentioned Act; and for granting further Relief to Persons

connedied with and trading to the said Islands: And whereas an Act was passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments to become due on the said Loans: And whereas another Act was also passed in the second Session of Parliament in the said thirtyninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for allowing further Time for the Payment of a certain Proportion of the Instalments then and to become due on the said Loans: And whereas another Act was also passed in the forty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments to become due on the said Loans: And whereas Circumstance6 have occurred which render it expedient to continue the

Powers of the said Acts, and further to extend the time for the Repayment of the Instalments remaining due on the said Loans of Exchequer Bills, upon the Terms and Conditions herein after specified* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to whom any such Relief shall have been granted under the said recited Acts, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and who respectively shall be desirous of enlarging or extending the Time limited by the said Acts for the Repayment of any Part of any Loan of such Exchequer Bills, to make Application to the Commissioners named and appointed under the said Acts, or such of them as shall be Hill living, wko are hereby nominated and appointed Commissioners for executing this Act, for any Enlargement or Extension of the Times limited for such Repayment, not exceeding the Times or the Proportions of any such Loan herein after specified, and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to enlarge and extend the Time for the Repayment of any such Loan, in the Proportions as to what may be due thereon, and for the Times herein after specified, either upon the Obligation or Obligations, Security or Securities, Surety or Sureties, heretofore accepted and made liable for Repayment of any such Loan, or any Interest thereon, without any other or new Obligation, Deed, or other Security or Agreement whatsoever, other than such Consent of Sureties as herein after mentioned| or upon such other and new Security or Securities, or other and new Surety or Sureties, either for the Whole of any such Loan, or for any Separate and distinct Part or Parts of any such Loan, upon new and Separate and distinct Security or Securities, either with the former Sureties, or Separate and new Sureties, for each Separate and distinct Part of any such Loan, in lieu of any former Security or Securities, Surety or Sureties, as to them the said Commissioners shall Seem proper and necessary; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized to require any new Security or Securities, Surety or Sureties, whenever they shall think the same necessary, and to cancel and annul any former Obligation or Obligations, Security or Securities, and to Separate and divide any such Loan or Loans, and to grant such Enlargement and Extension of Time for each Part Separately of any Loan so divided under this Act, and to require and take Separate and distinct Securities for any such divided Part of such Loan; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to require the Appearance of any Party or Parties, in any such Loan, and to proceed to examine into and determine the Sufficiency of any such old or new Security or Securities, Surety or Sureties, in like Manner in every Respectas they are empowered by the said recited Acts to do with respect to any Security or Securities, Surety or Sureties, to be proposed and given, previous to the Advance or Issue of any Exchequer Bills, or extending the Time for the Repayment of any such Loan under the said recited Acts, or any or either of them.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person liable as Sureties or Surety for the Repayment of any such Loan or Advance, at the Times limited by the said herein-before mentioned Acts, and who shall be willing to remain Sureties or Surety for the Repayment of such Loan or Advance, or of any Part or Proportion thereof, separated and divided under this Act as aforesaid, at such enlarged or extended Time as shall be granted under this Act, shall signify their Consent to remain such Sureties or Surety, by subscribing their or his Names or Name to a Writing, to be left with the Secretary of the said Commissioners for the Time being, according to the Form in the Schedule in this Act marked A.; and every such Consent, so subscribed and delivered, shall be binding upon the respective Sureties or Surety so signing the fame, their, his, or her Heirs* Executors, or Administrators, in like Manner as such respective Sureties or Surety were or was, by the original Bonds or Bond entered into by them or him, bound for the Repayment of such Loan or Advance at the Times thereby limited for the Repayment thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That within seven Days after this Act shall have received the Royal Assent* the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall meet to receive, or to appoint a proper Person or Persons to receive, all such Applications in Writing as shall be made to them for such Enlargement or Extension

A.t>. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 39* 335

fion of the Times for the Repayment of the Amount of any such Loan of Exchequer Bills, and shall also fix proper and convenient Days for the Purpose of taking into Consideration all such Applications, and (tall meet together for that Purpose, and proceed to take into Consideration all such Applications, as shall specify the Times to which such Payments are required to be extended, (not exceeding the Limits or Proportions herein after mentioned).

receive, App'I-cations for Lx-ten fion of Times for Repayment ot* Loans, and six Days for taking them into Considerattou

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Persons or Person making such Application to the said Commissioners, shall be required by the said Commissioners to give any new Security or Securities, or to pro* duce any new or other Surety or Sureties, and shall not, previous to or upon any of the said Instalments be-coming due and payable under the said recited Acts, be prepared to render such sufficient Security or Securities, or Sureties or Surety, as shall by the said Commissioners be deemed requisite; or in case such Person or Persons shall prove to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners, that by Reason of the Distance at which any Sureties or Surety are then residing, the Consent of such Sureties or Surety under this Act cannot immediately be procured, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by Writing under the Hands of any three or more of them, to grant to such Persons or Person such further Time for the procuring and tendering such Security or Securities, or procuring the Consent of any such Surety or Sureties, as they in their Discretion shall think fit to allow, not exceeding the Period of four Months from the Time of granting such further Time as aforesaid, and every Grant of such further Time as aforesaid shall be in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked B.; and in the mean Time, and until the Expiration of the Time so allowed by the said Commissioners for the Purpose aforesaid, such Persons respectively shall not be deemed or taken to have made Default in Payment of such Instalment of the said Loan under the said recited Acts, unless Default shall be made in the Payment of any such jfirft Instalment as aforesaid, nor shall any Process, Suit, or other Proceeding, be issued, commenced, or had, nor any Warrant for the same granted against the said Parties respectively, or their Sureties or Surety, their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, or upon or in respect of any Securities or Security made, assigned, or deposited, for the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, or otherwise, for the Purpose of recovering or compelling Payment of the said Loan, or any Part thereof: Provided always, that all and every such Securities and Security, and Sureties and Surety aforesaid, shall, at the Expiration of any such Time so granted under this Act as aforesaid, be and remain liable as such Securities or Security, Sureties or Surety, in like Manner as if such further Time had not been granted for the procuring such Consent as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the signing of such Consent by such Sureties under the said Acts, or any or either of them, as aforesaid, and the Deposit of such further Security or Securities, Surety or Sureties, (where any such shall be required by the said Commissioners), it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to grant and allow, in Manner herein after mentioned, to such Parties respectively, such Enlargement or Extension of the Times of Repayment of such Loan as they the said Commissioners shall in their Discretion think proper, so that the same he made payable in Proportions not less, and Periods not longer than herein after particularly mentioned 5 that is to say, in every Case where the Whole of any such Loan remains unpaid, one third Part of such Loan, with Interest for the same at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum fer Annvmy on the fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three 5 one other third Part thereof, with the like Interest for the fame, on the fifth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and three; and the remaining third Part thereof, with the like Interest for the fame, on the fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four; and in every Case where the first Instalment, or the first and second Instalments on any Such Loan, or any Proportion thereof, hath been or shall be paid,

frevious to any Application being made for the Enlargement or l^xtension of the' Time or respective Times of 'ayment of the Remainder of such Loan, then the Remainder of any such Loan at such respective Times for vhat may remain due on such Loan as are herein-before mentioned for the Payment of Instalments of any Loan on which no Part has been paid; and such Parties respectively, to whom the said Commissioners shall allow such Enlargement or Extension of the Tinxs of Payment of the said Loan, shall not be deemed or taken to have made Defaiut in Payment of the said Loan in Maimer directed by the said recited Acts, nor shall any Process, Suit, or ether Proceeding be issued, commenced, or had, nor any Warrant for the same granted, against the said Parties respectively, or their Sureties or Surety, their or any of their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, or upon or in respect of any Securities or Security made, assigned, or deposited, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, or otherwise, m order to recover or compel the Repayment of the said Loan, or any Part thereof, until the Expiration of such enlarged or extended Times as aforesaid.

V L And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which the said Commissioners shall think fit to grant or allow any such Enlargement or Extension of Time for the Repayment of any Proportion of any such Loan, they the said Commissioners, shall certify such their Allowance by a Writing under the Hands of any three or more of them, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked C.; and such Certificate shall be delivered to the respective Parties to whom such Extension of Time shall be granted as aforesaid, and a Copy or Minute of all such Certificates shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the said Commissioners for that Purpose.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person to whom such En-hrgement or Extension of Time, for the Payment of any Part of any such Loan, shall be granted or allowed as aforesaid, shall, previous to the receiving of any such Certificate ms aforesaid, pay, or cause to be paid, to the said Commissioners, or such Persons or Person as they, or any three or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same, all Interest then due and payable on every such Loan at the Time of granting any such Exten-£qo of Time as aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That the said Acts herein-before recited, and all Remedies thereby provided, and all other Remedies whatever under anj Act or Acts, or Law or Laws for recovering or oocnpcuing the Repayment of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills issued and advanced under the same as afore-

7

Cumiuifljoneri may grant to Persons not prepared to tender new Securities of Sureties pie'vioJS to Instilmenu becoming due. See further Time, the Grant of which shall be in the Form in the Schedule B.

After filing Consent by original Sureties, See. the Commissioners may grant Extension of Times of Repayment of Loan by three Instalments, with Interest, to s Mart'll and 5 OA. 1^03, and 5 March 1804.

Certificate of At Grant of such Extension shall be in the Form in Schedule C.

Previous to receiving Certificates of E>te 1-fion of Time, all intei eft due shall be paid.

Remedies of recited or other Acts for com-ftlUni R«W

roe it of Loin shall continue, &c.

Commissioneri shall have the same Povei« at under recited Act*.

Sureties paying Loan shall have the same Remedies against the Principal $ or Co-Sureties as under recited Act«; and Mortgages taken by the Commissioners as Securities shall remain as Securities for Reimbursement, to Sureties of Money advanced

Three Commi f-lioners may Ait.

Obligations taken by the WCommifltoncrj, , &c.<not liable to Stamp Duty.

said, or enforcing any such Security or Securities, or Proceeding again (I any Surety or Sureties, shall continue and be in full force as again fl all persons, and in all Cases, where the Time for Repayment shall not have been enlarged and extended according to the Provisions of this Act; and also again (I all Persons, and in respect of all Securities and Sureties where any further Time shall have been allowed under the said Acts, or any or either of them, or this Act, for the Payment of any such Loan, or any Part of any such Loan, in like Manner in every Respect, as if the Bonds, Mortgages, Obligations, or other Securities given, or Sureties who shall have become bound in respect of any Loan for the Repayment whereof, or of any Part whereof, any such further Time shall have been or shall be granted, in pursuance of this Act, had been given, renewed, and entered into, or such Sureties had become bound under this Act, as original Bonds, Mortgages, Obligations, Securities, or Sureties.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have all such Powers and Authorities, with respect to any Parties applying for Relief under this Act, and shall have all such Remedies for the Purpose of recovering or compelling Repayment of any Loans or Advances already made, the Times of Repayment of which have been or may be enlarged or extended by the Authority of this Act, as are given to the said Commissioners, and provided by the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, in respect of any such Loan, or of any Default in Repayment of any Loan made under the said Acts.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Persons or Person consenting to remain Sureties or Surety for any Parties to whom such Enlargement or Extension of the Times of Repayment of Loans advanced to them as herein-before mentioned shall be allowed, on becoming Sureties or Surety for any Persons or Person to whom any such Loan shall have been originally made by the Authority aforesaid, their or his Executors or Administra-tors, shall pay or satisfy such Loan, or any Part thereof, or any Cods or Charges incurred in recovering or compelling Payment of any such Loan, or any Part thereof, such Sureties or Surety shall have all such Remedies as against their or his Principals or Principal, or their or his Co-sureties or Co-surety (if any), as are provided by the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, for the Benefit of the Sureties of the Persons obtaining a Loan of Exchequer Bills under the said Acts; And, moreover, all and every such Mortgages or Mortgage as shall be accepted or taken by the said Commissioners, under the Authority of the said Acts given tg them for that Purpose, as Securities or Security for any Loan or Advance heretofore made under the Authority of the said Acts, shall stand and remain as Securities or a Security for the Reimbursement to such Sureties respectively, their Executors and Administrators, of the Whole of any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be paid and satisfied by them as such Sureties, and shall and may be enforced and rendered available, by and under the Authority of the said Commissioners, in like Manner, and with the lame Force and Effect, as by the said Acts are provided, for the Purpose of recovering Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money that shall or may be advanced by the said Commissioners, upon the Security of such Mortgage or Mortgages under and by virtue of the said Acts.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Matters and Things which the said Commissioners authorized by this Act are hereby required or empowered to do or execute, mall and may be done and executed by any three or more of them; any Thing herein or in the said former Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Obligation to his Majesty taken by the said Commissioners under this Act, nor any Consent signed by any Sureties or Surety for the Purposes herein-before mentioned, nor any Promissory Note to be given to the Secretary of the said Commissioners as a Security for the Repayment of the Amount of any such Sum x>r Sums of Money as a fore said, nor any Affidavit, DepoHtion, or Receipt taken or made by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatsoever.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE A.

W=! whole Names are hereunto subscribed, do hereby feverafly and respectively {consent and agree, That the Bonds already executed by us, under several Acts passed in the thirty-fifth, thirty-seventh, thirty -ninth, and fortieth, and forty-first Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for granting Relief to Persons con-nedled with and trading to the islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, as Snreties for A.B. for the Repayment of a Loan of Exchequer Bills, made to the said A.B. under the said Act of the*Year of his present Majesty's Reign, shall remain and continue as a Security for Repayment of the said Sum of

remaining unpaid on the Loan, with Interest thereon at the Rate of per Centum

per Annum, the extended Periods allowed to the said by the Commissioners under the said Acts, in the Manner as the same now Hand, as a Security for Repayment thereof, by InHalments according to the said Acts: And we further consent and agree, That the said Commissioners shall be at Liberty to grant to the said the said Exteimon of Time for Payment, either upon the Security already

Tcceived for the fame, as they in their Discretion 4hatt think fit to accept, either for the Whole of the Money remaining due on the said Loan, or upon such Loan separated and divided into such Parts as shall be allowed 2>y the said Commissioners.

SCHEDULE EL

W*L, ' Commissioners under several Acts of Parliament pdfed for granting

Relief to Persons comiedfced with and trading to the I Hands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, do hereby grant to until the and no longer, for procuring >£and tendering to us, good and

sufficient new Security or Securities with Sureties], or [the Consent iof Sureties of the said to remain answerable as such Sureties], under an Act passed in the forty-second Yea*of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An A8y [here in/ert the Tide of this Atf], for the Repayment of the Sum of W-th Interest due on a Loan of Exchequer Bills made to the said under tire

3 said

A.D. 1802. 4^9 GEORGII III. C. 39* 4> 4*

Cud Acts, and if the said* does not produce the fame, on or before the said Day

of the Securities already given and entered into by the said and hi?Sureties will be

forthwith put in force for the recovering the Money due on the said Loan.

SCHEDULE C.

WHEREAS the Sum of was advanced to in Exchequer Bills on certain

Conditions, pursuant to several Acts passed in the thirty-fifth and thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting Relief to Persons conaedted with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent: And whereas the said hath given Security with Sureties, pursuant to the

Directions of several Acts of Parliament respecting such Relief as aforesaid, for the Repayment of the said Loans by certain Instalments, payable at certain Periods, in such Security [or Securities] mentioned: And whereas the Sum of dill remains unpaid on the said Loan: And whereas an Application has

been made to us the said Commissioners for further Extension of the Time for repaying such Loan: Now we, whose Names are hereunto subscribed, being of the Commissioners under the said Acts, do, in pursuance of the Directions contained in an Act passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act, [here Jet forth the Title of this Act-], certify. That we have granted and allowed to the said the further Time or Times], for Repayment of the Sum of or

Instalment or Instalments of the said Sum of [as the Case may &], that is to say,

£recite the Times and iSams].

337

CAP. XL

An Act to continue, until the first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, the Re* ftridlions contained in several Acts of the thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, on Payments in Cash by the Bank.

[30th April 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act wa9 passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, W An Act for confirming and continuing, for a Smiting Time, the Rflridion contained in the Minute of Council of the twenty sixth of r ebruary One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, on Payments of Cash by the Bank; 4 which Act was continued and amended by another Act, passed in the thirty-seventh Year aforesaid, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for confirming and continuing, for a limited Time, the Rejlridion contained in the minute of Council of the twenty sixth Day of February One thousand/even hundred and ninety seven, on Payments of Cash by the Bank, 9 under certain Regulations and Restrictions: And whereas the Provisions of the said last recited Act were amended and further continued until one Month after the Conclusion of the present War by an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and continue, until one Month after the Conclusion of the present War, the Provisions contained in an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament of the thirty sixth and thirty seventh Years of his present Men fly. Chapter ninety-one, videlicet, on the twentysecond of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the Restriction on Payments of Ca/h by the Bank: And whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of the said Acts, so far as the same are amended and continued by the said last recited Act, should be further continued : ' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Provisions of the said Acts passed in the thirty-seventh Year aforesaid, so far as the same are amended and continued by the said Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, and also the said recited Act of the thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, shall be, and the same are hereby further continued until the first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three.

37 G. 3. c. 45.

37 G. 3. c. 91.

38 O. 3. c. r.

Redted Acts continued until Marckx, 1803.

CAP. XLI.

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and two.

[4th May 1802.]

The Treasury may issue Exchequer Bills, agreeably to those issued under the Malt Act of this Session, c. 1.5

44 to be payable out of the Supplies for 1802, on 14 Days Notice in the Gazette, &c. §1. But Treasury

shall not issue under this Act Exchequer Bills on the Credit of cc. 1 and 2 of this Session, or on any Aids that

may be granted next Session, §2. Exchequer Bills shall bear an Interest not exceeding 3d. per Cent, per

Diem, See. and shall, if not paid out of the Supplies for 1802, be receivable at the Exchequer, Sec. four Months after the Date, §3. But these shall not be so received till the same become payable, §4. Clauses of the Malt Act extended to this Act, §5. Bank may lend 2, oooo, ooool. on the Credit of this Act, §6."

42 Geo. III.

Xi CAP-

3$ C. 42.

42° GEORGII ia

A.B. 1802.

If O. 3. c. 13.

THe Dutiet oil Income granted by recited Act, shall cease from April 5, 1802, ak also those framed by 38 G.3. c. 16.

Except in Cases of Personi liable and not charged therewith previous to April 5, 1802, &c.

Powers of recited Act shall continue in force for affeJfing Arrears;

And as to Appeals and Abatements.

And as to Returns of AfleJT-ments and Duplicates.

Where Commissioners have declined to alt in any District, the Commissioners herein appointed shall assess all Persons liable to the Duties.

CAP. XU L

An Act for repealing the Duties on Income; for the effectual1 Collectlon of Arrears of the said Duties, and accounting for the fame; and for charging the Annuities specifically charged thereon upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

[4th May 1802.]

4 TT|7HEREA$ it is expedient that the Dudes on Income granted by an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to retool the Duties impeded by an Act made in the loft SeJJmn of Par It ament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, and to mate more efiSued Provision for the like Purpose, by grantor certain Duties uton Income, in lieu of the feud Duties, and other subsequent Acts relating to the said Duties, should be repealed, and Provision made for the better Collection of the Arrears of the said Duties, and accounting for the fame; ' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Rates and Duties on Income granted by the said recited Act, or by any subsequent Act or Acts relating to the Rates or Duties on Income arising after the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two, mail, from and after the pafEng of this Act, cease and determine, except a» herein after is excepted.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Rates and Duties granted by an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth: Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an Aid and Contributionr for the Prosecution of the Ivor, and which were continued in force by the said first recited Act, or any Act subsequent thereto, relating to the said Duties on Income, shall also, from and after the passing of this Act, cease and determine, except a3 herein after is excepted.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said respective Rates and Dutiet granted by the said several Acts herein-before mentioned, or any of them, shall continue in force for the Purpose of duly charging to the said Rates and Duties all Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all Companies, Fraternities, and Societies of Persons who shall not have been respectively charged to the said Duties on Income before the passing of this Act, and who ought to have been charged to the said Duties on Income for the Year ending on the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two, or for any prior Year since the passing of the said Acts, and until such Assessments shall be duly made for such Year, and shall be raised, and levied as if this Act had not been made; and the said Duties shall also be in force for the Purpose of appointing Commissioners, where such Commissioners have not been appointed, or of empowering Commissioners to act where Commissioners have not began to act, or have declined to act, for such Year prior to the bud fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two, and for the Purpose of appointing and continuing all other Officers necessary to carry the said Acts into Execution for such Year.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions, Clauses, Rules, Matters* and Things, which are contained in any of the said Acts, shall continue to be in full force, and shall be severally applied, practised, and put in Execution, for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying the said Rates and Duties which shall be charged after the passing of this Act for any Year before mentioned % and also for the levying, collecting, and paying, and of re-assessing in case Default shall happen in the levying* collecting, or paying all and every the Arrears of the said Rates and Duties which shall have been charged before the passing of this Act, and which shall be in Arrear, and not collected, or unpaid at the Time of passing this Act, and for the suing for, adjudging, and recovering any Penalty or Forfeiture which shall have been or may be incurred in respect of any Assessment made, or to be made, for the Year ending on the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two, or in respect of any prior Assessment as aforesaid.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several Provisions of the said recited Acts, shall continue in force for the Purpose of hearing all Appeals against Assessments, to be made after the passing of this Act, for the Year before-mentioned; and also for the rurpose of granting Abatements on Account of any Diminution of Income in such Year.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several Provisions contained in the said Acts, shall continue in force for the making all such Returns of A fle Aments, and other Matters touching the Execution of the said Acts, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, as are directed to be made by the said Acts; and also for returning Duplicates to the Receivers General, and the Offices of the King's Remembrancer, as if this Act had not been made.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where the Persons named by the Grand Inquests, in any County or Counties in England, have refused-or neglected, or declined to act in and for the Districts for which, they were respectively appointed, whereby the said Acts have not been carried into Execution for the Year ending the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two, or for any prior Year during the Continuance of the laid Rates and Duties; and in every Case where Commissioners- have* not acted for any District in Scotland, during the Continuance of the said Acts, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to be appointed in the Manner herein after directed, to execute the said Acts, and to charge and assess all and every the Persons within theif. respective Districts, who were liable* to the said Rates and Duties, in like Manner and at the like Rates, and upon the like Income, as if such Assessments had been made within the Year or Years for which such Income ought to have been charged by virtue of the said Acts; and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Rules, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which are contained in the said Acts, shall be severally applied to the respective Commissioners to be appointed under this Act, as fully as if the said Commissioners had been appointed under the said Acts, and shall by them be severally practised and put in Execution, for charging the Incomes of Person&jvithin their respective Districts, and for duly levying, collecting, and paying the Rates'and* Duties

charged

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

O* 4-2.

339

charged by them, u folly and effectually as if the said Appointments had been made under the said Acts, and as if all and every the Matters and Things to be done by the said Commissioners, had been done and performed within the respective Times limited by the said Acts.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, in every Case where such Default as aforeDud shall have happened in England, and for the Borons of the Exchequer jn Scotland, in every Case where such Default as aforesaid shall have happened in Scotland, or any three or more of them respectively, from Time to Time to appoint in each such District, such Number of Persons, not exceeding live nor lew than two, to be Commissioners for executing the said Acts in each Distritft where such Default shall have happened, as they respectively shall deem necessary; and the Persons so to be appointed, shall be Commissioners for executing the said Acts, in the respective Distridb for which they shall be so appointed, and all and every the Powers contained in the said Acts and in this Act, shall be vested in them for die Purposes herein-before mentioned; and the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, may direct the respective Receivers General to advance or pay to the Commissioners so to be appointed, such Sums of Money as shall appear to the said Commissioners of the Treasury necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, under the like Powers as they are authorized to pay incidental Expences of any Commissioners appointed under the said Acts.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioner, or other P.erson appointed or to be appointed to execute the said Acts in the Manner directed by this Act, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to execute the Duty required of him by the said Acts or this Act, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for Offences committed in England, or in his Majesty's Exchequer, for Offences committed in Scotland, to and for the sole Use and Benefit of 1the Person or Persons who shall inform and fuc for the fame, with full Costs of Suit.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the respective Commercial Commissioners throughout Great Britain, and they are hereby respectively enjoined, whenever thereunto required by any three or more of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to transmit to them full and particular Accounts of all Sums of Money charged by them within their respective Difirids, under the Letters or Numbers set opposite to the respective Sums so charged, without mentioning or including the Name or Names of any Person or Persons, together with the Sum and Sums allowed by them for Dcdudlions on Account of Income, or for Abatements on Account of Diminution of Income, or for any other Cause, and also the Amount of the Sums paid to them on Account of Expences incurred in the Execution of the said Acts, and the Sums disbursed by them respectively, distingutthing such Expences under the respective Heads in which the lame have been paid, and shall also return Duplicates of the Amounts of their Assessments to the respective Offices of the King's Remembrancer in England and Scotland respectively.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall return to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and into the respective Offices of the King's Remembrancer in England and Scotland respectively, the Amount of all Sums received by them under the land Acts, or any of them, distinguishing the oums received oa Account of each Year, since the Commencement of the said Acts respectively, and also the Amount of Assessments from the Amount of voluntary Contributions.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the respective Auditors in England, and Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, to audit and examine such Accounts according to the Course of the Exchequer at such Times, and in such Manner, as the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them for the Time being, or the Lord High Treasurer, shall direct.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the respective Auditors in England, and Barons sf Exchequer in Scotland, to pass and declare the Accounts of any Receiver of the said Rates and Duties charged by virtue of the said Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or the Heirs, Executors, or Administratom of such Receiver, at any Time before the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three9 and no such Receiver* or the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of such Receiver, shall be restrained in any such Account which shall be declared and passed within such Period, from setting ufuter, or charging any County, Division, or Place, for the said Rates and Duties which shall be m Arrear ana unpaid, nor shall the fame, being set insuper within the Time herein limited, remain a Debt upon such Receiver, or his Securities; any former Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Receiver of the Rates and Duties on Income, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, shall, in his or their Account of the Monies so raised, be allowed1 or admitted to let insuper, or charge any County, Division, or Place in Great Britain, for any of the said Monies which shall be unpaid, unkl* such Account shall be declared and passed within three Years at the farthest, after the Ex-pintion of such Years; but all such Monies in Arrear shall remain a Debt upon such Receiver; to be answered by him and his Securities, his-and their Executors and Administrators, Lancs, Tenements, Goods, and Chattels respectively.

XV. And whereas the respective Receivers General have advanced to the Commissioners for the Redbdion of the National Debt, out 01 the Monies raised by virtue of the said Acts, in pursuance of an Act passed, in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Time ranked far the Redemption of the Land Tan, and to exptcun and amend an Act made in the last Sejssion of Parliament, intitvled, An Act for malting perpetual, fuhne3 to Redemption and Purchase, in the Manner therein fated, the several Some of Money mono charged m Great Britain, at a Land Tax for one Tear, from the twenty-fifth Day of March One thamfand seven hemdrod and ninety-eightcertain Sums of Money which have been applied birthe said Com-

- 110 the Purchase of Stock, required to be purchased for the Redemption of Land Tax, to be paid

X x a 4 for

In England the Commissioners for Taxej, and in Scotland, the Baron j of Exchequer, may appoint Comrarf-sioners for such defaulting Districts, and the Powers of the recited Act extended to them for that Purpost.

Commissionest or others neglecting their Duty, shall forfeit xoofc

Commercial Commissioners, when required by the Tax Office, shall transmit Accounts of the Money charged by them within their respective Districts, and Duplicates to the Offices of the King's Remeat* hrancer.

The Bank of Enftand shall return the Amount of all Sums received by them.

Such Accounts shall be audited according to the Course of the Exchequer. Accounts of Receivers of the Duties under 38 G. 3. c. t6. may be passed before April 5, 1803, and such Receive* (hell not be restrained from setting in-super for Arrears, tec*

But no such Re* ceiver shall be allowed to set iofuper, unless Accounts passed within 3 Years.

In passing Accounts of Receivers they Audi be allowed -11 Sums advanced^ pursuant to

39 G. 3- c-for Redemption of Land Tax.

34© C. 42, 43.

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

for in Money, over and above the Sum* payable in the Contracts for such Redemption, be it further enacted, That the respective Auditors in England\ and Barons in Scotland\ in passing and declaring the Accounts of such Receivers of the said Rates and Duties, shall allow to such Receivers all such Sums of Money as they shall have advanced thereout by virtue of the said Act, and which shall appear to have been necessarily applied by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in the Purchase of such Stock, by the Certificate of anj three or more of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and allowed by three or more of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or the Lord High Treasurer.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties on Income, or Arrears thereof as aforesaid, the Charges of assessing, receiving, collecting, and paying the lame excepted, and which shall be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, after the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain; and that from and after the passing of this Act, all the Annuities, Interest, and Dividends, payable in consequence of any Loans, and specifically charged on the said Rates and Duties by any Ad or A^ds for that Purpose, shall be and are hereby made chargeable on the said Consolidated Fund.

Monies arising from the Income Duties after April 1802,

shall be carried to the Consoli--dated Fund of Great Britain,

u which all Intcrctf, See. under the Income A^ts shall be charged.

From May 12, 1802, the additional Duties of Customs in the annexed Tables A.B. C. and D. shall be paid.

Where, by Table A., the Duties are charged according to Value, it shall be taken ai at the Port of Importation, deducing Duties, and ascertained according to 27 G. 3. c. 13. and if not truly valued, the Goods may be detained by the Officers of the Customs,

If the real Value cannot be ascertained without the Goods being landed and examined, a Depo-fit to secure the new Duties may be made, and when ascertain-cd, the Duties shall be paid before Delivery of the Goods:

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Goods imported into and exported from Great Britain, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels entering Outwards or Inwards in any Port of Great Britain to or from Foreign Parts.

[7th May 1802.]

Most; Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences, and making a permanent Addition to the publick Revenue of Great Britain, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several new and additional Duties herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize imported or brought into Great Britain from Parts beyond the Seas, and upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize exported from Great Britain, the several new and additional Duties of Customs, as the same are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in Figures in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked A., B., C., and D., except as in this Act is provided.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where, by the Table hereunto annexed marked A., the new and additional Duties of Customs by this Act imposed upon the Importation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize into Great Britain are charged, not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be taken and considered as the same shall be at the Port of Importatiorr without any Abatement or Deduction whatever, except of so much as the Duties payable on the Importation thereof by this or any other Act of Parliament shall amount to, and that such Value shall be ascertained, except as in this Act is provided by the Declaration of the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so imported, or of his known Agent or Fador, in the Manner and Form, and under all the Rules and Regulations, and subject to the same Forfeitures and Penalties as are prescribed, directed, and imposed, for ascertaining and collecting the Duties to be paid according to the Value thereof, by an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An AQfor repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the fond Duties, together with the other Duties, composing the publick Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, IVares, and Merchandise, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt; and in Case such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall not be valued according to the true and real Value thereof* and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then it shall be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, to cause the same to be detained, and the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be dealt with, and the proper Officers of the Customs shall proceed in every Respect in the Manner prescribed in such Case by the said recited Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That if upon the Importation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, on which the new and additional Duties of Customs hereby imposed, are charged in the Table hereunto annexed, marked A. according to the Value thereof, the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize* his known Agent or Fador, shall not be able to make an Entry of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, according to the true and real Value thereof, without the same being landed and examined, such Importer, Proprietor, Agent, or Fador, shall, upon making Oath before the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Importation, that he is not enabled to ascertain the true and real Value thereof, in the Manner in this Act pre-'feribed, be at Liberty to make a Deposit, sufficient to secure the new and additional Duties hereby imposed; and the Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall, in such Case, as soon as may be after the Examination thereof, be ascertained by the Declaration of such Importer, Proprietor, Agent, or Fador, in the Manner, and subject to the Rules, Regulations, Forfeitures, and Penalties in this Act directed, and the said new and additional Duties shall be paid (except as in this Act is provided), before the delivery of such Goods, Wares, or

Merchandize j

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 43. 341

Merchandize; and if the Value of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imported into Great Britain, cannot after Examination thereof be ascertained, so as to enable the Importer or Proprietor thereof, or his known Agent or Factor, to make an Entry according to the true Intent and real Value thereof, without the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize being publickly fold, and the same shall be made appear to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any three or more of them, in England or Scotland respectively, the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, after Payment of the Duties charged thereon, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, shall and may be delivered for the Purpose of being so publickly fold, such Deposit being made as aforesaid, and the Entry of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall, in such Case, be completed within seven Days after such Sale, and the new and additional Duties hereby imposed shall be paid upon the Value thereof, according to the Price at which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall have been so publickly fold, without any Abatement or Deduction whatever, except of so much as the Duties payable on the Importation thereof by this or any other Act of Parliament shall amount to, such Price to be ascertained by the Oath of the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or of his known Agent or Factor, before the Coile&or or Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Importation.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and after the twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, no Wine which shall have been imported into Great Britain since the first Day of October One thousand eight hundred and one, shal} be taken out of any Warehouse or Place wherein it shall have been deposited and secured under his Majesty's Locks, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force, on or immediately before the passing of this Act, for the Purpose of being used or con fumed in Great Britain, unless and until the new and additional Duties of Customs by this Act imposed, shall have been paid to the proper Officer of the Customs.

V. And be it further enacted, That in Cases where by the Table hereunto annexed, marked B. the new and additional Duties of Customs hereby imposed upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported-by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, are charged not according to the Weight, Tale, Gau^e, or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be ascertained by the Gross Price at which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be sold at the publick Sales of the said Company; and the said new and additional Duties shall be paid thereon as the same are inserted, described, and set forth in the said Table marked B.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the new and additional Duties of Customs hereby imposed upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported by the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies shall be due and payable upon all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize as ihaB, from and after the twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, be sold at the publick Sales of the said Company; and shall be paid or secured in such Manner and at such Times, and subject to such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions as are prescribed and directed, with respect to the Payment of any former Duties imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, upon such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize respectively imported by the Cud Company.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported or brought into Great Britain, and condemned as Prize, and on which the new and additional Duties of Customs are by this Act imposed, and charged in the Table hereunto annexed, marked A, not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, shall be ascertained by the Gross Price at which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be publickly fold, without any Deduction or Abatement whatever.

and if their Value cannot be ascertained without being fold, they may be delivered fer that Purpose on Payment of the former Duties, &c«

From May 12, 1802, no Wins impoited since 0£t. 1, 1801, shall be taken out of any Warehouse where deposited until the additional Duties shall be paid. The value of Goods imported by the East India Company (chargeable under Schedule Br) shall be ascertained by the Graft Price at the public Sales. Additional Duties on Goods imported by the East India Company shall be payable on all sold at their publick Sales after May 12, 1802,

Value of Prat-Goods cb.irge-able by Table A. shall be ascertained at the Gross Price at which publickly fold.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to

extend, to charge with the new and additional Duties of Customs hereby imposed on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into Great Britain, the following Articles, videlicet;

Bullion, or Foreign Coin of Gold or vSilver.

Fresh Fishf British, taken and imported in British built Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated and registered according to Law.

Turbots and Lobsters, however taken or imported.

Corn or Grain.

Flax, rough or undried.

Sugar.

Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Nutmegs; and Furs and Skins of the Produce of and imported from any British Colony or Plantation in America.

Sheeps Wool.

Spanish Wool.

Tobacco, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, or Rice, imported and warehoused, unless and until such Tobacco, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, or Rice, shall be taken out of such Warehouse for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain, in which Case the said new and additional Duties shall be paid to the proper Officer of the Customs before such Tobacco, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, or Rice, shall be delivered out of such Warehouse for the Purpose of being (o used or consumed-

Coodf,

Articles exempt from additional Duties on Importation,

342

C. 43.

4*> GEORGII III.

A.D. 180a.

Importer* of the

Produce of the Newfoundland Fishery, directly from Newfoundland, may Bond the same for Exportation within 11 Month*.

The Value of

Gyods for Ex* portal ion, chargeable by Table C., shall fee taken at at the Prat of Exportation, deducting the Py-ties, and if not truly valued, they may be detained, by the Officers of the Customs, Sec,

If the Exporter cannot afeenain the true Value, they may be exported on giving Bond to pay the Duties in three, &c.

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland* imported directly from thence into Great Britain.

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imported into Great Britain from Hudfotdt Bay by the Hudson't Bay Company.

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the Islands of Guernsey, Jcrfej, Alderney, Sark, or Man, imported into Great Britain di redly from the said I (lands respectively, in case such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize were allowed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing this Act, to be imported without the Payment of any Cuiloms or other Duties, except such Excise or other Duty as is now or shall hereafter, for the Time being, be due and payable for the like Goods of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain; Tubjed never* theless to all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to which the (nine are liable when imported from the said Islands without Payment of the Cuiloms or other Duties as aforesaid, under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act.

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, being of the Growth and Produce of any Foreign Colony, Island, or Plantation in America, and imported into Great Britain directly from any such Colony, Island, or Plantation in any British built Ship or Vessel, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, or in any Ship or Vessd belonging to any of the Subjects of the United States of America, or of any other Country or Place in Amity with his Majesty; provided such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be permitted to be landed and warehoused in Great Britain f by Virtue of and under the Authority of any Order or Orders of his Majesty in Council: Provided also, that in case any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be taken out of any such Warehouse, for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain* the said new and additional Duties shall be paid to the proper Officer of the Customs, before any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be delivered out of any such Warehouse for the Purpose of being so used or consumed.

Articles of Provision which shall be permitted to be entered and landed in Great Britain without Payment of arty Duty of Customs, by virtue and under the Authority of any Order or Orders of his Majesty in Council.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee of any Fish, Oil, Blubber, Seal Skins, or other Produce of the British Ncvvfoumttand Fishery, imported into Great Britain directly from the Island of Newfoundland, to give Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with one sufficient Surety, in the Penalty of Treble the Amount of the supposed or estimated Duty on such Fish, Oil, or other Produce as aforesaid, with Condition that such Fish, Oil, or other Produce of the said Fishery shall be duly exported from Great Britain, or that the new and additional Duties of Customs by this Act imposed on the Importation thereof, shall be paid within twelve Calendar Months from the Date of such Bond; which Bond shall be taken by the Collector of the Cuiloms at the Port of Importation, who is hereby authorized and required to take such Bond.

X. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where, by the Table hereunto annexed, marked C., the new and additional Duties of Customs by this Act imposed upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize from Great Britain are charged, not according to the Weight, 'Pale, Gauge, or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be taken and considered as the same shall be at the Port of Exportation, without any Deduction or Abatement whatever, except of so much as the Duties of Customs and Excise paid or payable by this or any other Act of Parliament, on any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall amount to; and that such Value shall be ascertained, (except as in this Act is provided, ) by the Declaration of the Exporter dr Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, or of his known Agent or Fador, in the Manner and Form, and under all the Rules and Regulations and subject to the same Forfeitures and Penalties as are prescribed, directed, and imposed for ascertaining and collecting the Duties to be paid, according to the Value thereof, by the said reeked Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and in case such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall not be valued according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then it shall be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of the Cuiloms to cauie the same to be detained, and the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be deal; with, and the proper Officers of the Cuiloms shall proceed in every respect in the Manner prescribed in such Case by the said recited Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if at the Time of making the Entry for thee Exportation of any Gooda» Wares, or Merchandize, on which the new and additional Duties of Customs hereby imposed are charged in the Table hereunto annexed, marked C., according to the Value thereof, the Exporter or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so entered for Exportation, his known Agent or Fador, shall not be aBIe to ascertain the true and real Value thereof, such Exporter, Proprietor, Agent, or Fador shall, upon making Oath thereof before the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Exportation, be permitted to ship and export such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, upon giving Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with one sufficient Surety in Treble the Amount of the supposed or estimated Duty on the Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, conditioned for the Payment of the new and additional Duties hereby imposed within three Months, according to the true and real Value thereof, to be ascertained in the Manner herein-before directed, and for producing the Invoice and Bills of Parcels, and such other Documents as shall be re* (Juired by th^ Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs or any three or more of them, in England and Scotland respectively, in case the Production thereof shall be thought necessary by the Said Commissioners respectively, for the Purpose of ascertaining the true and real Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so exported as aforesaid*

AJ&.itioa. 42 GEORGII C. 43* 343

3tlll Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to (Mend, to charge with the new and additional Duties of Customs hereby imposed on Goods, Wares, and Mcr* chktadize exported from Great Britain, the following Articles 5 that is to lay.

Bullion.

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize exported from Great Britain to Ireland*

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize exported to Hudson's Bay by the JJudson's Bay Company.

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize exported from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, by virtue and under the Author rity of any Licence Which the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland\ or any three or more of them respectively, are, or majrbc by Law, authorized and empowered to grant.

Cotton Yarn or other Cotton Manufactures being of the Manufacture of Great Britain.

Any Sort of Craft, Food, Victuals, Cloathing, or other Goods fit and necessary for the British Fishery established in the Island of Newfoundland\ or for the Use and Support of the Mariners or other Persons employed on board the Vessel, or on Shore in carrying on the said Fishery, exported from Great Britain to the said Island.

Articles exempted from additional Duties ea Exportation.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Exporter or Proprietor of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, entered for Exportation, his known Agent or Factor, shall knowingly and fraudulently make any false Declaration of the Value of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, after the same shall have been allowed to be shipped for Exportation, every such Exporter, Proprietor, or Factor, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum equal to the true and real Value of all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Fees due and payable by Law, at and immediately before the twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, upon any Entry or Cocquet, Inwards or Outwards, shall not be demanded or taken by or for the Use of any Officer of his Majesty's Customs, for any additional Entry required to be made on Account of the new and additional Duties imposed by this Act.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Bond to be taken in pursuance of this Act, shall be chargeable with any of the Duties upon damped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, upon which the said new arid additional Duties of Customs are hereby imposed, shall be detained by any Officer of the Customs, on Ac-

Scotland\ for the Time being, or any three or more of them, upon Proof being made to their Satisfaction, that no Fraud was intended, to direct the Entry to be amended upon such Terms and Conditions, as under the Crrcumstances of the Case shall appear to the said Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland re-(peftively, to be reasonable, and as they shall think fit to direct: Provided always, that if the Importer, Exporter, or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall accept the Terms or Conditions prescribed by the said Commissioners of the Customs' respectively, such Importer, Exporter, or Proprietor, shall not have or be intituled to airy Recompence or Damage, on Account of the Detention of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or have or maintain any Action whatever for the fame; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, there shall be raised, levied, cofiefted, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, the several Duties on Ships and Vessels, according to the Tonnage thereof, entering Outwards or Inwards at any Port within Great Britain, to or from Foreign Parts, as the same are respectively mCrrted, described, and set forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, marked D.» except as in this Act is provided.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the Duty of Tonnage by this Act imposed, any Ship or Vessel employed in the Fish-cries on the Coast of Great Britamy and not entering Outwards for Foreign Parts.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties of Tonnage hereby imposed on Ships and Vef* dels entering Outwards or Inwards, to or from Foreign Parts, shall be paid to the proper Officer appointed to receive the same, each and every Voyage any such Ship or Vessel shall so enter Outwards or Inwards at any Port within Great Britain; and that the Tonnage of every such Ship or Vessel being Brkyb built, or British owned, fiuf! be computed and taken according to the Register thereof, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation; and that the Tonnage of every other Ship or Vessel, in case of any Doubt or Dil-zrate relative thereto, shall be ascertained by Admeasurement, in* the Mode and Manner prefenbed and directed by the Grid Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Ship or Vessel upon which the Tonnage Duty by this Act 'imposed is due and payable, shall be permitted to be cleared Inwards in any Port of Great Britain^ unless the said Tonnage Duty shall have been first duly paid to the proper Officer of the Customs appointed to receive the same; and in case such Duty shall not be paid within thirty Days from the Report of any Ship or Vessel arriving from Foreign Parts, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England

ft for

Persons making a false Declaration of the Value of Goods for Exportation, flull forfeit the true Value.

Fees thall not be taken for any additional Entry on Account of new Duties.

Bonds exempt from Stamp Duty.

Commissioners of the Customs may order Entry to be amended of Goods detained on Account of not being duly valued* upon such Terras as they think (it, and if accepted the Proprietor shall not be entitled to Da- mages for their Detention.

Tonnage Duties in Table D. (Kali be paid on Ve£* fels in Great Britain entering, to or from Foreign Parts.

Not to extend to Fisheries on (be Coast.

Tonnage Duties shall be payable every Voyage, and be computed according to 26 G. 3*x. 60.

No Vessel ftuH be cleared Inwards till the Tonnage Duty is paid, and if not paid within

a limited Tim v

344

the Vessel may be deuiaed and

loLL

No Vessel ftinll be emtMed Outwards for Foreign Pails unit-fs the Tonnage Duly has been paid.

Tonnage Duty shall not extend to unregistered Vessels norVeffeJs in Ballast.

Duties shall be under the Management of the CommrtTroners of Customs.

Additional Duties shall be managed as for* aaer Duties, and the Goods dull be subject to the Rules to which, Goods liable to 1 Custom Duties are subject,

Duties shall be deemed a permanent Increase lo the publick Revenue, See,

0.43* 42°' GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

for the Time being, or any four or more of them, or for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Scotland for the Time being, or any three or more of them, if they shall think fit, to cause such Ship or Vessel, and her Marts, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture to be detained, and afterwards fold publickly to the best Bidder, and the Produce thereof to be applied first to the Charges that shall arise by such Detention and Sale, next to the Tonnage Duty imposed by this Act, and the Overplus to be paid to the Proprietors of such Ship or Vessel, or other Person duly authorised by such Proprietor to receive the same; and that it shall not be lawful for the Collector or other Officer of the Customs at any Port in Great Britain, to permit any Ship or Vessel to be entered Outwards for Foreign Parts, or any Cocquet or Entry to pass for any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize to be shipped on board any such Ship or Vessel, unless the Tonnage Duty hereby imposed on such Ship or Vessel shall have been first duly paid.

XXI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge the Tonnage Duty hereby imposed on any British built Ship or Vessel, or any Ship or Vessel owned by British Subjects, which is not required to be registered by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, or on any Ship or Vessel whatever, which shall enter Outwards or luwards in Ballast only.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That such of the new and additional Duties of Customs, and of the Duties of Tonnage by this Act imposed, as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England\ shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England, for the Time bein£, and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland^ for the Time being.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the new and additional Duties of Customs hereby imposed, shall and may be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, and recovered, in such and the like Manner, and in and by any and either of the Ways, Means, or Methods, by which any of the Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imposed and Day able by the said herein-before recited Act, paHed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, and recovered; and the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so by this Act made chargeable with the said new and additional Duties of Customs shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to which any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, upon which any Duties of Customs are imposed and payable were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained, shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution for and in respect of the new and additional Duties of Customs hereby charged, as far as the same are applicable thereto, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

" Duties shall be paid into the Exchequer separate from other Monies, and made Part of British Consolidated " Fund, §24."

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising from the Duties by this Act imposed shall be deemed a permanent Increase to the public Revenue of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying any increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be made or Stock to be created by Authority of any Act of Parliament passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament, or of supplying any Deficiency in the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, by Occasion of any Act passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament for repealing the Duties on Income, and charging the Annuities now charged on the said Duties so repealed on the said Consolidated Fund.

u Limitation of Actions for Things done under this Act, three Months; General Issue; Treble Costs, §2 6. 4' Act may be varied or repealed this Session, §27."

TABLES to which this Act refers. TABLE A.

A TABLE of new and additional Duties of Customs payable on the Goods, Wares,* therein enumerated or described, imported or brought into Great Britain, not being United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies

and Merchandize imported by thfc

INWARDS. DUTY. £ A

Adianthum Nigrum, the Hundred Pounds - m 038

Agaric, the Pound.- 002

Alkanct Root, the Hundred Pounds - Ol8

Alkermes Syrup, the Pound -» / m 0 0 2 Almonds*

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 43.

Table A. continued.

INWARDS.

Almonds, viz.

- Bitter Almonds, the Hundred Weight

- Jordan Almonds, the Hundred Weight

of any other Sort, the Hundred Weight

Aloes, viz.

'Epatica, the Hundred Pounds — Succotrina, the Hundred Pounds Alum, the Hundred Weight Alum, viz. Roch Alum, the Hundred Weight Amber, Rough, the Hundred Pounds Anacardium, the Hundred Pounds Anchor Stocks, See^Wood.

Anchovies, the Barrel, containing 16 Pounds of Fish Angelica Root, the Hundred Pounds Annotto, the Hundred Pounds Antimonium, viz.

Crudum, the Hundred Weight

- T Preparatum, the Hundred rounds

Apples, the Bushel

- Dried, the Bushel Aqua Fortis, the Hundred Weight Argol, $he Hundred Weight Ariilolochia, the Hundred Pounds Arrow Root, the Hundred Pounds Arsenic, the Hundred Weight Afarum Root, the Hundred Pounds Ashes, viz.

--Pearl Ashes, the Hundred Weight

Pot Ashes, the Hundred Weight --- Soap Ashes, the Hundred Weight

- Weed Ashes, the Hundred Weight

- Wood Ashes, the Hundred Weight

Afphaltus, the Hundred Pounds AfTafcetida, the Hundred Pounds Balls, viz. Washing Balls, the Hundred Pounds Balks, See Wood.

Balsam, viz.

- Artificial Balsam, the Pound

- Ca nada Balsam, the Pound - - Copaivac, the Pound

- Natural Balsam, the Pound

Barilla, the Hundred Weight Bark, viz.

Cortex Peruvianus, or Jesuit's Bark, the Hundred Pounds

- Oak Bark, the hundred Weight

Basket Rods, the Bundle, not exceeding three Feet in Circumference at the Band Baskets, viz. Hand Baskets, the Dozen Battens, See Wood.

Baybcrrics, the Hundred Weight Beads, viz.

- Amber Beads, the Pound

Coral Beads, the Pound Beech Quarters, See Wood.

Beer or Ale, the Barrel of 32 Gallons Beer, viz. Spruce Beer, the Barrel of 32 Gallons Bees Wax, See Wa*.

Bell Metal, the Hundred Weight Bird*, viz. Singing Birds, the Dozen Blacking, the Hundred Weight Blubber, See Oil.

Boards, See Wood.

Bonnets See Hats.

Books, Yviz.

« — 1 Bound Books, the Hundred Weight

Unbound Books, the Hundred Weight

Botargo, the Pound Geo. III.

Vy

DUTY.

/ d.

O 2 3

O 7 0

O 3 0

O 3 8

O 4 i»

O 2 6

O 1 i

O 7 0

O 1 0

O 1 6

I 1 8

O X 6

O 4 6

O 0 3

O 0 6

O 3 3

O 2 3

O 3 6

O90

O 2 3

O 4 6

O 1 6

O 0 10

O 10 0

O 5 6

O 4 % r

O 0 3

O 0 s

O 0 4

O 0 1

O 1 19

O 10 9

O 0 3

O 0 2

O 0 3

' O 1 9

O 1 1

O 4 6

O 1 2

O 3 4

O 3 9

O 1 6

O 2 3

" I

O II

o

00a

Bottles,

34* U 43-

4a9 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

Table A. cmimtU.

INWARDS*

Bottles, tv*

- Glass Bottles, the Dozen Quarts*

- Btone Bottles, the Dozen (Quarts -

Boxwood, See Wood.

Boxes, viz. 1

Nest Boxes, the Gross, containing 12 Dozen Nells, each Nell containing 8 Boxes Pill Boxes, the Gross, containing 12 Dozen Nests, each Nefl tontiming Boxes Sand Boxes, the Gross, containing 12 Dozen Boxes

Braztdy, See Spirits.

Brain Wood, See Wood.

Brarilletto Wood, See Wood.

Brimstone, the Hundred Weight<

Bristles, 'viz.

- dressed, the Dozen Pounds

rough or undressed, the Dozen Pounds Brooms, viz. Whilk Brooms, the Dozen Bugle, «r*.

Great Bugle, the Hundred Pounds- Small Bugle, the Hundred Pounds Bulfrufh*, the Load, containing 63 Bundles Surfs fot Millstones, the Hundred Cables, tarred or untarred, the Hundred Weight Cam Wood, See Wood.

Canlbo^ium, or Gutta Gambia, the Hundred Pounds Camphife, viz.

- refined, the Pound

- unrefined, the Pound

Candles, viz.

..Tallow Candles, the Hundred Weight

.. Wax Candles, the Hundred Pounds

Ctats, viz. Reed Canes, the Thousand Ckndiarides, the Pound Capers, the Hundred Pounds

Cardemoms, the Hundred Pounds Carpets, viz.

- Turkey Carpets, containing Yards square, or upwards, the Carpet

- containing lese than Yanis square, the Carpet

Carfkbe, the Pound Calks, empty, the Ton Calfia, viz.

v — - Piftuk, the Hundred Weight

- Lignea, the Hundred Pounds

Cafioreum, the Pound Caviar, the Hundred Wright Cheese, the HundredWright Cherries, the Hundred Weight Cider, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons Cinnamon, the Pound Cloves, the Pound -

Cochineal, the Pound -

Cocoa Nuts, the Hundred Weight Coculus IncGae, the Pound Coffee, the Hundred Weight Coloquintida, the Pound Colours for Painters, the Pound Comfits the Pound Copper, viz.

- Ort, the Hundred Weight

.. Part wrought, the Hundred Wright

- unwrought, the Hundred Wright

- Wire, Sec Wire.

Copperas, viz.

- Green, the Hundred Weight i — White, the Hundred Wright

DUTT.

£ d.

<5 0

O 2 s

O I

O 0 s

f> t

0 3

O 0 6

O O 8 10 1

O c 2 »9

0 2 4

0 to to

0 0 2

0 9

c 2 t

0 10 O

0 4 3

0 0

0 4 z

to 0

0 6 ft

0 5 0

0 0 1

0 0 to

0 1 6

t> 0

0 0 3

e 2 4

t> 1 0

0 3 4

0 u O

0 0 3

0 0 5

0 00

0 3 4

0 0

t> 4 O

0 0

0 0 k

*> 1 O

0 t

24 0

0 4 3

0 0 3

0 10

Con*,

A.D. 180s

42- GEORGII IIt

Table A* continuJ. INWARDS.

Coral, wt.

- in Fragments, the Pound

- Whole, poliflied, the Pound

- Whole, unpolished, the Pound Cordage, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight Cork, the Hundred Weight Corks, ready made, the Gross, containing 12 Dozen Cortex, We.

- Elatheriae, the Hundred Weight

Limonum, the Hundred Pounds

- Simarouba, the Pound

> Winteranus, the Hundred Pounds Cotton Wool, See Wool.

Cotton Yarn, See Yap.

Cowitch, the Pound Cram of Tartar, the Hundred Weight Crystal in broken Pieces for physical Uses, the Pound Gmvants, the Hundred Weight Dates, the Hundred Weight Dancus Creticus, the Pound Deal* See Wood.

Diptamus Leaves, the Pound Down, the Hundred Pounds tndira Ware, viz.

- Brickflones, the Thousand

m — Galley Tiles, the Hundred Feet

t — — Pantiles, the Thousand

- Paving Tiles, the Thousand

Ebony, See Wood.

Ed* the Ship Load Ekbonat, the Hundred Pounds Elephant's Teeth, the Hundred Weight Eflcncenf Lemons, the Pound Fnphorbinm, the Hundred Pounds

Feathers, viz.

m - Oftridge Feathers dressed, the Pound

- Oftridge Feathers undressed, the Pound

mm for Beds, the Hundred Weight

Ecclua Brugiata, the Hundred Weight Fenugreek, the Hundred Weight Tigs, the Hundred Weight Fir Quarters, See Wood.

FirsWood, See Wood.

Hoses Chamoemeli, the Hundred Pounds Fraakiurenfc, the Hundred Weight Ftraaer'a Waste, the Hundred Weight FWBc, See Wood.

the Pound, the Hundred Weight See Spirits.

the Hundred Pounds w rf the Hundred Weight Ciaifr Green, the Pound Cinftmir the Hundred Pounds fldibesken, the Hundred Weight

Voscr'tClippiQgs, the Hundred Weight Che, the Hundred Weight Guinea Grains, the Hundred Pounds Guinea Pepper, the Hundred Pounds

w> Aaimi, the Hundred Pounds >the Hundred Weight c, the Hundred Weight) the Hundred Pounds

Y y a

c43*

Dutr.

1 / d.

0 O

0 3

0 I 9

1 6 0

0 0 9

0 0 1

0 1.

0 1 3

0 0 a

0 6 e

0 0 1

0 4 0

0 0 a

0 1 6

0 4 4

0 0 a

0 0 a

0 7 10

0 0 8

0 1 0

0 a so

0 3 0

a 17 8

0 a t

0 18 0

0 0 3

0 a 0

1 a 0

0 3 7

0 6 5

0 1 3

0 0 xo

0 2 5

0 3 4

0 X 0

0 6 9

0 0.a

0 S

0 a

0 1 VO

0 0 t

0 6 0

0 0 4

0 t 4

0 % 0

0 a a

0 a 4

0 S 6

0 3 8

03 0

«9#

Gum,

348 C. 43.

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

Table A., continued.

INWARDS,

Cunij continued.

- Elenii, the Hundred Pounds

- Guiaci, the Hundred Pounds

- Opoponax, the Pound

- Sai drake, the Hundred Weight --- Seacga, the Hundred Weight

- Tragaganth, the Pound

Hair, viz.

- > Cow or Ox Hair, the Hundred Weight «--- Goats Hair, the Pound

- Horse Hair, the Hundred Pounds - — — Human Hair, the Pound Handspikes, See Wood.

Hartfhoms, the Hundred Hats, viz.

- Bast or Straw Hats or Bonnets, the Dozen — -r Chip, Cane, or Horse Hair, Hats or Bonnets, the Dozen Hemp, rough or undressed, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weigh Hermoda&ylus, the Pound Hides, viz.

- Cow or Ox Hides in the Hair, the Piece

- Horse Hides in the Hair, the Piece

- Indian Hides undressed, the Piece

- Lofti Hides, the Hundred Pounds

Muscovy or Russia Hides tanned, the Pound Hones, the Hundred

Honey, the Barrel, containing 42 Gallons Hoops for Coopers, .See Wood.

Horn Tips, the Hundred Horns of Cows or Oxen, the Hundred Hotfes, Mares, or Geldings, each Incle, viz.

- Unwrought, or Short Spinnel, the Pound

-t Wrought the Dozen Pounds Indico, viz.

- Of the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation, the Hundred Pounds

- Of the Produce of any Part of the United States of America, the Hundred Pounds

- Of the Produce of any other Country or Place, the Hundred Pounds

Ink for Printers, the Hundred Weight -

Ireos, the Hundred Weight -

Iron, viz.

- in Bars or unwrought, the Ton, containing twenty Hundred Weight

- Cast, the Ton, containing twenty Hundred Weight

*1 — Hpops, the Hundred Weight.-

- Ore, the Ton, containing twenty Hundred Weight

- Pig Iron, the Ton, containing twenty Hundred Weight

- flit, or hammered into Rods, and Iron drawn or hammered less than

the Ton, containing twenty. Hundred Weight Isinglass, the Hundred Pounds Juice of Lemons, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons Juice of Limes, the Gallon

Juniper Berries, the Hundred Weight Kelp, the Ton, containing twenty Hundred Weight Knees of Oak, See Wo d.

Lace, viz. Bone Lace of Thread, th* Dozen Yards -

Lampblack, the Hundred Weight.

Lathwood, See Wood.

Latten, viz. Shaven Latten, the Hundred Weight -

Lavender Flowers, the Hundred Pounds Lead, viz.

- Black Lead, the Hundred Weight

- Red Lead, the Hundred Weight

--White Lead, the Hundred Weight

Leaves of Roses, the Hundred Pounds

3>4ths of an Inch square.

DUTY.

£ s. d.

09©

O 8 4

O 0 5

0 2 10

0 5 >o

0 0 2

0 1 10

0 0 2

0 10 0

0 0 3

0 5

0 0 4

0 0 4

0 0 1

o o o o o o o 10 o o o 2 o 11

6

6

5

0

1 o o

006

0 I 4 Oil o

001

o 3

o i8- o

0 12 o

1 7 o

O 2 IO Ol6

o3 o 066 016 O I 10 046

O 12

0 7 0 o 15 6 0 0 2 OIO

046

o 14 o 026

060

018

009

0X0

O I 3

030

Lemons,

A. IX aS6

GEORGII m.

C. 43.'

Table A. continued,

INWARDS.

Lemons, the Thousand

Lignum Vitae, See Wood.

Linen, m.

- Cambricks and French Lawns, the Half Piece> containing Sir Ells and a Half

- Canvas, viz.

' Hejfens Canvas or Dutch Barras, the 120 Ells -

Packing Canvas, Guttings, Spruce, Elbing, or Queensborough Canvas, the 120 Ells

DUTY.

£ d.

o 3 IO

Damask Napkining, of Silesia making, the Yard

- Tabling, of Silesia making, the Yard

- Napkining, of the Manufacture of France or Holland\ the Yard

Tabling, of the Manufacture of France or Holland, the Yard

- Diaper Napkining, of Silesia making, the Yard

of the Manufacture of Holland, the Yard

Tabling, of Silefa making, the Yard

Drillings and Pack Duck, the 120 Ells Flanders and Holland Linen, plain, not exceeding one Ell f in Breadth, the 120 Ells Germany Switzerland^ East Country (except and Silefa, Cloth, plain, viz.

- not^bove 31 j Inches in Breadth, the 120 Ells

above 31$ Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding 36 Inches, the 120 Ells above 36 Inches in Breadth, the 120 Ells

Hinder lands brown, under 224 Inches in Breadth, the 120 Ells

Lawns, viz.

- Silesia, and all other Lawns plain (except French Lawns) not bleached in Hollandy

the Piece not exceeding 8 Yards in Length -

- Silef a, and all other Lawns plain (except French Lawns) bleached in Holland, the Piece not exceeding 8 Yards in Length -

- RuJJhx Linen plain, viz.

- Towelling and Napkining of the Manufacture of Ruffa, not exceeding 22j Inches

in Breadth, the 120 Ells -

; — Narrow Russia Linen, not otherwise enumerated, not exceeding 22f Inches in Breadth, the 120 Ells -

...Linen.Cloth and Diaper of Rujfa, exceeding 22} Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding Inches, the 120 Ells -

- Linen. Cloth and Diaper of Ruffiay exceeding 31 j Inches in Breadth, and not cx7' cecding 36 Inches, - the 120 Ells -

- Linen Cloth and Diaper of RuJJiay exceeding \6 Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding 45 Inches, the 120 xils -

Linen Cloth and Diaper of Rnjfay exceeding 45 Inches in Breadth, the 120 Ells

Sail Cloth, the 120 Ells

Liquorice Root, the Hundred Weight

Logwood, See Wo<*l.

Lupines, the Hundred Weight -

Lutcftrings or Catlings, the Gross, containing x 2 Dozen Knots Mace, the Pound -

Madder, viz.

- Mull Madder, the Hundred Weight — Madder of any other Sort, the Hundred Weight Madder Roots, the Hundred Weight

Mahogany, See Wood.

Manna, the Hundred Pounds -

Maps, each -

Marmclade, the Pound -

Mastic White, the Hundred Pounds -

Marts, See Wood.

Mats of Rvffiay the Hundred -

Matting, the Yard -

MelaHes, the Hundred Weight Mercury Sublimate, the Pound -

Metal, v«. Leaf Metal, the Hundrad Packets Morels, the Pound -

Moss, viz. Rock Moss, the Ton, containing 20 Hundred Weight Mum, the Barrel, containing 32 Gallons Myrrh, the Hundred Pounds Z - m

Necklaces of Glass, the Gross, containing f 2 Bundles, or Dickers, each Bundle or Dicker containing 12 Necklaces

6

0*9

0 1 10

0 0 2

c 0 4

0 0 2

0 0 i

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 0 3.

0 6 0

01. A.

0 3

0 8 0

0 12 4-

0 2 4

0 0 5.

Q 0 1.

O 2 3

O 1 8

0" 4.4

O 6T 2

O 13 0

O 2 R

P 0 s;

O p 9.

O 1 2,

c j 0

0 2 8,

0 2 9

0 7 0

0 0 1

c 0 2-

0 11 0

p 2 3

0 0 1

0 1 3

0 0 3

0 2 0

0 0 3

c 15 10

0 2 10

090

0 1 6

Nicaragua

349

15°

i

C. 43.

42° GEORGII III.

Table A. continued. INWARDS.

A.D. 1802.

Nicaragua Wood, Sec Wood.

Nutmegs, the Pound -

Nuts, vie.

- Chesnuts, the Bushel

--Small Nuts, the Bushel

Oaker, the Bushel Oakham, the Hundred Weight OakPlarrk, See Wood.

Oars, See Wood.

Oil, viz.

Oil -of Almonds, the Hundred Pounds — - Anniseed, the Pound

- Bay, the Hundred Weight

- Cam way, the Pound

Castor OI, the Gallon

- Chemical OS, not otherwise enumerated, the Pound — 03 of Cinnamon, the Pound

- Cloves, the Pound

- Hemp Seed, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons

- Juniper, the Hundred Pounds

" — --- Linseed, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons

Nutmegs, the Pound

DUTY.

£. A

o i a

Ordinary 03 of Olives, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons

)riganum, the Hundred Pounds Palm, the Hundred Weight

Perfumed 03, not otherwise enumerated, the Pound.03 of Petroleum, the Pound — Rhodium, the Pound

Rosemary, die Pound

- Sail ad 03, the Hundred Gallons

- Spermaceti Oil, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons

- 03 of Spike, the Pound

- Tnyme, the Pound

Turpentine, the Hundred Pounds

Vitriol, the Hundred Pounds

- Train 03 or Blubber, viz.

- Blubber of Newfoundland\ the Ton, containing 2£2 Gallons

- Blubber, not 01 Newfoundland, the Ton, containing 352 Gallons

- ' — Train Oil, Fish Oil, or Oil of Seals, or other Creatures living in the Seas, not other-

wife enumerated or described, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons Olibanum, or Incense, the Hundred Weight Olives, the Hogshead, containing 63 Gallons Onions, the Bushel Opium, the Pound Oranges, the Thousand Orange Flower Water, the Gallon Orcheila, the Hundred Weight Orpiment, the Hundred Weight Orfedew, the Dozen Pounds

Pearl Barley, or Barley hulled, the Hundred Weight Pears, the Bushel -- dried, the Bushel

Pepper, viz. Long Pepper, the Hundred Pounds Pickles, the Gallon Pictures, viz.

- of four Feet Square, or upwards, the Picture

- of two Feet Square, and under four Feet Square, the Picture

- under two Feet Square, the Picture

Pimento, the Hundred Pounds Fiflachia Nuts, the Hundred Pounds

Pitch, the Last of 12 Barrels, each Barrel containing 31! Gallons

Fix Burgundiae, the Hundred Weight Plafler of Paris, the Hundred Pounds

1

0 0 4

0 0 7

0 0 5

0 0 6

0 3 0

0 0 7

0 5 10

0 0 3

0 0 9

0 0 4

0 1 0

0 2 0

I 6 0

0 10 0

I 19 0

0 3 0

2 4

I 0 0

O 1 4

O 0 4

O 0 f

O 6 0

O 0 2

2 12 8

O 0 2

O 0 2

O r

O x 10

0 4 3

o 13

x

0

1

o

o

o

o

o

o

Q

O

o

o

o

o

s

3

4

4

4

o

3

1 10

0 9

1 2 o 4

4 0

o 3

2 8 o X 12 o o >6 o

0 2 3

0 2 0 038 0 0 9

001

Plate,

A.D. 180j.

GEORGII III.

Tabic A. continued.

INWARDS*

Plate, trtt.

- of Gold, wrought, the Ounce Troy

- of Silver, ungilt, the Ounce Troy «* — > — of Silver, part gilt, the Ounce Troy

of Silver, gilt, the Ounce Troy

Platters, See Wood.

Plumbs, dried, the Hundred Pounds Folypodium, the Pound Pomegranate Peels, the Hundred Weight Pomegranates, the Thousand

Pots, t>t*. Melting Pots for Goldsmiths, the Hundred Powder of Brass for Japanning, the Pound Powder, viz. Hair Powder, the Hundred Weight Prints, viz. Paper Prints, the Piece Pranefloes, the round Prunes, the Hundred Weight Quicksilver, the Pound Quills, viz.

- Goose Quills, the Thousand

- .Swan Quills, the Thousand

Radix Contrayerva, the Pound — Ipecacuana, the Pound - - Seneca, the Pound

- Serpentaria, the Pound

fit only to make Paper, the Ton, containing 20 Hundred Weight tims, vis.

- Denia Raisins, the Hundred Weight -

- «- — Faro Raisins, the Hundredweight

- Dexia Raisins, the Hundred Weight -

- Lipra, or Bdvidere Raisins, the Hundred Weight

- Smyrna Raisins, the Hundred Weight -

- Of the Sun, the Hundred Weight

- Raisins, not otherwise enumerated or deferred, the Hundred Weight

RedWood, See Wood.

Rhubarb, the Pound Rice, the Hundred Weight Rosin, the Hundred Weight Rom, See Spirits.

Baocartnn Saturni, the Hundred Pounds SaAower, the Hundred Weight Saffron, the Pound Sal Armooiac, the Pound

- Succxni, the Pound

- Tartan, the Pound Salop, the Pound

Sah, the Wey, containing 40 Bushels Bah Petre, the Hundred Weight Barfaparilla, the Hundred Pounds Saffrons, the Hundred Weight Salvages, the Pound Bcamotry, the Pound Bcoops t>f Wood, Sec Wood.

Seahorse Teeth, the Pound dBecfls, nw*.

- Anniseed, the Hundred Wright

- Canary Seed, the Hundred Wright

- Carraway Seed, the Hundred weight

- Clover Seed, the Hundred Wright

- Coriander Seed, the Hundred weight

- Cummin Seed, the Hundred Weight

- Fennel Seed, the Hundred Pounds

- Garden Seed, the Hundred Pounds

*______Hemp Seed, the Quarter, of right Bushels

- Lmfecd, the Bulba — Lucan Seed, "the Hundred Wright

C. 43.

DUTY.

£ r. J.

O 5 IO

O 0 3

O 0 4

O 0 5

O 6 a

O 0 1

O .4

O 1 2

O 0 3

P 4 3

O 0 3

O 0 3

O 2 6

O 0 2

O O 0 4 i

O 0 2

O 0 4

O 0 1

O 0 1

O 1 4

O 1 5

O 1 10

O 1 S

O 0 10

O 2 9

O 1 4

O 0 B

O 0 B

O 0 4

O 4 10

O 4 10

O 1 3

O 0 1

0 0 2

Q 0 I

O 0 2

O 1 O

Q 2 4

O 6 0

O 08

O 0 1

O 0 9

-O 0 2

a 2 3

P 2 10

0 0 9

0 2 9

0 0 10

0 1 6

0 3 0

0 4 10

0 0 5

0 0 3

0 3 0

Seed*,

35*

42* GEORGIMIL

A.D. 1802.

C. 43.

Tabic A. continued,

INWARDS.

Seeds, continued.

- Milliard Seed, the Hundred Weight

- Onion Seed, the Hundred Weight

- Rape Seed, the Quarter, containing eight Bushels

Sena, the Pound -

Shruff, the Hundred Weight -

Shovels of Wood, See Wood Shumack, the Hundred Weight*

Silk, viz.

- Knubs or Hulks of Silk, the Pound, containing 16 Ounces

- Raw Silk of Turkey, the Pound, containing 16 Ounces

- Raw Silk of any other Country, the Pound, containing 16 Ounces

- Thrown Silk, the Pound, containing 16 Ounces

- Walle Silk, the Pound, containing 16 Ounces

- Wrought Silk, viz* Crapes or Tiffanies, the Pound, containing 16 Ounces

Skins, viz.

- Badger Skins, undressed, the Piece

- Bear Skins, Black, undressed, the Piece ----- White, undressed, the Piece

- Beaver Skins, undressed, the Piece

- Calabar or Squirrel Skins, undressed, the Timber of 40 Skins

- Calve Skins undressed, the Dozen

- tanned, the Pound

- Cat Skins, undressed, the 100 Skins

- Coney Skins, undressed, the Dozen -

- Deer Skins, undressed, the Skin

- Deer Skins, Indian, half dressed, the Skin Dogflfh Skins, undressed, the Dozen

- Elk Skins, undressed, the Skin

- Ermin Skins, undressed, the Timber, containing 40 Skins

- Fisher Skins, undressed, the Piece

--Fitches, undressed, the Timber, of 40 Skins

- Fox Skins (not Black), undressed, the Skin

- Goat Skins, undressed, the Dozen tanned, the Dozen

Hare Skins, undressed, the 120 Kid Skins, undressed, the 100 Skins -dressed, the 100 Skins

Lamb Skins, undressed, in the Wool, the 120 dressed in Alum, the 100 Skins

- Slink Lamb Skins, in the Wool, the 120 — Leopard Skins, undressed, the Piece

- Lion Skins, undressed, the Piece

- Martin Skins, undressed, the Timber, containing 40 Skins

- Mink Skins, undressed, the Timber, containing 40 Skins

- Otter Skins, undressed, the Piece

- Ranther Skins, undressed, the Piece — Raccoon Skins, undressed, the 100 Skins

Seal Skins undressed, the Skin

- Sheep Skins, undressed, in the Wool, the Dozen dressed, in Oil, the Dozen

- otherwise dressed, the Dozen

- Squirrel Skins, See Calabar Skins.

Swan Skins, undressed, the Piece

- Tyger Skins, undressed, the Piece

- Weazel Skins, undressed, the 120

- Wolf Skins, undressed, the Piece Smalts, ' the Hundred Pounds Snuff, (lie Pound -

Soap, viz. Hard Soap, the Hundred Weight

Spars, See Wood.

SpiritSj viz.

- Brandy the Gallon«- j

Geneva, the Gallon -

Rum, the 100 Gallons

- Spirits, not otherwise enumerated or defended, the Gallon

v

DUTY.

£. I

0 0 6

0 5 P

0*5

0 0 2

0 2 8

0 0 10

0 0 I

0 0 I

0 0 j

0 0 9

0 0 2

0*3

0 0 2

0 1 0

0 1 0

0 0 3

0 0 9

0 1 2

0 0 1

0*3

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 1 0

0 0 7

0 1 6

00}

Ol8 0 0 3 Ol8

0 3 4

O3O o 3 10 O 3 10 o 3 10

0 3 0

0 0 8

0 1 1

0 0 5

0 4 4

0 11 6

0 0 6

0 1 1

0 10 10

0 0 2

O 0 5

0 0 2

0 0 8

0 0 3

0 .1 3

0 2 8

0 p 6

0 4 ip

0 0 1

0 2 6

0 0 3

0 0

0 18 0

003

Sponges,

A.T). 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 43.

Table A. continued*

INWARDS.

Sponges, the Pound

Squilla, the Hundred Weight»-

Starch, the Hundred Weight -

Staves, fee Wood.

Stavefacre, the Hundred Weight

Steel, viz.

- Gad Steel, the Hundred Weight -

- Long Steel, the Hundred Weight Stock Fish, the Hundred and Twenty Stones, viz.

- Basons, Tables, Mortars, and other polished Marble, the superficial Foot

- Blocks of Marble, the solid Foot -

- Dog Stones, not exceeding four Feet in Diameter, above six Inches, and under twelve Inches in Thickness, the Last containing three Pair

- Emery Stones, the Ton, containing twenty Hundred Weight

- Grave Stones of Marble, polished, the Foot Square, superficial Measure

- Grave Stones of Marble, unpolished, the Foot Square, superficial Measure

- Grave Stones not of Marble, the Foot Square, superficial Measure

- Mill Stones, above four Feet in Diameter, or if twelve Inches in Thickness, or upwards,

the Piece -

- Paving Stones, of Marble, rough or polished, the Foot Square, superficial Measure

- Paving Stones, not of Marble, the 100 Feet Square, superficial Measure

- Pomice Stones, the Ton, containing twenty Hundred Weight

- Quern Stones, large, three Feet, and not above four Feet in Diameter, and not exceeding

six Inches in Thickness, the Last, containing three Pair

- Quern Stones, small, under three Feet in Diameter, and not exceeding six Inches in Thick-

ness, the Last, containing three Pair

- Slates, in Frames, the Dozen -

- Whctstones, the Hundred

Storax Calamita, the Pound

- Liquida, the Pound -

Sturgeon, the Keg Succades, the Pound Succus Liquoritiac, the Hundred Weight Tails, mix. Martin's Tails, undressed, the Hundred Tallow, the Hundred Weight Tamarinds, the Hundred Weight

Tar, the Last, containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31} Gallons Terras, the Bushel Thread, viz.

- Bridges Thread, the Dozen Pounds — Sifters Thread, the Pound Timber, fee Wood.

Tobacco, the Hundred Pounds -

Tortoiftiell, the Pound

Tow, the Ton, containing 20 Hundred Weight

Trays of Wood, fee Wood.

Treenails, fee Wood.

Truffles, the Pound

Tubs of Wood, fee Wood.

Turmeric, the Hundred Pounds

Turpentine, Common, the Ton, containing 20 Hundred Weight Twist, for Bandftrings, the Doxen Knott Valonia, the Hundred Weight Varnish, the Hundred Weight Verdigrease, viz.

- Common, the Hundred Pounds

- Crystallized, the Hundred Pounds

Vermillion, the Pound -

Vinegar, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons Vinefloes, the Pound -

Umber, the Hundred Weight -

Wainscot Logs, See Wood.

Walnuts, the Bushel

Water, viz. Pyrmont Water, the Dozen Bottles or Flasks, not exceeding three Pint*

42 Geo. III. Zz

DUTY.

s. d.

0 4

0 4

t 3

4 8

2 0

1 10

0 3

0 4

1 X

6 4

2 0

0 10

0 2

0 2

12 X

0 1

1 0

9 2

4 zo

2 5

0 3

0 4

0 1

0 2

0 8

0 2

3 6

0 X

1 xo

1 0

2 XI

0 2

7 IO

1 IX

3 0

0 5

*3 9

2 9

2 0

O 11

0

8 2

9 0

0 4

19 8

0 to

0 7

0 4

0 4

Wajr,

354

C. 43-

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

Tabic A. continued.

INWARDS,

Wax, viz.

- Bees Wax, White, or manufactured, the Hundred Weight -

- Unmanufactured, the Hundred Weight

Weld, the Hundred Weight -

Whalefins, the Hundred Weight -

Wine, viz.

--French Wine, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons

- Madeira Wine, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons

- Rhentjh, German, Hungary Wine, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons

- Spanish, Portugal^ and all other Wines not otherwise enumerated, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons

Wire, viz.

- Brass or Copper Wire, the Hundred Weight -

- Virginal Wire of Brass or Copper, the Hundred Weight Virginal Wire of Iron, the Hundred Weight

Woad, viz.

Green Woad, the Hundred Weight -

7'houloufe Woad, the Hundred Weight -

Wood, viz.

- Anchor Stpcks imported from any Part of Europe, the Piece

Balks, imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

- five Inches Square, and under eight Inches Square, or if twenty-four Feet in Length

or upwards, the 120 -

under five Inches Square, and under twenty-four Feet in Length, the 120

DUTY.

Battens.imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

- eight Feet in Length, and not exceeding twenty Feet in Length, not above seven

Inches in Width, and not exceeding 2$ Inches in Thickness, the 120 ----- exceeding twenty Feet in Length, not above seven Inches in Width, or if exceeding 2} Inches-in Thickness, the 120 Batten Ends imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

- under eight Feet in Length, not above seven Inches in Width, and not exceeding Inches in Thickness , the 120

- under eight Feet in Length, not above seven Inches in Width, and exceeding

2j Inches in Thickness, the 120 Beech Quarters imported from any Part of Europe, viz. under five Inches Square, and under twenty-four Feet in Length, the 120.Boards imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

- Clap Boards, not exceeding five Feet three Inches in Length, and under eight

Inches Square, the 120

- Oak Boards, under two Inches in Thickness, and under fifteen Feet in Length, the 120

- under two Inches in Thickness, and if fifteen Feet in Length, or upwards, the 120 -

- Pailing Boards, hewed on one Side, and not exceeding seven Feet in Length, the 120

- hewed on one Side, and exceeding seven Feet in Length, the 120

' — Pipe Boards, above five Feet three Inches in Length, and not exceeding eight Feet in Length, and under eight Inches Square, the 1*0 ----- Scale Boards, the Hundred Weight -

- Wainscot Boards, the Inch or Foot, containing twelve Feet in Length, and one

Inch in Thickness

Box Wood, ^he Ton, containing twenty Hundred Weight-Brazil Wood, the Ton, containing twenty Hundred Weight Brazilletto Wood, the Ton, containing twenty Hundred Weight Cam Wood, the Ton, containing twenty Hundred Weight Deals imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

- above seven Inches in Width, exceeding twenty Feet in Length, and not exceeding

four Inches in Thickness, the 120

- ' above seven Inches in Width, exceeding twenty Feet in Length, and exceeding four Inches in Thickness, the 120

- above seven Inches in Width, being eight Feet in Length, and not above twenty Feet

in Length, and not exceeding 3$ Inches in Thickness, the 120

- not above ten Feet in Length, and not exceeding ij Inchin Thickness, the 120

Deal Ends, imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

- above seven Inches in Width, being under eight Feet in Length, and not

exceeding 3! Inches in Thickness, the 120 -

" - above seven Inches in Width, being under eight Feet in Length, and exceeding 3 J Inches in Thickness, the 120

£ s. d.

O 7 3

O 5 9

O 0 i ro

O 1 9

4 4 0

3 3 0

44 6

2 2 0

0 10 6

0 12 0

090

0 0 10

0 1 0

0 0 8

1 11 0

0 8 9

0 6 8

03 4

0 2 6

0 5 8

0 5 4

0 7 10

0 7 4

0 14 8

0 1 6

0 3 8

0 12 3

0 0 7

0 0 4

0 19 3

2 17 6

0 10 3

1 3 4

2 15 0

4 H 2

0 11 3

o 5

o 4

S

068

Wood,

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

Table A. continued.

INWARDS.

Wood, continued1

- Ebony, the Ton, containing twenty Hundred Weight

- Fire Wood, imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

- the Fathom, fix Feet Wide, and fix Feet High

- Fuftic, the Hundred Weight

- Handspikes, imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

- under seven Feet in Length, the 120

seven Feet in Length, or upwards, the 120

Hoops for Coopers, imported from any Part of Europe, the IOOOO Knees of Oak, imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

- five Inches Square, and under eight Inches Square, the 120

under five Inches Square, the 120

Lathwood, imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

- in Pieces under five Feet in Length, the Fathom fix Feet Wide, and fix Feet

High -

- in Pieces five Feet in Length, or upwards, the Fathom fix Feet Wide, and fix

*.Feet High.:

Lignum Vitae, the Ton, containing 20 Hundred Weight Log Wood, the Ton, containing 20 Hundred Weight Mahogany, the Ton, containing 20 Hundred Weight Malls imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

- six Inches in Diameter, and under eight Inches, the Mail

- eight Inches in Diameter, and under twelve Inches, the Mail

--twelve Inches in Diameter, or upwards, the Load, containing fifty Cubic Feet

of the Produce of, and imported from, any Part of the United States of America, viz.

- six Inches in Diameter, and under eight Inches, the Mail

- eight Inches in Diameter, and under twelve Inches, the Mail

- twelve Inches in Diameter, or upwards, the Load, containing fifty Cubic Feet

- Nicaragua Wood, the Ton, containing 20 Hundred Weight

- Oak Plank imported from any Part of JZurope, viz, two Inches in Thickness, or upwards,

the Load, containing fifty Cubic Feet -

- Oars imported from any Part of Europe, the 120

t Platters imported from any Part of Europe, the Dozen

- Red or Guinea Wood, the Ton, containing 20 Hundred Weight -^Scoops imported from any Part of Europe, the Dozen

- Shovels imported from any Part of Europe, the Dozen

- Spars imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

- under twenty-two Feet in Length, and under four Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, the 120 -

- twenty-two Feet in Length, or upwards, and under four Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, the 120

four Inches in Diameter, and under six Inches, exclusive of the Bark, the 120 six Inches in Diameter, or upwards, fee Malls.

Staves imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

- not exceeding thirty-six Inches m Length, not above three Inches in Thickness, and

not exceeding seven Inches in Breadth, the 120

-.above thirty-six Inches in Length, and not exceeding fifty Inches in Length, not above

three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding seven Inches in Breadth, the 120

- above fifty Inches in Length, and not exceeding sixty Inches in Length, not above three

Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding seven Inches in Breadth, the 120 above sixty Inches in Length, and not exceeding seventy-two Inches in Length, not above three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding seven Inches in Breadth, the 120

above seventy-two Inches in Length, not above three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding seven Inches in Breadth, the 120 - - of the Produce of, and imported from, any Part of the United States of America, viz.

- not exceeding thirty-six Inches in Length, not above three Inches in Thickness, and

not exceeding seven Inches in Breadth, the 120 — above thirtyrfix Inches in Length, and not exceeding fifty Inches in Length, not above three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding seven Inches in Breadth, the 120

- above fifty Inches in Length, and not exceeding sixty Inches in Length, not above three

Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding seven Inches in Breadth, the 120 above-sixty Inches in Length, and not exceeding seventy-two Inches in Length, not

above three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding seven Inches in Breadth, the 120

- above seventy-two Inches in Length,'not above three Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding seven Inches in Breadth, the 120

c 43*

DUTY.

£ X. d.

O 12 9

O O 7

O O 9

O I 4

O I 4

O I 4

O II 5

O 2 5

O 3 9

O 5 6

O 6 8

O 5 6

O3 0

O 0 8

O 1 4

O 7 7

O 0 8

O 1 4

O 7 7

O 16 0

O 6 8

O 13 9

O 0 3

I 6 0

O 0 2

O 0 2

O 4 3

O 8 7

O7 10

O 1 9

O 3 5

O 4 9

O 6 4

O 6 4

O 0 9

O 0 9

O 1 3

O 1 8

O 2 2

Wood,

356

C. 43.

GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

Table A. continued,

INWARDS.

Wood, continued1 - Timber, viz*.

- Fir Timber, viz,

- " eight Inches Square, and not exceeding ten Inches Square, of the Growth of

Norway, and imported directly from thence, the Load, containing fifty Cubic Feet -

- exceeding ten Inches Square, of the Growth of Norway, and imported dire£Uy

from thence, the Load, containing fifty Cubic Feet — ' eight Inches Square, or upwards, imported from any other Part of Europe, the Load, containing fifty Cubic Feet --Oak Timber, imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

- eight Inches Square, or upwards, the Load, containing fifty Cubic Feet -

- Oak Timber, the Produce of, and imported from, any Part of the United States of

America, viz.

- eight Inches Square, or upwards, the Load, containing fifty Cubic Feet

Trays of Wood, the Shock, containing sixty

- Trenails, the Thousand

- Tubs of Wood, the Dozen -

- Wainscot Logs, imported from any Part of Europe, viz.

- eight Inches Square, or upwards, the Load, containing fifty Cubic Feet

Wool, viz.

- Cotton Wool, of the Growth or Production of Turkey, the Hundred Pounds

- of the Growth or Production of any Part of the United States of America, the

Hundred Pounds of the Growth or Production of any of the British Colonies or Plantations, the

Hundred Pounds

- of the Growth or Production of any other Country or Place, the Hundred

Pounds

DUTY.

0 1$

0 2 0 0 2 2 O46

o 3 4 005 020 004

079

o 7 10 o 7 10

o 10 6

Hares Wool, the Hundred Pounds

o 15 o 2 o o

8

o

5

Wormfeed, the Pound Yarn, viz.

--Cotton Yarn, the Hundred Pounds- o

- Mohair Yarn, the Pound - - - o

Yellow Berries, the Hundred Weight - - o

Zedoaria, the Pound - 00

All other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever, not herein particularly enumerated or described, not being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies (except such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which, by any special Provision, in this Act! are exempt from the Duty hereby imposed), for every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof - - - 3 12

O

9

TABLE B.

A TABLE of new and additional Duties of Customs payable on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein, enumerated or described, imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies. '

DUTY.

INWARDS. £. s. d.

Callicoes, viz. Plain White Callicoes — Dimity, viz. Plain White Dimity — Mullins plain — Nanquin Cloth — Mullins or White Callicoes, flowered or Hitched — Cotton Manufactures, not otherwise enumerated or described — and all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, prohibited^ ip be worn or used in Great Britain, imported for Exportation only; — for every Hundred Pounds, of the true and real Value thereof, according to the Gross Price at which such.

Goods IHall have been sold at the publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, without any Deduction therefrom, except so much as the Duties of Customs due and payable on such Goods respectively shall amount to - 3 12 O

Indico, for every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, according to the Gross Price at which it shall have been sold at the publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies - -3120

Cotton Wool, for every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, according to the Gross Price at which it shall have been sold at the publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies - -4160

Coffee, the Hundred Weight - -040

Cocoa Nuts, the Hundred Weight»034

TABLE

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

43> 44

357

TABLE C.

A TABLE of new and additional Duties of Customs payable on the Exportation from Great Britain of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or described.

pUTY.

OUTWARDS. £. s. d.

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacttire, of Great Britain (except such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which by any special Provision in this Act are exempt from the Duty hereby imposed) exported to any Part of Europe, or to any Port or Place within the Streights of Gibraltar, for every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof - o IQ q

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of Great Britain (except such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which by any special Provision in this Act are exempt from the Duty hereby imposed) exported to anvPort or Place whatever, not being in Europe, or within the Streights of Gibraltar, or within the Limits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof - - - i. o a

TABLE D.

A TABLE of Tonnage Duties payable on Ships and Vessels entering Outwards or Inwards (except hr Ballad), in any Port of Great Britain, to or from Foreign Parts.

TONNAGE DUTY.

DUTY.

d.

o o 6

- o

- o

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except in Ballad)* to or from the Blands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney, and Man, the Greenland Seas, and the Southern Whale Fishery.

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except in Ballad), to or from any Port or Place within the Streights of Gibraltar - For every Ton Burthen of every Ship ok Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except in Ballad), to or from any Port or Place in Russia, or within the Baltic Sea

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except in Ballad), to or from any other Port or Place in Europe

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except in Ballad), to or from.any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except in Ballad), to or from the Cape of Good Hope -

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except in Ballad), to or hum any Port or Place in Africa, not otherwise enumerated or described For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except in Ballad), to or from the IHand of Newfoundland, the Blands of Cape Breton and St. John, and the Coad of Labrador

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except in Ballad), to or from any Port or Flace in the United States of America, any British Bland, Colony, or Plantation in America, or any other Part of America not otherwise described

In all Cases in which any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, are charged in any or either of the Schedules^ according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure, the Duties granted by this Act shall be edimated and charged in Proportion upon any greater or lcis Quantity than that specified.

-OS

o

- O I o

o o 6

- o

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for permitting French Wines to be imported into Great Britain in Bottles or Flaflcs, under certain Restrictions.

[7th May 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for repealing the several Duties of Custows and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the publick Revenue; for permitting the Imborta-

tion of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain uncWimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt, the Importation of French Wine into Great Britain was

allowed for a limited Time, on Py-ment of certain Duties therein enumerated: And whereas the said Time has expired, and it is expedient that French Wine should be allowed to be imported under certain Restrictions; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever to import or bring into Great Britain, as well for Sale as for Private Use, directly from France any French Wines in Bottles r Flaflcs, on Payment of the several and respective Duties inserted, described, and set forth in the Table and

Schedule

[$i f c. 50 nftVs SrjT.nn, §2, <H to Sugar.J

27 G. 3. C.Itr f. 22.

Perch Wines in Pollies or Halts may be imported in b: i-

A.D. 1802.

358 C. 44, 45, 46. 42° GEORGII III.

lift or French ships on Payment of the Duties in Schedules C. and F. of le-cited Act, and all other Duties imposed thereon; under the Regulations in recited Act, See. Such Wine ft.til be imported only in Packages of fix Dozen st least of C^iurt Bottles or Fl.ifks on Pain of Forfeiture, either under this Act

Schedule annexed to the said recited Act, marked C. and F., and all other Duties of Customs or Excise now due and payable on the Importation of such Wines by any other Act or Acts of Parliament: Provided always, that such Wines shall be imported in British built Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, or in French built Ships or Vessels, owned by and belonging wholly to Natives of Franee, and whereof the Mailer and three-fourths of the Mariners at the lead are Natives of France, and in such Manner, and under and according to such and the like Rules, Regulations, Conditions, and Restrictions, and subject to such and the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as are provided and enacted in the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Duties of Cuiloms and Excise, so far as the same are applicable thereto.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing contained in this Act, or in an Act passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for permitting French Wines to be imported into this Kingdom from the Isles of Guerafev, Jersey, or Alderney, in Bottles or Flafhs, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to permit the Importation of any French Wines in Bottles or Flasks, other than in Packages, each of which shall contain at the lead fix Dozen reputed Quart Bottles or Flasks; and in case any French Wines in Bottles or Flasks shall be imported in any other Way, Form, or Manner, or in any less Quantity, the same shall and are hereby declared to be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs.

or 39 and 40 G. 3. c. 83.

Irift Act,

37 G. 3. c. 51.

Recited Act shall have Continuance until three Months af ter reafing of Rrfbiiflijii on the Bank of England (fee c

CAP. XLV.

An Act to continue, until three Months after any Restriction imposed by any Act of the present Session of Parliament on the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payments shall cease, an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland.

[7th May 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for confirming and continuing, for a limited Time, the Restrictions contained in the Minute of Council of the second Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on Payments in Cash by the Bank, it is amongd other Things enacted, that it shall not be lawful for the Governor and

Company of the Bank of Ireland to issue any Calli in Payment of any Debt or Demand whatsoever, except

according to the Provisions therein contained; and that the said Act shall be in force and have Continuance until three Months after the Restriction imposed by an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payments shall cease, unless the Lord Lieute-

nant or Privy Council of Ireland should by an Order of Council direct that the said Restriction on the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland should sooner cease: And whereas it is expedient to continue for a

further Time the said Act; ' may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act shall have Continuance until three Months after any Restriction, imposed or to be imposed by any Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland made or to be made in this Session of Parliament, on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from issuing Calli in Payments, shall cease, unless the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council of Ireland shall by an Order of Council direct that the said Restriction on the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall sooner cease.

40. of this Session), unless an Order in Council shall direct otherwise.

" Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §2."

CAP. XLVI.

[20 G. 3. C. 36.]

43 Eli*, c. 2.

Overseers of the Poor shall keep a Rook for entering the Name of every Ap-

An Act to require Overseers and Guardians of the Poor, to keep a Register of the several Children who shall be bound or assigned by them as Apprentices; and to extend the Provisions of an Act, passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to the binding of Apprentices by Houses of Industry, or Establishments for the Poor, which have been authorized so to do by subsequent Acts.

[7th May 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor, the Overseers of the Poor of every Parish are enabled to bind out any poor Children as Apprentices, until every such poor Male Child shall attain the Age of twenty-four Years, and until every such Female Child shall attain the Age of twenty-one Years, or the Time of her Marriage: And whereas it would tend to the Benefit of the Children so bound as Apprentices, if the Overseers of the Poor were required to keep a Register of all Children who shall be so bound; may it therefore pkafe your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Overseers of the Poor of every Parish, Township, or Place appointed by virtue of the said recited Act, passed in the forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, shall, from and after the first Day of June, and they are hereby required to provide and keep a Book or Books, at the Expence of the said Parish, Township, or Place, and to enter or cause to be entered therein, the Name of every

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 46.

Child who shall be bound out by them respectively as an Apprentice, together with the several other Particulars, in Manner and Form required by this Act, according to the Schedule hereunto annexed; and every such Entry, when made in the said Register, shall be produced and laid before the two Justices of the Peace who shall signify their A (Tent to the Indenture of Apprenticeship of every such Child, at the Time when such Indenture shall be laid before such Justices for their Assent, as required by the said recited Act; and each Entry in the said Register shall, if approved of by such Justices, be signed by them according to the Form marked in the Schedule hereunto annexed.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Overseer or Overseers of the Poor shall refuse or neglect to provide and keep such Book or Books or to make such Entry therein as before directed, or shall destroy, or permit, suffer, or cause to be defttoyed, any such Book or Books, or shall wilfully and knowingly obliterate, deface, or alter any such Entry, so that the same shall not be a true Entry of the several Particulars hereby required, or shall wilfully and knowingly make a false Entry therein, or shall so permit, suffer, or cause the same to be done, or shall not produce or lay such Book or Books before such Justices as aforesaid for their Signatures, or shall not deliver or tender, or cause to be delivered or tendered, such Book or Books to his, her, or their Successor or Successors in Office, within fourteen Days after the Appointment of such Successor or Successors, or if any such Successor or Successors shall refuse or neglect to receive the same when offered or tendered to him or them by his or their Predecessor or Predecessors in Office, then and in every such Case, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, on being convicted thereof before any two Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, on the Oath of any credible Witness (which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer), or on the voluntary Confession of the Party or Parties, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding five Pounds, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the Justices before whom the Offender or Offenders shall be cenvided, and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deduCling the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling such Distress; and such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be applied for the Use of the Poor of the Parish, Toumship, or Place, for which such Offender or Offenders shall be Overseer or Overseers; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, and they are hereby required to commit every such Offender to the common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month, unless such Penalties and Forfeiture^ shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

III. And be it further cnaCle: !, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, at all seasonable Hours, to inspect such Book or Books in the Hands of the said Overseer or Overseers, and to take a Copy of such Entry in such Book or Books, upon Payment of the Sum of Sixpence, except in case of any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County, who shall be entitled at all such Times to inspect such Book gratis; and every such Book shall be and be deemed to be sufficient Evidence in all Courts of Law whatsoever, in Proof of the Existence of such Indentures, and also of the several Particulars specified in the said Register respecting such Indentures, iacafc it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Court that the said Indentures are loft or have been destroyed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace before whom any Person shall be con-viCled by virtue of this ACT, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form; ( videlicet),

4 J^E it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

4 A.B. is convicted before us, two of his Majesty's Justices of the

Peace for the \_specifying the OJpncet and the Time and Place when and where committed, as the Case may be] contrary to an Act made in the forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here set forth tie Title of this sift. J Given under our Hands and Seals the Day and Year above

mentioned/

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever any such Apprentice shall be assigned or bound over to any other Master or Mistress by virtue of an Act, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Regulation of Parish Apprentices, then and in every such Case, the Overseer or Overseers, Party or Parties to the Assignment of such Apprentice, shall insert the Name and Residence of the Master or Mistress to whom such Apprentice shall be assigned or bound over as aforesaid, together with the other Particulars, in the Book or Books herein directed to be provided and kept by such Overseer or Overseers; and for Non-performance thereof, every such Overseer or Overseers shall be liable to the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures incurred by this Act, in like Manner as if such Apprentice had been originally bound to such Master or Mistress.

VI. And whereas by different ACTs of Parliament the like Powers are given to certain Persons therein named, for binding out Parish Apprentices, as are given to the Overseers of the Poor; be it therefore enacted, That such several Persons shall be subject to the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures for Non-compliance with the several Provisions and Directions in this Act contained, for registering any Parish Apprentice bound out or assigned by them respectively, to which Overseers of the Poor are subject and liable by virtue of this Act, for Non compliance with such Provisions and Directions.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or

2 Persons

359

prentice bound out by them, and each Entry shall be signed by two Justices, according to the Form in the Schedule.

Penalty for not providing such Book, or neglecting to make (util Entries therein, &c. not exceeding 5l. leviable by Distress, &c.

Book* may be infptdcc, and shall be deemed Evidence.

Form of Conviction.

When Ap-picntK ts shall be assigned under $2 G. 3. c. 7. a like Entry thejcut shell be made in the said Book.

This Ait extended to Persons hai ing like Powers as Overifiers.

Appeal may be m idr* to Quarter Sessions.

360

A.D. 1802.

C. 46, 47. 42° GEORGII III.

The Pavers of

io G 3. c. 36. shall extend to poor Children bound Apprentices under the Authority of any subsequent Act.

Persons to appeal to the Justices at the first General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County or Place where the Cause of Appeal shall arise, within four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Appeal shall have arisen, on giving to the Person or Persons appealed against ten Days Notice of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices at such Sessions are hereby authorized and required to hear and determiue the Matter of such Appeal in a fumraary Way, and to grant such Colls and Expences to either Party as to them shall seem reasonable.

VIII. And whereas by an Act, passed in the twentieth Year of his present Majesty, the Powers which were given by several preceding Acts of Parliament to bind poor Children Apprentices are, by the said Act of the twentieth Year of his Majesty, extended as to the Power of compelling Persons to receive and provide for such poor Children as Should be appointed to be bound Apprentices to them in pursuance of the said prior Acts: And whereas fmee that Time several Acts have passed by which Houses of Industry, or Establishments for the Poor, have been authorized to bind Apprentices; and Doubts have arisen whether the Powers and Provisions in the said Act of the twentieth of his Majesty, will extend to the Case of Apprentices so bound out under the Authority of such subsequent Acts; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Powers and Provisions in the said recited Act of the twentieth of his Majesty contained, shall extend and are hereby extended, and shall have full Effect, to poor Children bound Apprentices under the Authority of any Acts passed since the said recited Act, in the same Manner as if such Acts had passed prior to the said recited Act of the twentieth of his Majesty.

FORM of the REGISTER,

Number. Date of Indenture. Name of the Apprentice. Sex. Age. His O', hei Pa.ents Names Their Rcfi- dente. Name of Persons to whom l>ound or .ifltgned, as the Case may be. Hit or her Trade. 1 His or her Re-fidence. Term of the Ap-prentice-ship or Alignment. Apprentice or Alignment Fee. Overseers Paities to the Indenture or Alignment. Magistrates alien ting.

1 (to he signed by themselves.)

CAP. XLVII.

ISeee. giving an additional Bounty.]

The Stamp Duty only shall be allowed on such Bonds. (See §8. of 41 G. 3. (U.K.J c. 44.)

An Act to continue, until the twentieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three, and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament relating to certain Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, for permitting British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused, and for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported. [ 1 oth May 1802.]

4i Stat. 41 Geo. 3. (U.K.) cap. 44. recited and continued till May 10, 1803, for London, and May 20, 1803, 44 for other Parts of Great Britain. §1. If the Price of Sugar is under 70l. perCwt. on loth May, 10th sfugu/?9 44 and pth November 1802, respectively, Drawbacks shall be allowed: (in the terms ^41 Geo. 3. (U.K.). cap. 44 44. §3. and referring to the Schedule in that 43.) $ 2. — Until May 10, l8ot, Bonds for the Duties on Sugar imported after May 10, 1802, shall be payable with 5l. per Cent. Interest, within Jtx Months; and if the Duties are not paid within that Period (unless enlarged) the Sugars may be sold, f 3. — (In the terms of 44 41 Geo. 3. (U.K.) cap. 44. §6. except as to the Period of Time.) Commissioners of the Customs, if Sugars remain unfold, may renew such Bonds for three Months. §4. — (ExaSly in the terms of §7. of 4.1 Geo. (U.K.) "cap. 44.)

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to deduct and retain out of the Principal and Interest that may become due on any Bond that shall have been or shall be taken in pursuance of the said Act passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, or of the last Session of Parliament, or of this Act, the Stamp Duties only that shall have been paid on such Bond; any Thing in the said Act of the last Session of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

A.D. 1802. GEORGII III. C. 47, 48, 49.

VI. 4 And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Drawbacks and Allowances to be allowed and riven in respect of Sugar and Coffee exported from Great Britain to Ireland, fmee the passing of the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed; be it therefore enacted, That all the Duties that shall have been or shall be paid, or that shall have or shall become payable on the portation of Sugar and Coffee into Great Britain, shall be drawn back upon and in respect of all Sugar and Coffee that shall have beenfmee the passing of the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, or that shall be exported from Great Britain to Ireland; any Thing in the Act of the last Session of Parliament, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §7."

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to settle an Annuity of twelve thousand Pounds on his Royal High-ness the Duke of Sttffex, and a like Annuity of twelve thousand Pounds on his Royal Highness the: Duke of Cambridge, during his Majesty's Pleasure.

[24th May 1802.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain.

and Ireland in Parliament assembled, having taken into Consideration your Majesty's most Gracious Message, wherein your Majesty has been pleased to express your Deflre of making competent Provision for the, honourable Support and Maintenance of your dearly-beloved Sons the Duke of Stiffen and the Duke of Cambridge, which the Monies applicable to the Purposes of your Majesty's Civil Government would be infufih-cient to defray; do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King's most excellent Majesty, by any Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manuals to give and grant unto their Royal Highnesses the Duke of Sujjfex and the Duke of Cambridgenespectively, his Majesty's sixth and seventh Sons, for and during his Majesty's Royal Will and Pleasure, two several Annuities, .not exceeding to each of them twelve thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, which may severally comm, ncc and take effect from the fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and two, and shall be respe^.vtly paid quarterly, at the four usual Days of Payment in the Year 5 that is to say, the fifth Day of dpri, the fifth Day of July9 the tenth Day of 0Sober, and the fifth Day of January, in every Year; and that the said respective Annuities shall and may, by such Warrant or Warrants, be directed to be issued and.payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon, the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain: (after paying, or referring sufficient to pay, all such Sum and Sums of Money as hath or have been directed to be paid out of the same by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon and payable out of the said Fund).

II. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Annuities of twelve thousand Pounds each shall, during his Majesty's Royal Will and Pleasure, be paid and payable at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, out of the said Fund; and the Auditor of the said Receipt shall, and he is hereby required by virtue of such Warrant or Warrants, to make forth and pass Debentures, from Time to Time, for paying the said respective Annuities, as the same shall become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any Part thereof; and the respective Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts, of their said Royal Highnesses, or of such other Person or Persons as shall be by them respectively authorized and appointed to receive such respective Annuities, or any Part thereof, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment thereof; and the said Debentures to be made forth and passed upon the said Warrant or Warrants shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer nowand for the Time being, for the Payment of the said respective Annuities to their said Royal Highnesses, during the Continuance of the same, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that Behalf; and that the said respective Annuities so to be given and granted shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Rates, and Assessments, and all other Charges whatsoever.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia in England\ for the Year One thousand eight hundred and two.

[24th May 1802.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia in England, for one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every County, Riding or Place, in England, where the Militia is or shall be raised, the Receiver or Receivers-General of the Land Tax for such County, Riding, or Place respectively, shall issue and pay the whole Sums required, in the Manner and for the several Uses herein after mentioned; (that is to say), For the Pay of the said Militia, for four Calendar Months in Advance, at the Rate of six Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed; and at the Rate of one Shilling and Sixpence for each Serjeant resident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, with the Addition of two Shillings and Sixpence a Week for each Serjeant-major, where a Serjeaut-major is appointed; 42 Geo. III. 3 A and

361

Drawback of all

Duties paid on, Sugar and Coffee shall be allowed, on Exportation to Ireland.

His Majesty may grant to the Duke of Sujprr and the Duke of Cambridge, Annuities of 12, 000l. each, from Jan. 5, 1802, payable quarterly out of the British Con-'folidated Fund-

The Annuities shall be paid at the Exchequer without Fees; r.nd be free from all Taxe*.

Where the Militia is ot shall be raised, the Receiver-general of the County shall issue tour Months' Pay ia Advance.

Rate of P^j

wfeett rsfident sf Head (Quarters.

Salary to the Regimental and BattaliooClerkijt.

Rate of Pay when absenton Furlough.

The Money shall be paid by the Receiver-general to the Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion (except the Allowances to the Clerks of the Meetings), upon producing the Warrant of his Appointment} and for Independant Companies to the respective Captains, or to their Order; according to the legal Establishmenu (See e, 90. of this Session.) Further Payments shall be made every three Months. Receipts of the Parties shall discharge Re-ceivers-general.

The Clerks shall pay in Advance one Month's Pay to the Adjutant, and two Months Pay to each Captain for the Serjeants, &c.

Captains shall account for the same yearly,

and at die Rate of oae Shilling- a Day for each Drummer so resident as aforesaid, with the Addition of Sixpence a Day for each Drum-major* where a Drum-major is appointed \ and at the Rate of one Shilling and Two-pence a Day for each Corporal so resident as aforesaid; and also at the Rate of Four-pence a Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for .defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment, Bat t alios, and Independant Company of Militia, one Penny whereof shall be applied foedefraying the Hospital Expences of each Regiment, Battalion, or Independaxt Company, during the Time of the Men's being From Home upon Account of their annual Exercisie; and also for Half a Year's Salary for the Clerk of each. Regiment or Battalion of Militia belonging to such County, Riding, or Place, at the Rate of fifty Pounds a Year; and also for the respective Allowances to the Clerk of the General Meetings, and Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings, at the Rates following; (that is to say), To the Clerk of the General Meetings, at the Rate of five Pounds and five Shillings for each Meeting; and to the several Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, at the Rate of one Pound and one Shilling for each Meeting: Provided always, that where any Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, shall be absent on Fwriough or Licence* such Serjeant* Corporal, or Drummer, shall, during such Absence, receive the Rates following; that is to say. Every Serjeant the Stun of one Shilling; every Corporal the Sum of Eight-pence; and every Drummer the Sum of Sixpence per Day, respectively, and no more-

II. And be it enacted, That all such Sums of Money granted for the Pay of the Militia as aforesaid, except such a4 shall be due to the several Clerks of the Meetings aforesaid, shall, where the Militia has never been embodied, be paid by the fwd Receiver or Receivers-general of the Land Tax into the Hands of the Clerk or Clerks of the Regiments or Battalions of Militia belonging to such County, Riding, or Place, upon his or their producing his or their Warrant or Warrants of Appointment to such Office, under the Hand and Seal of his Majesty's Lieutenant for such respective County, Riding, or Place; and where the Militia has been embodied, into the Hands of the Clerk or Clerks of the Regiments or Battalions* upon his or their producing hit or their Warrant or Warrants of Appointment to such Office, under the Hand and Seal of the Colonel, or, where there is no Colonel, of the Commanding Officer of each Regiment or Battalion respectively, notwithstanding such Militia shall have been disembodied; and where the Militia shall be formed into an Independant Company or Independant Companies, such Sums as aforesaid shall be paid, by the said Receiver or Receivers-gexseral of the Land Tax, into the Hands of the respective Captain of each Independant Company of Militia* or to such Person a# such respective Captain shall authorize to receive the lame, according to the Number of Persons hereby entitled to receive Pay, of which such Regiment or Regiments, Battalion or Battalions, Inde-

Seudant Company or Independant Companies, shall have been, or shall be legally appointed to consist; and such lecciver or Receivers-general of the Land Tax shall also, within fourteen Days after the Expiration of the third Calendar Month from the Time of the said first Payment, make a second Payment for four Calendar Months m Advance; and shall also, within fourteen Days after the Expiration of the three Calendar Months from the Time of the said second Payment, make a third Payment for four Calendar Months in Advance, for the Pay and contingent Expences of the Militia, and for the Allowances to the Regimental or Battalion Clerk or Clerks aforesaid, in the Proportions herein-before mentioned; and the Receipts of such Clerk or Clerks, and of such Captain of an Independant Company, or Captains of Independant Companies, or of such Person or Persons as such Captain or Captains shall so authorize to receive such Money as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Discharge to £uch Receiver or Receivcro-general of the Land Tax, for the several Sums of Money so by him or them paid-

III. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall forthwith, after the Receipt of such Sums of Money as aforesaid, pay, or cause to be paid, one Calendar Month's Pay in Advance to the Adjutant of such Regiment or Battalion respectively; and to the Captain or Officer commanding each Company belonging to such Regiment or Battalion, two Months Pay in Advance for the Serjeants, Drummers* and Corporals; and also to the Officer commanding the Company to which the Serjeant-major and Drum-major shall belong, two Months Pay in Advance for such Serjeant and Drum-major; and so from Time to Time, as long as any Money on that Account shall remain in his Hands j Which Pay usvery such Captain or Officer com. xnaoding is hereby required to diRribute to each Person belonging to his Company, by this Act entitled to receive the same, as it shall become due; and the Captain of each Independant Company is hereby required to dill rib ute to each Person belonging to his Company entitled thereto, such Money as he shall receive for Pay of his Company by virtue of this Act; and such Captain or Officer commanding shall, once in every Year, give in to the Clerk or the Regiment or Battalion to which, such Company shall belong, or if Captain of an Independant Company, to the Receiver-general, an Account of the several Payments he shall have made in pur-fuanee of the Act, according to the following Fonn:

County1

c.

AJX 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

c. 49, 50. 363

County of

Dr.

To Cash received of Mr.

Regimental or Battalion Clerk, or Receiver General [asAhc Case shall beJ for two Months , Pay m Advance, ——

Per Contra, Cf.

Paid Serjeant for Days)

[full Pay» or on Furlough, as the I Cap may be], from the of f to the of following — I

Ditto as Setj cant-major (if one in 7 the said Company) — — J

Paid Serjeant for Days

[pH Pay, or on Furlough, as Cajkfnay beJ, from the of to the of following

Paid Drummer Days, at

from the of to the of following — Ditto as Drum-major (if one in the7 said Company) — — J

Paid Drummer Days, -

from the of

of following

Paid Corporal Days from the of

of following

>ays the\

D*y», J

to the

Day.1 to the

And shall pay back to the said Clerk, or to the Receiver-general (as the Case shall be) the Surplus (if any) of the Money by him from Time to Time received, and then remaining in his Hands.

IV. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That in case the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company of Militia, shall certify in Writing, to the Clerk of the same, that be hath discharged any Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer 5 in such Case, no Pay shall be issued for such Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer until another be duly appointed.

[In all other Particulars the A3 is the same as 41 Geo. 3. (U.K.) cap. 43. only omitting § \J. as to the Cloathing."]

CAP. L

An Act for continuing an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and fir the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within the United Kingdom, and the Islands cf Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man.

[24th May 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within the United Kingdom, and the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man 5 which is to continue in force within Great Britain from the twenty-fourth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and two, until the twenty-fifth Day of May in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and two, and

within Inland from the thirty-first Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and two until the first Day of fine in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and two, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sari, and Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, as to such Parts thereof as relate to those Places respectively, from the thirtieth Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and two until the nrft Day of July in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and two: And whereas it is judged necessary by his Majesty and this present Parliament that a Body of Forces should be continued for the Safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of the Possessions of his Majesty's Crown, and the

Preservation of the Balance of Power in Europe, and that the whole Number of such Forces should consist of eighty-four thousand four hundred and forty-five effective Men, including seven thousand eight hundred and thirty-six Invalids: And whereas no Man can be fore-judged of Life or Limb, or subjected in Time of Peace to any Kind of Punishment within this Realm by Martial Law, or in any other Manner than by the Judg* ment of his Peers, and according to the known and established Laws of this Realm; yet nevertheless it is requisite for the retaining all the before-mentioned Forces in their Duty that an exact Disciplinebe observed, and that Soldiers who shall mutiny or (lir up Sedition, or shall desert his Majesty's Service, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the usual Forms of the Law will allow be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, and every Clause, Matter, and Thing therein contained, shall be, and continue in force within Great Britain from the twenty-fifth Day of May in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and two until the twenty-fifth Day of June in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and two, and shall be and continue in force within Ireland from the first Day of June in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and two until the first Day of July in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and two, and shall be and continue in force in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, as to such Parts thereof as relate to those Places respectively from the first Day of July in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and two until the first Day of August in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and two, m

and pay back

the Surplus. A

On Discharg* of Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers, ntr Pay shall be issued till otbem are appointed*

c. I*

Recited AA continued in Great Britain until5 June; in Ireland until 1 July; and in Jersey, Icc. until 1 Auf. 1801.

Continuance of Articles oi War.

«.26.

Recited Act continued till June if, 1802. post. c. 15.)

[27 O. 3. c. 26.JG 3-c. ji.]

27 G. 3. c. 26. Continued by [30G.C 3.13.] 33. Geo. 3. c. 71. 36. G. 3. c. 84. 39. G. 3. c. 74.

From Aug. 1, 1802, the Trea-futy may (either by themselves or by the Commissioners for Stamps) let to Farm the Duties orrPoft-Horses in each District, at a Rent not less than the Amount produced within the Year ending Aug. 1, 1787;

C lot acts (bJl

n>*t continue lcnge; than Feb. 2, 1806.

CorU-ft* shall be void in Case* cf Failure of making Deyofits or finding Secu-iity.

C. 50, 51, 52. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were repeated apd re-enacted in the Body

of this present Act.'

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Articles of War which his Majesty hath formed, made, and established by virtue of the Powers given to him by the said Act, shall be and remain in full Force within Great Britain until the said twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, and within Ireland until the said first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, and within Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the Elands thereto belonging, until the said first Day of Avguji One thousand eight hundred and two.

CAP. LL

An Act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, an Act made in this Session of Parliament, for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

[24th May 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of 1 his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, until the twenty-fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two: And whereas it is judged necessary that the said Act mould be further continued ? be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, and every Clause, Matter, and Thing therein contained, (ha! be and continue in force until the twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, in as full and ample Manner to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were repeated andre-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

CAP. LII.

An Act for further continuing, until the first Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fir, an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act! to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire for Travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contraSt for the fame

[24th May 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the twenty fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hirefor Travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contraB for the same; the Lord High Treats surer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them for the Time being, were empowered, either by themselves or by his Majesty's Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, thereunto duly authorized to let to Farm the several therein recited Rates and Duties to such Persons as should be willing to farm the fame, for any Term not exceeding three Years, at a Rent not less than the gross Amount which the same should appear to have produced within the Year ending on the first Day of August One thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, under certain Rules, Directions, Regulations, and Restrictions, expressed in the said Act: And whereas the Powers of the said Act were continued by three subsequent Acts of the thirty-third, thirty-sixth, and thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, until the first Day of February One thousand eight hundred and three: And whereas it appears to he expedient that 4' the Provisions and Powers of the said Acts should be further continued may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may. be lawful, from and after the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and two, to and for the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them for the Time being, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, as it shall and may be necessary, either by themselves or by his Majesty's Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, thereunto authorized for that Purpose under the Hand and Seal of the Lord High Treasurer, or under the Hands and Seals of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them for the Time being, to let to Farm separately in Districts the said Rates and Duties arising within each District, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to farm the fame, so as the said Rates and Duties respectively shall, from Time to Time, be put up at a Rent not less than the gross Amount which the same produced within the Year ending on the first Day of August One thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, under and subject to the several Rules, Regulations, and Reilndlious, prescribed in the said Act.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Contract or Agreement for letting to Farm the Rates and Duties aforesaid shall be made to continue for a longer Time than until the first Day of February One thousand eight hundred and six.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or any three or more of them, to prescribe the Time for mahing any Deposit on account of the Rent to be paid by such Farmers of the said Rates and Duties, and the Sums to be so deposited; and in case the Person or Persons who shall contract or agree with the said Commissioners to farm the said Rates and Duties for the.

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 52, 53, 54. 36

Term herein-mentioned shall fail to make such Deposit within the Time prescribed by the Dud Commissioners, or shall Fail to enter into Security for the due Performance of such Contra& or Agreement in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, to declare such Contract or Agreement null and void, and to cause the said Rates and Duties arising within the District or Districts comprized in such Contmd or Agreement, or intended to be let to Farm, thereby to be again put up to be let to Farm, in like Manner as herein-before is di- reded, and so from Time to Time as often as such Default as aforesaid shall be made.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and all other Directions, Matters, and Things, prescribed or appointed by the said recited Act, not altered by or repugnant to this Act, shall be in full Force and Effed, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame, and every of them, had severally been re-enacted in this Act.

CAP. LIII.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments in Ireland according to Law.

[24th May 1802.]

Persons having incurred any Penalty by neglecting to qualify according to Irish Ad, 2 An. cap. 6. shall be in- demnified, &V. provided they take the Oaths, isle. therein directed, by March 25, 1803. §1. This Act shall not restore Persons to Offices avoided by Judgment, isle. §2. Act may be repealed or varied this Session, $ 3

CAP. LIV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by Lotteries.

[28th May 1802.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Ma-iedy's publick Expences, have freely resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of one million four hundred and fifty-live thousand Pounds to be raised by three Lotteries, to confid of one hundred thousand Tickets, at fourteen Pounds eleven Shillings each, in such Manner as is herein after directed and appointed: And whereas, pursuant to and upon the several Terms and Conditions expressed in the said Resolution, several Persons have, in Books opened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, subscribed together the Whole of the said Sum of one million four hundred and fifty-five thousand Pounds, and made Deposits with the Cashier or Caftiiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England of one Pound ten Shillings in respect of every such Ticket, your faithful Commons do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who, in pursuance of the said Resolution, shall have, on or before the third Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, subscribed towards the said Sum of one million four hundred and fifty-five thousand Pounds, and made in respect thereof such Deposit as aforesaid, to advance and pay, and they or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns are hereby required to advance and pay unto the Cashier or Caftiiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England (which Cashier and Caftiiers is and are hereby appointed the Receiver or Receivers of such Contributions, without any other Warrant to be had on that Behalf), the remaining Sum of thirteen Pounds and one Shilling, in respect of each Ticket subscribed for towards raising the said Sum of one million four hundred and fifty-five thousand Pounds on or before the respective Days and in the Proportions herein after limited and appointed on that Behalf, that is to say: For and in respect ot twenty-four thousand Tickets in the first Lottery, the further Sum of four Pounds, being Part of the Sum so remaining unpaid, on or before the twenty-eighth Day of May One thousand tight hundred and two; the further Sum of tour Pounds, other Part thereof, on or before the thirtieth Day of June then next following; and the remaining Sum of five Pounds one Shilling on or before the twenty-third Day of July then next following: And for and in respejft of the Tickets in the kcond Lottery, the further Sum of four Pounds, being Part of the Sum so remaining unpaid, on or before the third Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two; the further Sum of four Pounds, other Part thereof, on or before the fil'd Day of October then next following; and the remaining Sum of five Pounds one Shilling, on or before the twelfth Day of November then next following: And for and m respe£\ of the Tickets in the third Lottery, the further Sum of four Pounds, being Part of the Sum so remaining unpaid, on or before the fourteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three; the further Sum of four Pounds, other Part thereof, on or bclore the eleventh Day of February then next following; and the retraining Sum of five Pounds one Shilling on or before the twenty-fourth Day of March then next following: And that every such Contributor or Adventurer in the said Lotteries, for every Sum of fourteen Pounds eleven Shillings which he* or (he shall have so advanced, shall be entitled to such Lot or Share upon each Fortunate Ticket belonging to him or her as is herein mentioned j and that every Contributor or Adventurer to the said Lotteries who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Monies towards the first Lottery on or before the twenty-ninth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, or who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Monies towards the Second Lottery on or before the thirtieth Day of Sep*' Umber One thousand eight hundred and two, or who shall pay in the Wlfcle of his or her Contribution Monies 3 towards

Pcerers of recited Act extended to this Act.

All Persons who have made Deposits, pursuant to the Resolution of the House of Commons, required to pay the Remainder of the Subscription for the Tickets in' three Loitri ies, at certain Times specified.

3*56

Cashier shall give Security to the Satisfaction of the Treasury;

and pay all Mo nies received into the Exchequer.

300, 000l. shall be retained towards Payment of the Fortunate Ticket*; and-185, 000l. may be applied to the Services of Ireland.

900, 000l. shall be divided into Prize*, and paid out of the Supplies granted (hi* Session.

Managers and Directort of the Lotteries shall be appointed by the Treasury.

Method of the lottery iBooks.

C. 54. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

towards the third Lottery on or before the tenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and three, shall be allowed an Interest by way of Discount after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum from the Day on which such Payments shall have been actually made to the twenty-third Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, in respect of the Monies so paid for completing the Contributions to the first Lottery, to the twelfth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and two, in respect of the Monies so paid for completing the Contributions to the second Lottery, and to the twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, in respect of the Monies so paid for completing the Contributions to the third Lottery; which Allowances are to be paid by the said Cashier or Cashiers out of the Monies to be contributed in pursuance of this Act as soon as such Contributors or Adventurers, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns shall have completed such Payments; and that all the said Contributors or Adventurers, their Executors, Ad-ininistrators, Successors, or Assigns, paying in the Whole of their Monies to be by them respectively contributed towards the said Sum of one million tour hundred and fifty-five thousand Pounds* shall have Lottery Tickets delivered to them to the Amount of the Principal Sum so by them paid for the Purchase thereof at the Rate of fourteen Pounds eleven Shillings for each Ticket as soon as such Tickets can conveniently be made out: Provided always, that such Cashier or Cashiers shall give Security to the good Liking of auy three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, for duly answering and paying into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain for the publick Services of Great Britain and Ireland all the Monies which he or they hath or have already received and shall hereafter receive from Time to Time of and for the said Sum of One million four hundred and fifty-five thousand Pounds, and for accounting duly for the same and for Performance of the Trust hereby in him and them reposed; and shall from Time to Time pay all such Monies, as soon as he or they shall receive the same, or any Part thereof, or within five Days afterwards at the farthest, into, and shall account for the same in the Exchequer, according to the due Course thereof, deducting thereout such Sums as shall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this Act, for which Sums so paid Allowance shall be made in his or their Accounts.

[" Treasury empowered to apply the Money paid in by the Cashier, § under §3. o/*41 G. 3. ( U.K*)c. 27.]

III. Provided aftvays, and be it further enacted, That the said Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized, out of the said Sum of one million four hundred and fifty-five thousand Pounds, to retain the Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds towards the Payment of the Fortunate Tickets in the said Lotteries, and remit to the Exchequer of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from Time to Time, any Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred and eighty-five thousand Pounds, to be applied to such Services for Ireland, as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in this present Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of nine hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said Sum of one million four hundred and fifty-five thousand Pounds, shall be distributed and divided into Prizes to be drawn in the said Lotteries, in such Manner as is by this Act appointed and directed, which said Sum of nine hundred thousand Pounds shall be payable out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for Great Britain and Ireland; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, is or are hereby required and authorized, by Warrant or Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, to cause the said Sum of nine hundred thousand rounds to be issued and

paid out of the said Aids or Supplies to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them distributed and paid to and amongst the respective Proprietors of the several Fortunate Tickets in the Manner herein after mentioned and directed, within two Months after the Conclusion of the Drawing of each of the said Lotteries, or as soon as Certificates can be made out for the Sums due in respect of the same.

V. ' And, for establishing a proper Method for drawing the said Lotteries/ be it further enacted, That such Persons as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall nominate and appoint, shall be Managers and Directors for preparing and delivering out Tickets, and to oversee the drawing of Lots, and to order, do, and perform, such other Matters and Things as are hereafter in and by this Act directed and appointed by such Managers and Directors to be done and performed; and that such Managers and Directors shall meet together, from Time to Time, at some publick Office or Place, for the Execution of the Powers and Trusts in them reposed by this Act; and that the said Managers and Directors, or so many of them as shall be present at any such Meeting, or the major Part of them, shall, for the first of the said Lotteries cause Books to be prepared in which every Leaf shall be divided or distinguished into three Columns; and upon the innermost of the said three Colums, there shall be printed for the first of the said Lotteries twenty-four thousand Tickets to be numbered one, two, three, and so onwards, in an arithmetical Progression, where the common Excess is to be one, until they rife to the Number of twenty-four thousand; and upon the middle Column in every of the said Books shall be printed twenty-four thousand Tickets, of the same Breadth and Form and numbered in like Manner 5 and, in the extreme Column of the same Books, there shall be printed a third Rank or Series of Tickets of the same Number with those of the other two Columns; which Tickets shall federally be of an oblong Figure, and in the said Books shall be joined with oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices, in such Manner as the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them, shall think most safe and convenient; and that every Ticket in the third or extreme Column of the said Books shall have written or printed thereupon (besides the Number of such Ticket, ) Words or Figures to this Effect:

" To --= FIRST LOTTERY,

for the Year 1802.

THE BEARER of this Ticket wjjl be entitled to such beneficial Chance as shall belong thereto in the first

passed in the forty-second Year of his Majesty's Reign/

Lottery, to be drawn by virtue of an Act

8

Manage

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 54. 3«7

u Maaagers shall examine the Books, with the Tickets, and deliver them to the Cashiers of the Bank, taking a Receipt for the fame, §6. (See §6 of 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 27.) — Cashiers shall return the Books on or be-

fore July 2, 1802, with the undisposed Tickets, and Account of Money received and paid in Undisposed Tickets shall be delivered into the Exchequer, §7. (Sec §7 of 41 G. 3. (U.K'.).27.) — Tickets of the middle Columns shall be rolled up, and fastened with Thread or Silk ? and cut off indentwise into a Box " marked with the Letter (A), and put into another Box to be locked up and sealed, §8." [Precisely eu

§9^41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 27.}

[X. And be it further enacted, That the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them which shall be present at any Meeting as aforesaid, shall also prepare, or cause to be prepared for the said first Lottery, other Books in which every Leaf shall be divided or distingniftied into two Columns; and upon the inner-most of those two Columns there shall be printed twenty-four thousand Tickets, and upon the outermost of the said two Columns there shall be printed twenty-four thousand Tickets; all which shall be of equal Length and Breadth, as near as may be; which two Columns in the said Book shall be joined by some Flourish or Device, through which the outermost Tickets maybe cut off indentwise; and that seven thousand one hundred and twenty-three Tickets, Part of those to De contained in the outermost Columns of the Books last mentioned, shall be, and be called The Fortunate Tickets, to which Benefits shall belong, as is herein after mentioned; and the said hnagers and Director3, or the major Part of them, or such of them as shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, shall cause the said Fortunate Tickets to be written upon, or otherwise exprened, as well in Figures as in Words at Length, in Manner folk wing; that is to say, Upon every one of four of them severally, one thousand Pounds Principal Money; upon everyone of eight of them severally, five hundred Pounds Principal Money; upon every one of twenty of them severally, one hundred Pounds Principal Money; upon every one of forty-one of them severally, fifty Pounds Principal Money; and upon every one of seven thousand and fifty or them severally, nineteen Pounds Principal Money: Which Principal Sums so to be written, or otherwise expressed upon the said Fortunate Tickets, together with five thousand Pounds Principal Money to be allowed to the Owner of the first drawn Ticket on the fivft Day of the Drawing of the said first Lottery; two thousand Pounds Principal Money to be allowed to the Owner of the first drawn Ticket on the second Day of Drawing of the said Lottery; ten thousand Pounds Principal Money to be allowed to the Owner of the first drawn Ticket on the third Day of the Drawing of the said Lottery; twenty thousand Pounds Principal Money to he allowed to the Owner of the first drawn Ticket on the fourth Day of the Drawing of the said Lottery; five thousand Pounds Principal Money to be allowed to the Owner of the first drawn T : ket on the fifth Day of the Drawing of the said Lottery; two thousand Pounds Principal Money to be all wed to the Owner of the first drawn Ticket on the sixth Day of the Drawing of the said Lottery; Twenty thousand Pounds Principal Money to be allowed to the Owner of the first drawn Ticket on the seventh Day of Drawing of the said Lottery; and ten thousand Pounds Principal Money to be allowed to the Owner of the first drawn Ticket on the eighth Day of Drawing of the said Lottery; will amount in the Whole to the Principal Sum of two hundred and twenty thousand Pounds: Which Sum of two hundred and twenty thousand Pounds only, is to be paid at the Bank of England to the Proprietors of the said Fortunate Tickets, in the said first Lottery, in Proportion to their respective interests therein, in such Manner as is appointed by this Act: And the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them who shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, shall cause all the said Tickets contained in the outermoil Columns of the said last mentioned Books to be, in the Presence of the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them which shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, and in the Presence of such Contributors or Adventurers as will then be there, to be carefully rolled up and fastened with Thread or Silk, and carefully cut out indentwise through the said Flourish or Device, into another Box to be prepared for this Purpose, and to be marked with the Letter (B); which Box shall be put into another strong Box, and locked up with seven different Locks and Keys, to be kept by as many of the said Managers and Directors, and sealed up with their Seals, or the Seals of some of them, until these Tickets thall also be diawn in the Manner and Form herein after mentioned; and that the whole Business of iolling up and cutting off, and putting into the said Boxes the said Tickets, and locking up and ftaling the said Boxes, shall be performed by the said Managers and Directors, or such of them as aforesaid, before the last six Days immediately preceding the Day by this Act appointed for the Drawing of the said Lottery; And to the End every Person concerned may be well assured that the Counterpart of the same Number with his or her Ticket is put into the Box marked with the Letter (A)f from whence the same may be drawn, and that other Matters are done as hereby directed, some publick Notification in Print shall be given of the precifeTime or Times of putting the said Tickets into the said Boxes, to the End that such Adventurers as may be minded to see the same done, may be present at the doing thereof.

X. And be it further crafted, That on or before the second Day of August One thousand eight hundred and two, the said Managers and Directors shall cause the said several Boxes with all the Tickets therein for the said firfk Lottery to be brought into some convenient Hall or Place, within the City of London or Wefimmjler, whereof due Notice shall be published in the London Gazette fourteen Days at lead before the f*\d/eeond Day of One thousand eight hundred and two, so that the same may be there, and placed on a Table provided for that Purpose, at such Hour of the Day as the said Managers and Directors shall fix and appoint; and mall then and there severally attend this Service, and cause the two Boxes containing the said Tickets to be severally taken out of the other two Boxes in which they shall have been locked up; and the Tickets or Lott in the respective innermost Boxes being, in the Presence of the said Managers and Directors, or such of them as shall be then present* and of such Adventurers as will be there for the Satisfaction of themselves well (baken and mingled so each Box distinctly, some one indifferent and fit Person to be appointed and directed by the hid Managers and Dvrc&ors, or the major Part of them, or such of them as shall be then present, shall take out and draw Ticket from the Box where the said numbered Tickets shall be as aforesaid put, and one other indifferent

and

Books dull be prepared for the said first Lottery with 2 Columns, on each of which 24000 Tickets shall be printed.

The Number and Value of the Fortunate Tickets; via.

4 of iooool.

8 of 500l.

20 of100L 41 of 50l.

7050 of 19L

FFft drawn Ticket on the 8 Days of Drawing, vis.

1 ft Day 5000l.

2d — 3d -4th — 5ih — 6ih —

2000l. 10, 000k 20.000U 5000l. 2060l. 7th — 20, 000}. 8th — 10, 000L

AH the Tickets in the outermost. Column of the last mentioned Books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a Box marked with the Letter (L), See.

Publick Notice shall be given of putting the Tickets into the Boxes.

First Lottery shall begin drawing on Aug. 2, 1802.

Method to be observed in drawing, kb

368

Manager* shall be (worn.

The Oath.

The 900, 000l. for Payment of the Prizes charged on Supplies of this Session, and shall be paid without Deduction, with'tD two Months after Conclufton of the Drawing,

C. 54. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

and fit Person, to be appointed and directed in like Manner, shall take out a Ticket or Lot from the Box where the said Seven thousand one hundred and twenty-three Fortunate, and Sixteen thousand eight hundred and seventyseven Blank Tickets, shall be promiscuously put as aforesaid; and immediately both the Tickets so drawn shall be opened, and the Number as well of the Fortunate as of the Blank Ticket shall be named aloud; and if the Ticket taken or drawn from the Box containing the Fortunate and Blank Lots shall appear to be a Blank, then the numbered Ticket so drawn, with the said Blank at the same Time drawn* shall both be put upon one File; and if the Ticket so drawn or taken from the Box containing the Fortunate and Blank Lots shall appear to be one of the Fortunate Tickets, then the Principal Sum written upon such Fortunate Ticket, whatsoever it be, shall be entered by a Clerk, which the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them, as aforesaid, shall employ and oversee for this Purpose, into a Book to be kept for entering the Numbers coming up with the said Fortunate Tickets, and the principal Sums whereunto they shall be entitled respectively, and two of the said Managers and Directors shall set their Names as Witue(Te3 to such Entries; and the said Fortunate and numbered Tickets so drawn together shall be put upon another File; and so the said Drawing of the Tickets shall continue, by taking one Ticket at a Time out of each Box, and with opening, naming aloud, and filing the fame, and by entering the Fortunate Lots in such Method as is before-mentioned, until the whole Number of (even thousand one hundred and twenty-three Fortunate Tickets shall be completely drawn.: And as the same cannot be performed in one Dav's Time, the said Managers and Directors shall cause the Boxes to be locked up and sealed in Manner as aforesaid, and adjourn till the next Day of drawing of the said Lottery, and so for each Day of drawing of the said first Lottery; and the said Managers and Directors shall and may regulate the Time of continuing to draw the said Tickets, andleflcn or increase the Number of the said Tickets to be to drawn on each Day of Drawing, as they, or the major Part of them, shall in their Discretion think necessary, and shall proceed therein for eight Days, drawing only two such Days in each Week as the said Commissioners shall appoint for that Purpose, till the said whole Number of seven thousand one hundred and twenty-three Fortunate Tickets shall be completely drawn as aforesaid, and afterwards the said numbered Tickets so drawn, with the Fortunate Tickets drawn against the fame, shall be and remain in a (Irong Box locked up as aforesaid, and under the Custody of the said Managers and Directors, until they shall take them out to examine, adjust, and settle, the Property thereof.

u Number of the Fortunate Tickets and the Sums shall be printed. Disputes to be adjusted by the 4< Managers. Penalty on forging Tickets, Felony without Clergy 5 §11. Offenders (not in Prison) dif- covering Persons guilty* shall receive a Pardon, and 50l. reward, §12. Such Felonies shall not work* Corruption of Blood §13." [Preci/ely in the Terms of §§ 11, 12, 13, of+1 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 27.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That every Person that shall be appointed as aforesaid to be a Manager and Director for putting this Act in Execution, before his acting in such Commission, (except the administering the Oath immediately herein after mentioned), shall take the Oath following $ (that is to say).

I A.B. as a Manager and Director of the Lotteries to be drawn in pursuance of an Act of Parliament made in the forty-second Year of his Majesty's Reign, do swear, That I will faithfully execute the Trust; reposed in me; and that I will not use any indirect Art or Means, or permit or direct any Person to use any

indirect Art or Means, to obtain a Prize or Fortunate Lot in any of the said Lotteries, for myself, or any other Person whatsoever j and that I will do the utmost of my Endeavours to prevent any undue or fiuifler Practice to be done by any Person whatsoever; and that I will, to the bed of my Judgment, declare to whom any Prize, Lot, or Ticket, of Right does belong, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act.4 Which said Oath shall and may be administered by any two or more of the other Managers and Directors.

14 Cashier may receive the Sums subscribed; giving a Note for the fame; which shall entitle the Bearer to a Ticket for every ial. 1 is. paid, §1 c. After May 28, 1802, the Cashier may deliver Tickets not exceeding in Value Half of the Sum actually subscribed; and shall give Receipts for the Residue of such Sums, after Value of the Tickets so delivered, §16. Contributors not making good their Payments within the Times limited, shall forfeit their Deposits, and the Tickets shall be returned to the Managers, 44 §17. Treasury may reward the Managers, £sV. as they shall think fit, §18 [See $$ 15 — 18 of 41

" Geo. 3. (U.K.) c. 27.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of nine hundred thousand Pounds, as aforesaid, to be paid for and in respect of all the Fortunate Tickets in the said three Lotteries shall be, and is hereby charged upon and shall be issued and paid out of all or any the Aids or Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for Great Britain^ for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and two, in Manner herein-before mentioned, and shall be paid upon Demand, by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ in Money without any Deduction whatsoever, to the respective Proprietors of such Fortunate Tickets, within two Months after the Conclusion of the Drawing of the said respective Lotteries, or as soon thereafter as Certificates can be made out for ascertaining, in Manner herein after mentioned, the Sums to be paid upon the said Tickets \ which Tickets, in each of the said respective Lotteries, after the Drawing each of the said respective lotteries is completed and ended, shall be respectively exchanged for Certificates to be signed by such of the said Managers and Directors as shall be appointed for that Purpcue.

Managers shall give Notice of the Time for -exchanging Tickets for Certificates. Certificates shall 11 be numbered fcfr., and signed, &c. §20. Treasury empowered to defray the incidental Expences attending^ 44 the Execution of this Act, §21. No Fee shall he taken for receiving or paying Contribution Monies, far Receipts, £sV., on Penalty of 20l. J 22. No Person shall take down the Numbers of the Tickets at the Time of drawing, unless employed as a Clerk .by the Managers, or licensed so to do, §23. Persons £0

liccniefjL

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III.

C. 54. 369

licensed shall receive from the Stamp Office Numerical Books, containing the Numbers of the Tickets in u the said respective Lotteries, which shall be stamped on every Leaf. Commissioners shall grant such Licence 4C only on account of licensed Lottery Offices. Persons present at the drawing of the said Lotteries (not " being duly licensed) taking down or publishing the Numbers of Tickets drawn, Of. or having Lists of Tickets in the said Lotteries in their Possession, life., shall forfeit 5l. On Complaint, the Magistrates of London may grant Warrants for apprehending Offenders. Persons in the actual Commission of such Offence may be apprehended by any Person, and carried before a Magistrate, who may commit the Offender if Penalty be not paid. Informers and Constables entitled to penalties. §24. Persons summoned as Witnessea 4< not appearing, &fr., shall forfeit 50l. §25. Form of Conviction; Penalty may be mitigated to one Half; Convictions not removeable. $ 26. (See §20 — 26, of 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 27.)

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, an Act, passed in the British AA 22 twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Ucenfing Lottery Office Keepers, 9c* and regulating the Sale of Lottery Tickets; and so much of two Acts made in the Parliament of Ireland G 3

in the thirty-third and thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relate to the granting of c. 35 G. 3, Licences to Lottery Office Keepers and the Duties charged thereon, shall be and the same are hereby repealed. c. 3/, as relates

to granting Lottery Licences, repealed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Licences granted within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and in force immediately before the passing of this Act, for any Office for the buying, felling, or otherwise dealing in Lottery Tickets, or registering any Number of Tickets in England or Ireland, shall wholly cease and determine.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall publickly or privately open, set up, exercise, or keep by himself or herself, or any other Person or Persons, in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Office for buying, felling, or otherwise dealing in any Tickets, or for registering the Numbers of any Tickets in the Lotteries authorized by this Act, or either of them, or shall by Writing, Printing, or otherwise, publish the setting up or using any such Office, without first taking out a Licence for that Purpose from the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper for the Time being in England, for every such Office in Great Britain, and for every such Office in Ireland, from such Commissioners or Persons as shall in that Behalf be authorized and empowered by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by Warrant under his or their Hand in Manner herein after mentioned.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties in England, and such Commissioners as aforesaid in Ireland, respectively, or any three of them respectively, are hereby empowered and required by Writing under their Hands and Seals to grant a Licence for an Office for felling and dealing in Lottery Tickets, authorized by Law, to all and every Person and Persons applying for the famebut previously to the Delivery of any such Licence, and before it shall have any Effect, there shall be paid over and above all other Payments to which the Person or Persons taking out such Licence may be respectively liable, by any other Act of Parliament, whether as Brokers or otherwise, the Sum of fifty Pounds, for every such Licence that shall be granted for every Office within the Cities of London, Edinburgh, or Dublin, or within -twenty Miles of either of the said Cities; and also the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Licence for any one Office to be kept in any other Part of the United Kingdom by any Person or Persons not having any Licence for any Office within the said Cities of London, Edinburgh, or Dublin, or either of them, or within twenty Miles of either of them, and also the Sum of ten Pounds for every such Licence, for any such Office to be kept by any Person or Persons having any Licence for any Office for which fifty Pounds shall have been paid under the Provisions of this Act; and such respective Sums of Money shall be paid at the respective Stamp Offices in London and Dublin respectively, when and where such Licence shall be granted, at the Time the Licence in respect whereof any such Sum shall have been paid, shall be delivered to the Person or Persons applying for the fame, and all such respective Sums of fifty Pounds and ten Pounds respectively, shall be applied towards defraying the Expences of the Stamp Office, where the same shall have been received in executing this Act, and otherwise in Manner herein after prescribed.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper in England, and they are hereby required, upon the Production or Delivery to them by any Person or Persons applying for any Licence for any Lottery Office under this Act, of any former Licence, then in force, and having not less than one Month unexpired of the Period for which such Licence shall have been granted, to allow to the Person or Persons so applying and producing, and delivering such former Licence, so much of the Sum of Money paid upon the granting of the Licence lo produced and delivered up as aforesaid, as shall be in Proportion to the Period for which such Licence shall have been in force immediately before the passing of this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every such Licence shall set forth the true Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons taking out the fame, and also the particular House or Place where such Business or dealing in Lottery Tickets shall be carried on; and such Licence shall continue in force until the fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three, and no longer; and every Person acting or dealing in any of the Matters therein contained, after the Expiration of such Licence, shall be considered in every Respect as an unlicensed Person.

XXXIII. Provided always, /and be it further enacted, That no Licence shall be granted for having any such Jittery Office as aforesaid, within the UniversitieR of Oxford and Cambridge, or either of them; and if any Licence shall be granted for any such Lottery Office within either of the said Universities, it shall be void and of no effect; and the Person or Persons acting under such Licence, shall be liable to the same Penalty as an un-liceaftd Person.

# 42 Geo. III. 3 B And

Licences hitherto granted shall cease on the palTing of this

a a.

Persons before dealing in Lottery Tickets shall take out a Licence as herein directed.

Commissioners for Stamps in England and Ireland, shall grant Licences for Lottery Offic es, on Payment of the Duties of 50l. and 10l. herein mentioned.

CommissionefS for Stamps in England shall allow an Abate* mem for the Time former Licences have to run.

Licence shall continue in*force till May 5> isoj.

No Licence shall be granted for any Lottery Office within the Universities ot Oxfoid and Cambridge.

370 C. 54. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

Licensed Person* shall deposit and divide into Shares 30 Tickets in each of the three Lotteries, or Licence shall be void. See.

Licensed Persons not having certain Words on the Front ot their Shop, (h ill forfeit zoi. each Day.

Penalty of 20l. on unheenfed Persons, &c. having such Words thereon.

Penalty of tool, on Perfcmf keeping an Office without, or contrary to licence.

Persont to whom Licences are granted lhaM give Security by Bond. Conditions of Bond.

When Bond may be delivered up.

Com midionert of Stamps shall not be required to grant Licences, unless it appears that the Party it able to answer she Penalty of

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person to whom any Licence or Licences shall be granted in Great Britain^ pursuant to this Act, shall deposit and divide into Shares thirty whole undrawn Tickets in each of the three Lotteries established as aforesaid for every such Licence granted to him, her, or them, whereon fifty Pounds shall be payable, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Adfc, for every such Licence for which no such Deposit shall be made, shall be void and of no Effect; and every Person acting and dealing under any such Licence in any of the Matters therein contained after such Default made shall be adjudged and considered in every Respect as an unlicensed Person; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon every such Default, to cause to be published the Names and Places of Abode, and the Description of the Offices of such Persons or Person making such Default as aforesaid, in the London Gazette, and declare therein the Time when such Default was made; and such Forfeiture shall take place from the Time of such Publication.

XXXV7. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons licensed under this Act (hati cause the Words Licensed to deal in J.ottcry Tickets, to be written or expressed in legible Characters upon or near the Door in the Front of every Shop or other Place for which any such Person or Persons shall be licensed for felling of Tickets, to denote that such Person or Persons is*or are a Dealer or Dealers in Lottery Tickets, and liable to take out a Licence; and if any Person or Persons shall presume to fell or deal in such Lottery Tickets as aforesaid, without complying with the said Provision, he, she, or they so offending shall for every Day in which such Offence shall be committed, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Persons or Person to whom any Licence or Licences shall have been or shall be granted, shall continue or cause to be continued the Words Licensed to deal ht Lottery Tickets, or any of them, or any Words to that or the like Effect, written or expressed upon or near the Door, or in the Front of his, or her, or their Office or Shop, or Offices or Shops, or other Place for felling of Tickets after such Licence shall have expired, or shall be declared to be void, and due Notice thereof in Writing to remove the same shall have been given to such Persons or Person, or left at such Office, Shop, or other Place of such Persons or Person, under the Hands of any three or more of the said Commissioners 5 or if any Persons or Person, not having been licensed as aforesaid, shall cause to be written or expressed in Manner aforesaid, the like Words, or Words to the like Effect, upon or near the Door, or on the Front of any House* Shop, or Place in their respective Occupations; or shall continue, or cause the same to be continued thereon* after such Notice in Writing shall have been given to such Persons or Person, or left at such House, Shop* or Place as last aforesaid; then, and in every such Case, all and every such Persons or Person so offending shall, for every Day in which such Words, or any of them* shall be continued written or expressed as aforesaid* forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall open, set up, or keep any Office for buying, felling, or otherwise dealing in such Lottery Tickets as aforesaid, or any Shares thereof, or for registering the Numbers of such Tickets without the Authority of such Licence as aforesaid* or in any other House or Place besides that named in the Licence, or in any other Manner contrary to such Licence, or to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person to whom any Licence shall be granted, shall personally appear before the said respective Commissioners of Stamps, or such Person or Persons as they shall respectively appoint, and shall then and there, at the Time of granting such Licence or Licences, give Security by Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of one thousand Pounds; and that the Condition of every such Bond shall be, that if the Persons or Person so to be licensed shall, during the Term of such Licence, well and truly conform to and observe all the Regulations and Provisions of this Act, and of the several Acts made and m force concerning Lotteries, and shall not offend against the fame, and every such Bond rat shall be given in Great Britain (in case the Tickets belonging to the Lotteries, or either of them establish-c/ by this Act, shall not, at the Time of applying for such Licence, be issued to the respective Contributors, so that such Persons or Person shall not then De enabled to deposit thirty whole undrawn Tickets for each such Lottery, and in the Manner directed by this Act), then the further Condition of such Bond shall be, that if such Persons or Person shall deposit with the said Commissioners, or such Persons or Person as they shall appoint and divide into Shares thirty whole undrawn Tickets in each of the Lotteries established by this Act, by such Space of Time, not less than the Space of twenty Days, before the first Day of drawing of each of such Lotteries respectively as the said Commissioners shall prescribe, then such Bond shall be void, or otherwise to be and remain in full Force and Effect; and the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any three or more of them* are hereby authorized and required to take such Bond, and to annex thereto a Condition conformable to the Directions of this Act before-mentioned, and according to the Circumstances of the Case; and if at the End of twelve Calendar Months after the Expiration of the Time for which such Licence shall be granted, it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said respective Commissioners of Stamps that such Persons or Person so licensed have or hath, during the Time of such Licence, well and truly kept, fulfilled, and performed the Condition of such Bond, such Commissioners may deliver up such Bond to be cancelled, or otherwise at their Discretion rause every such Bond to be put in Suit.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall not be required to grant a Licence or Licences for felling and dealings in Lottery Tickets, in the Lotteries authorized by this Act, to any Persons or Person whatever, unless it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners to whom Application shall be made for the fame, that such Persons or Person are or is of good Character and Reputation, and of sufficient Ability to answer the Penalty contained in the Bond required by Law, for securing a due Performance of the several Regulations and Provisions respecting*Lottery-Office Keepers; and unless such Persons or Person applying for a Licence in Great Britain, shall* previous to the Time of receiving such Licence, produce and deliver to the said Commissioners a Certificate in

Writing,

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 54.

Writing, under the Hand of the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties in England, certifying that such Persons or Person have or hath deposited in his Hands, thirty whole undrawn Tickets of and belonging to each such Lottery respectively established as aforesaid, and that the same have been divided into Shares in the Manner allowed by Law, or shall enter into such Security as is herein after mentioned, conditioned for the depositing at the Times and in the Manner to be prescribed by the said Commissioners, thirty whole undrawn Tickets for each Lottery, so established as aforesaid, to be divided into such Shares as are by Law allowed.

XL. And be it further enacted, That, upon the Death of any Person so licensed as aforesaid, during the Term of such Licence or Licences, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, in their Discretion to authorize and empower the Executors or Administrators of the Wife, Child, or the Heir at Law of such deceased Person, being entitled unto the Possession of the Premises, in which the Business respecting such Lotteries was to be carried on, under such Licence or Licences, or any of them, to continue such Business for the residue of the Term for which such Licence or Licences was or were granted in the same Premises, without taking out a new Licence or Licences during the Residue of the said Term, but subject to and under the same Terms, Conditions, Rules, and Regulations, as such Licence or Licences was or were originally granted, and also subject to a Renewal of the Bond for the securing the due Performance thereof, by such Kepresentatives respectively, during the Residue of such Term.

XLI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons to whom any such Licence or Licences as aforesaid shall be granted, shall be prosecuted and convicted of any Offence against this Act, or any Act or Acts in force relating to Lotteries, whether on Prosecution of the Bond to be given in pursuance of this Act, or for any Penalty whatever under this Act, or any other Act or Acts relating to Lotteries, or as a Rogue and Vagabond, such Conviction shall operate as a Forfeiture of such Licence or Licences, and from thenceforth the lame shall be void; and the said Commissioners of Stamps wheret he same shall have been granted, may, if they shall think fit, refuse to grant to the Person or Persons (o convicted any Licence in future.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall forge pr counterfeit or cause to be forged or counterfeited, or aifift in forging or counterfeiting any Licence, authorized to be made by this Act for the Purpose aforesaid, or shall fraudulently alter or cause to be altered, or assist in altering any such Licence, as shall be really granted under this Act, or shall knowingly make Use of any such forged, counterfeited, or altered Licence, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him that shall prosecute or sue for the fame, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in relation to Licences granted in Great Britain, and at Dublin as to Licences granted in Ireland, in which no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and shall also be subject to Imprisonment for such Term not exceeding six Months as the Court in which the Party offending shall be convicted, shall appoint.

XL 111. And be it further enacted, That no such Office for Lottery Tickets, licensed as aforesaid, shall be open for the Transaction of any Business under such Licence before the Hour of Eight of the Clock in the Morning, nor after the Hour of Eight of the Clock in the Evening, except on the Evening of the Saturday preceding the drawing of any Lottery; and if any such Office or Place shall be wilfully kept open in Point of Time contrary to this Act, the Person or Persons licensed to keep such Office shall for every such Offence forfeit fifty Pounds.

XLIV. And, in order that all adventuring with Lottery Tickets in any such Lottery as aforesaid, other than such as shall necessarily arise from the real and actual Sale of such Tickets, and of such Shares thereof as are herein permitted; be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to fell the Chance or Chances of any Ticket or Tickets in any such Lottery as aforesaid, for a Day or any less Time than the whole Time of drawing in any such Lottery, or to insure for or against the drawing of any such Tickit or Tickets, or to receive any Money or Goods in Consideration of any Agreement to repay any Sum or Sums, or to deliver the same or other Goods, if any such Ticket or Tickets shall prove fortunate or unfortunate, or on any other Chance or Event relative to the drawing of any such Ticket or Tickets, whether as to their being drawn fortunate or unfortunate, or the Time of their b/.ng drawn, or otherwise, howsoever, or under any Pretence, Device, Form, Denomination, or Description whatsoever, to promise or agree to pay any Sum or Sums, or to deliver any Goods, or to do or forbear doing any Thing for the Benefit of any Person or Persons, whether with or without Consideration, on any Event or Contingency relative or applicable to the drawing of any such Ticket or Tickets, or to publish any Proposal for any of the Purposes aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall offend against this Act in any of the Matters aforesaid, he, she, or they, shall for every Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, and further the Contract in every such Case shall be void.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatever shall fell any Share or Shares of any Ticket or Tickets in the Lotteries established by virtue of this Act, in any other Proportion or Proportions than one Half, Quarter, Eighth, or Sixteenth Part or Share only; or shall publish any Proposal or Scheme for felling any Share or Shares, or any Agreement or Agreements for any Share or Shares of any Ticket or Tickets in the said respective Lotteries in any other Proportion than one Half, Quarter, Eighth, or Sixteenth Part or Share, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and Pay the Sum of fifty Pounds; and one Moiety of all pecuniary Penalties inflicted by this Act, (except where other Provfiions shall be specially prescribed by this Act), shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her, or them, who shall inform or sue for the fame; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That every Share or Agreement for a Share of every Ticket so to be divided, shall have written or printed thereon, Words or Figures to this Effect; that is to say,

3B2 «Lottexx

371

the Bond; and in Great Britain, uirich he shall have deposited 3<xk-Tickets, &. c.

Executors &c. may be authorized to cai1y on Business for the Residue of the Teim of Licence*.

Persons con-vi^ted I Offences agaw.it this Act shall foileit heir Licence.

Penalty of foci, on Persons counterfeiting Licence*, 01 using such as are counterfeited.

Time for trans. acting Business in Lottery Offices,

Penalty of fol. on Non-observance.

No Chances of any Tickets for any less Time than the whole Time of drawing shall be sold, or Insurance made for or against the drawing of any Ticket; nor shall any Perfoll publish any Pioposal for such Purpose, on Penally of 50l. &cc.

Penalty of colon Persons dividing Tickets ii to any other Shares than Halves, Quarters, Eighths, and Sixteenths.' Application and Recovery of Penalties.

372

Forms of Shares of Ticket*.

Penalty of Felony on Persons counterfeiting Shares, &c.

Sump Office shall establish an Office in London or 'Westminster for the Deposit of Tickets intended to be sold in Shares, &c.

Receiver General of Stamps shall give Receipts for the same.

such Receipt shall be transferable.

Books shall be kept by the Receiver for icgifteiing such Tickets; which may be inspected on paying ad.

Receiver shall Le paid 2d. for every Shate into which the Ticket depost-ttrl shall be divided.

Persons felling Shares otherwise than on stamped Paper, See. shall iorieit 501.

Tic kets so deposited in Great Buiuiu or lie-

Is4. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

OTTERY for the Year One thousand eight hundred and two.

for as the Share may he, )

The Bearer of this Share will be entitled to one Part of such Beneficial Chance as shall bc-

long to the Ticket numbered as above, in the firtl, second, or third Lottery fas the Case may he), t to be drawn in Great Britain by virtue of an Act passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.*

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly ad or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, any Share or Shares, or any Agreement or Agreements for any Share or Shares of any Ticket or Pickets divided by virtue of this Act; or alter any Number, Figure, Word, or Stamp therein or thereon; or shall knowingly utter, vend, barter, or dispose of any such forged, counterfeited, or altered Share or Shares, or Agreement or Agreements for any Share or Shares of any Ticket or Tickets, wfith Intent to defraud any Person or Persons, then, and in every such Case, all and every Person and Persons so offending, and being duly thereof convicted shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and suffer as a Felon.

XLVIII. And, the more effectually to prevent Abuses in the felling of Shares of Lottery Tickets, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain, or any three or more of them, shall, immediately after the passing of this Act, establish an Office in the City of London or Westminster, for the Deposit of Tickets intended to be sold in Shares; and every Ticket in any such Lottery as aforesaid, before it shall be divided into or sold in Shares, shall either be brought to the said Office, and be there deposited, and left with the Receiver General of his Majesty's Stamp Duties, or some Person or Persons to be appointed by him to receive the same, and who is and are hereby authorized and required to receive the same respectively.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Receiver General of his Majesty's Stamp Duties, or such Person or Persons so to be appointed by him to receive Tickets, to be divided in Shares shall, upon the Receipt of any stich Ticket, or any Number of Tickets, give a Receipt in Writing for the fame; which Receipt shall express the Day of receiving the Ticket or Tickets, the Lottery to which the Ticket or Tickets shall belong, the Number or Numbers of the Ticket or Tickets so received, and the Name or Names of the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, and also that such Ticket or Tickets is or are received in pursuance of this Act, and doth or do accordingly remain in the Hands of the said Receiver General, or such Person or Persons to be appointed by him to receive the same, to be disposed of as is hereby dircded.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Receipt for any Ticket as aforesaid, shall be transferrable or transferred, or assignable or assigned, either in Law or Equity, in any Manner, or on any Pretence whatever; nor shall any Interest or Property in any such Receipt pass by any Transfer, Assignment, or Deposit thereof, in any Manner or for any other Purpose whatever.

LI. And be it further enacted, That a Book or Books shall he kept by the said Receiver General, or the Person or Persons so to, be appointed by him as aforesaid, who shall truly and fairly enter and register in such Book or Books the Number of every Lottery Ticket which shall he deposited in the said Office in pursuance of this Act, together with the Name or Names of all and every such Person who shall so deposit such Ticket; and also the Number of Shares into which each such Ticket shall be so divided as aforesaid; and any Person shall and may, from Time to Time, and at all seasonable Times, resort to and insped such Book or Books, on Payment of the Sum of Two-pence to the said Person or Persons so to be appointed by the said Receiver General as aforesaid; and the Money arising from such Payment shall be paid and applied in defraying the Expences of the Stamp Office in executing this Act, and otherwise in Manner herein after specially provided.

LII. And be it further enacted, That, upon the leaving-and depositing of any Lottery Ticket, at or in the said Office, with the said Receiver General, or such Person or Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, for the Purposes aforesaid, the Person or Persons who shall so leave and deposit the same shall pay to the said Receiver General, or the Person or Persons so to be appointed by him as aforesaid, for each Share into which every such Ticket shall be divided by the said Officer or Officers, the Sum of Two-pence; and the Monies arising from such Fee to be paid as aforesaid shall be accounted for, from Time to Time, and shall be paid and applied towards the Expence of keeping such Office for the Deposit of Lottery Tickets as aforesaid, or in defraying any other Expences of the Stamp-Office, in the Execution of this Act, and otherwise in such Manner as is herein after specially prescribed.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times fell or agree to fell any Share or Shares of any Ticket or Tickets in any such Lottery as aforesaid, other than by a written or printed Agreement on a Piece of Paper, Vellum, 'or Parchment, starnped and marked by such Officer or Officers, and in such Manner as by this Act is before described, he, she, or they so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That each and every such Ticket so deposited as aforesaid in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, for the Purpose of being afterwards fold into Shares, shall he detained, and remain and continue in the Custody and Possession of the Receiver General, or of the Person or Persons with whom

the

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 54.

373

the same shall have been deposited as aforesaid, in pursuance of the Prorifions of this Act for the Periods herein- hind r°r after mentioned 5 that is to say, every such Ticket which shall have been drawn Blank, and every such Ticket £"rpo[c,

being fold in Shares, shall ron-linue in Custody of the Receiver Genet al for certain Periods, viz.

Blanks and Frizes of 50l. and under, for 3 Days; fupeiicr Prizes 14 Days.

On Notice from Holdeis of Shares, the Tickets may be further detained in such Custody.

that shall have been drawn a fee of not more than fifty Pounds, or having been first drawn on any Day of Drawing of any or either of the Lotteries under this Act, shall not entitle the Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, to any higher of larger Sum of Money than fifty Pounds, shall be so detained, and remain and continue in such Custody as aforesaid, until the Expiration of three Days after the Drawing of such Ticket; and on the Expiration of three Days next after the Drawing of such Ticket, shall be returned to the Owner or Owners thereof, his, her, or their Agent or Agents, Assignee or Assignees, upon producing the Receipt of the said Receiver General, or Person or Persons, with whom the same shall have been deposited as aforesaid; and every fortunate Ticket so deposited as aforesaid, which shall have been drawn a Prize of one hundred Pounds, or any higher Prize, or which shall entitle the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, to any larger Allowance or Sum of Money than one hundred Pounds, by reason of the same haring been first drawn on any Day of Drawing, or by or through any other beneficial Chance in any or either of the said Lotteries, shall be detained, and remain and continue in the Hands of such Receiver General, or other Person or Persons respectively aforesaid, fourteen Days after the same shall be drawn; and that during such Time it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, having or holding any Share or Shares in any such Ticket, to give Notice to the said Receiver General, or Person or Persons in whose Custody the same shall be, not to deliver or return the fame, until such Share or Shares, or Value thereof, shall have been paid and satisfied, or Security to the Satisfaction of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall belong, his* her, or their Agent or Agents given, for the Payment and Satisfaction thereof; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons haring the Custody of the Ticket, in respect whereof such Notice shall have been given, and he and they are hereby respectively required upon such Notice as aforesaid, and such Share or Shares as the Case may be, being deposited with the Receiver General or such other Persons as aforesaid, ' to detain such Ticket accordingly, until the Share or Shares so deposited as aforesaid shall be so paid or satisfied, or such Security given as aforesaid; and in case any Ticket so deposited as aforesaid shall remain unclaimed at the End of two Years from the Day of the Drawing thereof, the Money (if any) to arise by the Sale of such Ticket shall be retained in the Hands of the said Receiver General for the Time being, and be applied in defraying the Expences of the Stamp Office* in executing this Act, and otherwise in such Manner as is herein after mentioned.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all Fees and Sums of Money which shall, under this Act, be received at Application of the Stamp Office in Great Britain, or by any Officer or Officers thereof, in the Execution of the Trust reposed the Fees receiv-in such Officer or Officers, and of which the Application is not herein before directed, shall be paid into the ^_at Stamp Hands of the Receiver General of the said Office for the Time being; and he shall keep a separate and distinct

Account thereof, and thereout shall pay the Expence the said Office shall be put to in executing this Act, and also in defraying the Expences attending the Commission made forth for managing, directing, and drawing the Lotteries established by this Act, in such Manner as by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall from Time to Time be appointed, but subject nevertheless to such Rules and Orders in respect to the fame, as shall be given to the said Commissioners, from Time to Time, by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being; and as to the Residue of such Sums of Money, the said Receiver General shall pay such Relldue into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time and in such Manner as the Duties now charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are so directed to be paid; and in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of the Exchequer, there shall be provided and Account shall kept a Book or Books in which all the Monies paid into the said Receipt under this Act, shall be entered fepa- % be ke'>t in the Tate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any other Account; and such Monies so paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer under this Act, shall, from Time other Mom. to Time, be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, and shall not be issued but by Authority of Parliament.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That a separate and distinct Account arising from all Monies received in Application of Ireland, on Licences to keep Lottery Offices in Ireland, shall be kept by the several proper Officers, and the ihe Money ic-iame or a sufficient Part thereof, shall be paid and applied to defray the Charges and Expences relating to the granting such Licences, or arising in Ireland on account of the said Lotteries, in such Manner as the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, shalldircft; and that the Residue, if any, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

" Persons preparing, or haring in their Custody any Register or Lift of Tickets, other than complete Nu m« rical Registers or Lifts, in Books of the respective dimcnlions before-mentioned, or keeping any Place for exa-« mining Tickets, by any other than such Lift, Ife. shall forfeit 50l. $ 57." [&r §36. of 41. G. 3. (U.K.)

[c. 27.]

LVITf. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Managers and Directors of the Lottery, or the major Part of them, at any Meeting or Meetings to be held for that Purpose, to appoint, by and with the Con&mt and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them for the Time being, the Number of Tickets in the second and thud Lotteries respectively authorized by this Act, and the Nutnb.r and Value of the fortunate Tickets, and also any Sum or Sums of Money to be allowed to the Owners of any first or last drawn Ticktts on any Days of drawing of either of the said Lotteries, or any other bent tidal Chances in either of the said Lotteries, and al o the Days ai d Times and Place of drawing the said Lotteries, and each of them, and to cause such Notice to he given thereof in the Lm-don Gazette % as they shall deem expedient, and to prepare and deliver out the Tickets in the said Lotteries, and order, do, and perform all such Matters and Things relating to the said Lotteri. s, ai d for the fully a d elite -tBally carrying into Execution tlus Act, as to the Aid Two Lotteries, according to the true Intent and Meaning

thereof.

ceived on Account of Licences to keep Ix>t-lerv Odiccs in Ireland.

M.inpT-ors of the lx*'l'.V may app mt, with Vc pprob tiv.rj oi 1 realm y, the Suninei ui T i» Keo .ind IV i/O' m t ie

t< , 'U.! H i

thi d Lt>'terie-; o a if. t , t T1 ne ami IVrr ot thawina, and

give Notice thereof.

Each of the said lotteries shall be drawn iuEi^ht Days.

Emulations of Hus Act as to die first Lottery shall apply to the

othe.s.

From the passing of the Act, the Subalterns of the Militia shall have certain annual Allowances over the Pay they may be entitled to during Peace.

Subalterns shall take the following

Oath!

Justices shall transmit Oaths

to Receiver General.

Snl altcms shall aiivnd the an-

C. 54, 55. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

thereof, as are directed by this Act to be done and performed in respect of the said first Lottery, subject nevetv theless to the several Restrictions and Regulations in this Act contained in relation to the Lotteries established and authorized thereby; and that each of the said Lotteries shall be drawn in eight Days of drawing, with such Intervals between each Day of drawing as shall be appointed as aforesaid; and all and every the Rules, Regulations, Directions, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Restrictions, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things in this Act contained, in relation to the first mentioned Lottery', shall be observed and applied, and shall and are hereby declared to be in full Force as far as the same are or can be made applicable, and are not otherwise directed and provided for, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were herein specially and particularly re-enacted, as to the said two Lotteries.

" On Complaint on Oath of Offences against 27 Geo. 3. c. 1. whereby the Parties may be liable to Pu-" nifitment as Rogues, Justices may authorize Persons to break open Houses; Persons discovered in 4' such Houses concerned in carrying on illegal Transactions, shall be punished as Rogues, and may be arrested, etc. 44 Persons obstructing Officers, p 11 m (table by Fine, Iraprisonment, and whipping. Persons employing or aiding others to carry on such illegal Transactions shall be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds, §. eg. Manner in which Actions for Penalties shall be commenced, §60. Where the Amount of Penalties sued for is not inserted in Writs, the Defendant shall not be arrested, but be served with a Copy of the Procefc, £sV. $ 61. Offenders 'adjudged Rogues and Vagabonds may be committed, Proceedings not removeable by Certiorari, §. 62. 44 Persons sued may plead General Issue, Treble Costs, fi 63." [All precisely a* §37 — -41 & 41 Geo. 3. (U.K.) c. 27.] " Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §. 64."

CAP. LV.

An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia during Peace-

[28th May 1802.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make some Addition to the Pay of certain Subaltern Officers of the ' Militia Forces in England during Peace, under certain Regulations may it therefore ple&fe your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, certain annual Allowances, over and above the Pay to which during Peace they are now by Law entitled, shall for the future be allowed and paid to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, of the Descriptions, to the Amount, under the Restrictions, and in the Manner herein after expressed; {that is to say), to every Subaltern Officer of the Militia, who having, at any Time previous to the Expiration of Four Months from the passing of an Act of the iaft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Tims of Peace, been appointed to a Commission in the Militia, is now serving and shall nave continued faithfully to serve in the same Corps, until the disembodying thereof, the following annual Allowances, over and above the Pay to which they may be by Law entitled during Peace, shall be allowed and paid without any Deductions of any Kind, or for any Purpose whatsoever; (that is to say) to a Lieutenant twenty-five Pounds per Annum, and to an Ensign twenty Pounds per Annum, in the Manner herein after mentioned: Provided always, that all such Officers of the Militia who shall hold the Rank of Captain-Lieutenant, shall be deemed to be Lieutenants for the Purposes of this Act.

" Exceptions; §2." [As in §2. of \\ G. 3. (U.K.) c. 56.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers of the Militia, who shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive either of the said annual Allowances, shall, previous to receiving the fame, and in order to entitle themselves thereto, annually take and subscribe an Oath before some one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place to which the Regiment or Corps in which they serve shall belong, in the Words or to the Effect following; (videlicet)

4 T A- B. do swear, That I am now serving as a [Captain-Lieutenant, Lieutenant, or Ensign, as the Case may 4 A be-\ in the Regiment [or Corps] of Militia, and that I am not in my own

Right, or in Right of my Wife, nor have been since the disembodying of the said Regiment [$/ Corps], in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of such an annual Value above Reprizes, as would qualify me to hold a Captain's Commission in the ' Militia; that I am not, nor have been since the disembodying of the said Regiment [or Corps], an Adjutant ' or Battalion Clerk in any Regiment [or Corps] of Militia; that I do not hold or enjoy, nor have I held of enjoyed, nor does or has any Person for me hold or enjoy, or held or enjoyed, since the disembodying the said Regiment [or Corps], any Office or Income whatsoever from the Publick; and that 1 am not entitled either'to the Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Army, or Marines, nor have been since the disembodying of the said Regiment [or Corps].

'So help me God.*

Which Oath, so taken and subscribed, shall be by the said Justice forthwith certified and transmitted, and he is hereby required to certify and transmit the same to the Receiver General of the Land Tax of the County, Riding, or Place, to which the Regiment or Corps of Militia in which such Subaltern Officer shall be then serving shall belong, to be by him filed and preserved for the Purposes herein after mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Subaltern Officer of the Militia who shall be entitled, or claim to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act shall regularly attend the annual Exercise and Training of the Regiment

riment or Corps to which he belongs, during the Whole of the Time by Law appointed for that Purpose, and shall, during the said Time, punctually do and perform his Duty as a Subaltern Officer of such Regiment or Corps, on Pain of forfeiting the said annual Allowance, as well as the Rest of his Pay, and every Part thereof which may be due for the current Year in which he shall neglect or refuse to attend; and Certificates of his having so attended and performed his Duty, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Corps to which he may belong, shall be transmitted by the said Commanding Officer to the Lieutenant and Receiver General of the Land Tax of the County, Riding, or Place to which the said Regiment or Corps of Militia in which such Subaltern Officer shall be then serving shall belong, to be by the said Receiver General received

Previous to any such Subaltern Officer being entitled to demand or receive the said annual Allowance, or any 'art thereof; and in case any such Subaltern Officer, claiming to be entitled to such annual Allowance, shall by his Commanding Officer be permitted or suffered, for any special Cause or unavoidable Necessity, to be absent during the Whole or any Part of such annual Exercise (in which Case it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer to grant such Leave of Absence, and for such Subaltern Officer who may be so permitted to be absent, to demand and receive the said annual Allowance, and every Part thereof, in like Manner as if he had attended during the Whole of the said annual Exercise), the Reasons for such Absence, as well as the Duration thereof, shall be carefully and truly specified in the Certificates before mentioned, signed by the Commanding Officer, to be transmitted as soon as conveniently may be to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place, to which the Regiment or Corps shall belong, to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the same County, Riding, or Place, and to one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment or Corps of Militia, after the disembodying thereof, at any Time shall not be called out for the annual Exercise and Training thereof, every Subaltern Officer belonging to any such Regiment or Corps, and coming within the Description of this Act, who shall have taken and subscribed the Oath herein-before mentioned, before any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the said annual Allowance, as if such Subaltern Officer had regularly attended the annual Exercise and Training of such Regiment or Corps, during the whole of the Time by Law appointed for that Purpose, and a Certificate of such Attendance, signed by the Commanding Officer of the said Regiment or Corps, had been transmitted to the Lieutenant and Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding, or Place to which such Regiment or Corps belong, according to the Directions of this Act; any Thing contained in this Act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

Allowances shall be paid without Deduction, §6. Subalterns not attending when called upon, shall forfeit their Claims, and be considered as having resigned, §7 5" \A* under §§ 6 — 7, of 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 56.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Surgeon of Militia, who at the Time of passing this Act shall be entitled to the Benefit thereof, by reason of his holding a Commission of Lieutenant or Ensign in the Militia, of the Date required by this Act, may and shall continue to receive the like Allowance and under the like Regulations as is herein-before directed, in regard to the Lieutenants and Ensigns of Militia respectively, so long as he shall do the Duty of a Surgeon in the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which he now belongs, notwithstanding he may hereafter cease to hold such Subaltern's Commission as aforesaid.

" Allowances shall be paid by Receivers General on Production of Certificate. Subalterns may receive Pay " for attending the annual Exercise, but shall not be entitled to the Allowance while the Militia is embodied* Allowance mall extend only to a certain .Number, §9." [.As §8, of 41 G. 3. [U.K.) c. 56.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of the Militia, at the Time of disembodying thereof, there shall happen to be a greater Number of Lieutenants, coming within the Description8 of this Act, than can be entitled to claim the Benefits thereof, within the true Intent and Meaning of the foregoing Proviso, the Senior Lieutenants of such Number shall always be preferred, and shall be alone entitled to demand and receive the above-mentioned Allowances, and that the Junior Lieutenants shall succeed to such Allowances in Rotation as Vacancies may happen among the said Senior Lieutenants from Time to Time.

Powers of 26 G. 3. c. 107. for discharging Officers at the End of every five Years, shall not extend to Subalterns entitled to Allowances, § u« \As $ 10 of 41 G. 3. (£7. AT.) c. 56.] Continuance of the Aftf*25th March 1803, $ 12"

CAP. LVI.

An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting Stamp Duties on certain Medicines, and for charring other Duties in Lieu thereof*and for making effectual Provision for the better Collection of the said Duties.

[3d June 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled> 4 An Act for granting to his Majesty a Stamp Duty on Licences, to he taken out by certain Persons uttering or vend* ing Medicines; and certain Stamp Duties on ail Medicines fold under such Licences, or under the Authority of his Majesty's Letters Patent, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereofAnd whereas the Duties granted by the said Act are much evaded, and it will be for the Advantage of the Publick to repeal all the Rates and Duties granted by the said Act, and to grant to your Majesty the several new Rates and Duties herein after mentioned, and to make effectual Provisions for the collecting thereof; we therefore your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled,

do

nual Exercise, on Pain of forfeiting the Allowance and their Pay.

Certificates of such Attend-am* shall he transmitted b T the Commanding Officer to the Lieutenant and Receiver General.

OnLeave of Absence, the Reason thereof shall be inserted in the Certificate, which must also be fenttothe Secretary of State.

If Militia be not called out to annual Exercise*, the Subalterns shall still be entitled to the Allow a nee.

Surgeons now holding Commissions as Lieutenants or Ensigns, shall receive like Allowances*.

Senior Lieutenants shall have the Preference, and the Junior shall succeed on Vacancies#

*JG j.e. 79, (repealing 23 G. 3. c. 6l.) recited:

From Sept. 8, 1802, Duties imjxjfed by the recited Actfc of a; G. 3. and Powers as to fame, shall cease, except as to Arrears incurred before that Day.

New Duties, viz. for every Packet, Sec. of Medicines not exceeding is. in Value, id. 2q.:

Above is. and

not above 2S. 6d. — 3d.:

above 2s. 6d. to 4s.--6d.:

above 4s* to ios. — is.

above ios. to 20s. — 2*.;

above 20s. to 30s — 3s.:

above 30s. to 5os. — ios.:

and above 50s. — 20s.

Duties shall be p iid by the Owners of such Drugs before exposed to Sale, See.

Duties shall not extend to Articles mentioned in two Books of Rates referred to by 11 t. 2. c. 4. and 11 G. 1. c. 7.:

Nor to unmixed

Drugs sold by tegular Aputhe-Cuiies, See.

r*

C. 56. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

do most liumbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two, all the several Rates and Duties imposed by the said Act of the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that then and from thenceforth all the Powers and Authorities given and granted by the said Act, or by any subsequent Act relating to the said Rates and Duties for the levying, raising, or accounting for the fame, and all Penalties and Forfeitures relating thereto, shall also cease, determine, and be no longer put in Execution, save and except always as to any Arrears of the said several Rates and Duties, or either of them, which may, on the first Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two, remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on the first Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two, and the several Powers, Provisions, and Remedies for recovering the same respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two, there shall be raiftd, levied, and paid throughout Great Britain unto and to the Use of liii Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties following; that is to say, for and upon every Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure, containing any Drugs, Herbs, Pills, Waters, Essences, Tinctures, Powders, or other Preparation or Composition whatsoever, used or applied, or to be used or applied externally or internally as Medicines or Medicaments for the Prevention, Cure, or Relief of any Disorder or Complaint incident to or in anywise affecting the human Body, which shall be uttered or vended in Great Britain, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty according to the Rates following; (that is to say) Where such Packet, Box, Bottle, rot, Phial, or other Inclosure as aforesaid, with its Contents, shall not exceed the Price or Value of one Shilling, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of one Penny Halfpenny; and where such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure as aforesaid, with its Contents, shall exceed the Price or Value of one Shilling, and not exceed the Price or Value of two Shillings and Sixpence, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Three-pence; and where such Packet, Box, Bottle, rot, Phial, or other Inclosure as aforesaid, with its Contents, shall be above the Price or Value of two Shillings and Sixpence, and not exceed the Price or Value of four Shillings, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Sixpence; and where any such .Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure, with the Contents, shall be above the Price or Value of four Shillings, and not exceed the Price or Value of ten Shillings, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of one Shilling.; and where any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure, with its Contents, shall be above the Price or Value of ten Shillings, and not exceed the Price or Value of twenty Shillings, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of two Shillings; and where any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure aforesaid, with its Contents, shall be above the Price or Value of twenty Shillings, and not exceed the Price or Value of thirty Shillings, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of tl re! Shillings; and where any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure aforesaid, with its Contents, shall be above the Price or Value of thirty Shillings, and not exceed the Price or Value of fifty Shillings, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of ten Shillings; and where any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure as aforesaid, with its Contents, shall be above the Price or Value of fifty Shillings, there shall be paid a Stamp Duty of twenty Shillings.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Rates and Duties by this Act granted, shall be payable and paid by the Owners and Proprietors, or Makers and Compounders, or original and first Venders of such Drugs, Herbs, Oils, Waters, Essences, Tinctures, Powders, or other Preparations or Compositions aforesaid, and shall be charged upon and payable and paid in respect of the same, and of every Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure aforesaid, with any such Contents as aforesaid, before the same shall be first sold by or delivered out of the Custody or Possession of the Owners, Proprietors, Makers, Compounders or original and first Venders thereof, for Sale, either Wholesale or Retail, either for Foreign or Home Consumption, or otherwise, and before the same shall in any way be tittered or vended either for Foreign or Home Consumption, or exposed to Sale, or offered or kept ready for Sale, and not in Bulk, in any Snop, House, or other Place, by any such Owner, Proprietor, Maker, Compounder, or original and first Vender aforesaid, or any Person or Persons, on his or her Behalf.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein-before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the Rates or Duties hereby imposed, any Drug or Drugs named or contained in either of the Books of Rates (that is to say), the Book of Rates subscribed with the Name of Sir Harbotile GAmstone Baronet, and mentioned and referred to by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, or in the other Book of Rates, intituled, An Additional Bock of Rates of Goods and Merchandises usually imported, and not particularly rated in the Book of Rates referred to in the Act of Tonnage and Poundage, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, with Rules, Orders, and Regulations fgned by the Right Honourable Spencer Compton, Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons, and mentioned and referred to by an Act made and passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First; nor to any medicinal Drug or Drugs whatsoever, which shall be so uttered or vended entire without any Mixture or Composition with any other Drug or Ingredient whatsoever, by any Surgeon, Apothecary, Chymist, or Druggist who hath served a regular Apprentice ship, or by any Person who hath served as a Surgeon in the Navy or Army, under any Commission or Appointment, which shall have been duly entered at the War Office or Navy Office, or by any other Person whatsoever licensed in pursuance of this Act; but that all such Drugs shall and may be uttered and vended by all such Surgeons, Apothecaries, Chymists and Druggists as aforesaid, freed and discharged from the Rates and Duties

377

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 56.

by this Act imposed on Drugs, in such Manner as they respectively before the passing of this Act and the said herein recited Act might have done.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the like Rates or Duties any Mixtures, Compositions, or Preparations whatsoever, mixed or compounded with or prepared from medicinal Drugs, medicated or chemical Preparations or ^Compositions, or other Ingredients bearing different Denominations, or having different Properties, Qualities, Virtues, or Efficacies, which shall be uttered or vended by any such Surgeon, Apothecary, Chymist, or Druggifl, as aforesaid, or by any such Person who hath served as a Surgeon in the Navy or Army under any such Commission or Appointment as aforesaid, the different Denominations, Properties, Qualities, Virtues, and Efficacies of which Mixtures, Compositions, and Preparations as aforesaid, are known, admitted, and approved of in the Prevention, Cure, or Relief of any Disorder, Malady, Ailment, or Complaint, incident to or in anywise affecting the human Body, and wherein the Person mixing, compounding, preparing, uttering, or vending the fame, hath not nor claims to have any occult Secret or unknown Art, for the mixing, compounding, or preparing, the fame, nor hath nor claims to have any exclusive Right or Title, the mixing, compounding, or preparing or to the vending the fame, and which Mixtures, Compositions, or Preparations have not been, are not, nor hereafter shall be prepared, uttered/ vended, or exposed to Sale, under the Authority of any .Letters Patent under the Great Seal, nor at any Time heretofore have been, now are, or hereafter shall be by any Public Notice, Advertisement, or by written or printed Papers or Hand Bills, or by any Labels or Words written or printed, and affixed to or delivered with any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure aforesaid, held out or recommended to the Public by the Owners, Proprietors, Makers, Compounders, original or first Venders thereof, as Nostrums or proprietary Medicines, or as Specifics, or as beneficial for the Prevention, Cure, or Relief of any such Distemper, Malady, Ailment, or Complaint as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Owner, Proprietor, Maker, and Compounder of, and every Person in Great Britain, uttering, vending, or exposing to Safe, or keeping ready for Sale, any such Drugs, Herbs, Pills, Waters, Essences, Tinctures, Powders, or other Preparations or Compositions whatsoever, uled or applied or to be used or applied externally or internally as Medicines or Medicaments, for the Prevention, Cure, or Relief of any Disorder or Complaint incident to or in anywise affecting the human Body, or any Packets, Boxes, Bottles, Pots, Phials, or other Inclosures aforesaid, with any such Contents as aforesaid subject to the Duties herein before granted, shall annually take out a Licence; and that for and upon every Licence so taken out by any such Person who shall reside within the Cities of London or Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, or within the Limits of the Two-penny Post, or within the City of Edinburgh, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of forty Shillings; and for and upon every Licence so taken out by any other such Person who shall reside in any City, Borough, or Town Corporate, or in the Towns of Manchester, Birmingham, or Sheffield, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of ten Shillings; and for and upon every Licence so taken out by any other such Person redding in any other Part of Great Britain, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of five Shillings.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more effectual levying and collecting all the said Duties herein-before granted, the dune shall be under the Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being, appointed to manage the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and empowered to appoint and employ such Officers under them for that Purpose, and to allow such Salaries and incidental Charges as may be necessary, and to provide and use such Stamps to denote the said several Duties as shall be requisite in that Behalf, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the said Rates and Duties herein-before granted, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they or the major Part of them are or is authorized to put in Execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two, any two or more of his Majesty's Commissioners appointed for managing the Duties arising-by Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or some Person duly authorized by them, shall grant Licences to all such Persons as are required to take out any Licences under this Act; and the said Licences shall continue in force until the first Day of September in each Year, to commence from the Day of the Date of every such Licence, and every Owner, Proprietor, Maker, Compounder, or Person who shall utter, vend, or expose to Sale, or keep ready for Sale any such Drugs, Herbs, Medicines, Medicaments, or other Preparations or Compositions aforesaid. Packets, Boxes, Bottles, Pots, Phials, or other Inclosures aforesaid, with any such Contents as aforesaid, shall in like Manner renew such Licence from Year to Year, paying down the respective Sums due for the Stamps, on such Licences as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two, no Person whatsoever shall in any Manner take or receive any Profit, Advantage, or Emolu-ment, a* the Owner or Proprietor of, or make or compound, or utter, vend, or expose to Sale, or keep ready for Sale, any Drugs, Herbs, Medicines, Medicaments, or other Preparations or Compositions aforesaid, or any Packets, Boxes, Bottles, Pots, Phials, or other Inclosures aforesaid, with any such Contents as7 aforesaid, which shall be subject to the Duties granted by this Act, unless he or she shall have first obtained a Licence in such Manner as is herein-before directed, upon Pain to forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-before is directed.

X. And, in order to secure the Duties hereby imposed, be it further enacted, That every Person and Per-toos making, compounding, preparing, uttering, vending, or exposing to Sale, or keeping ready for Sale, any such Drugs, Herbs, Medicines, Medicaments, or other Preparations or Compositions aforesaid, or any Packets,

42° GiO. III. 1 C Boxes,

Nor to Mixtures, See. prepared by regular Apothecaries, Sec. not cl timing the Secret of, or exclusive Right to, the preparing the fame:

and not fold under Letter! Patent or advertised as Nostrums, See.

Perfom vending Preparations liable to Duties shall take out an annual Licence.

Rates of Duties on Licence*.

Duties Outl be under the Commissionent for Stamps.

Fmm Sept r. 1802, Commissioners for Stamps may grant Licences, which shall continue in force till Sept x. yearly.

Persons felling Medicines liable to Duties without a Licence, shall forfeit 20l.

Persons vending such Medicine* shall apply to

378

the Commis-

iiuners of Slumps lor Covers, or Labels, and deliver in a Note containing their Name and Place of Abode.

Such Covers or Labels shall be im pic fled wiih the respective Duties, and shall be affixed to the Medicines before ex-po»ed to Sale, in such Manner as the Commissioners shall <^irect; anti Regulations for that Purpose shall be delivered to the Vendor on taking out his Licence.

Persons vending Medicines not having the Label (o affixed thereto, shall forfeit tol. for every Packet, lie.

Persons fraudu-)ently taking off Isabels after the Medicines are fold, or using such- Labels a second Time, &c. shall forfeit aol.

Persons felting or buying La-

C. 56. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

Boxes, Bottles, Pots, Phials, or other Inclosures aforesaid, with any such Contents as aforesaid, which are subject to the Duties hereby granted, shall from Time to Time apply to the ft id Com millio tiers of Stamps, or to the Officers appointed for the Purpose, for Paper Covers, Wrappers, or Labels, to be pasted, duck, fadened, or affixed to such Packets, Boxes, Bottles, Pots, Phials, or other Inclosures, with any such Contents as aforesaid; and every such Person at the Time of making such Application, shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Officer of Stamps to whom such Application shall be made, a Note in Writing containing his Name and Place of Abode, and the Place where the Drug, Herb, Medicine, Medicament, Preparation, or Composition, in respect whereof such Application shall be made, is fird fold; and every such Note in Writing shall be filed by the Officer of Stamps to whom the same shall be delivered.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby directed and required to print or impress, or cattle to be printed or impressed, on the said Papers, Covers, Wrappers, or Labels, some Mark, Devise, or some particular Word or Words to denote the said Duties, and the Rate thereof, and the said Commissioners are hereby also required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, from Time to Time, to every such licensed Owner, Proprietor, Maker, Compounder, or Vendor, as Occasion shall require, sufficient Covers, Wrappers, or Labels, for the Purpose aforesaid, on Payment of the respective Sums due for the Stamps thereon; and all and every the Packets, Boxes, Bottles, Pots, Phials, and other Inclosures aforesaid, with any such Contents as aforesaid, when and as foou as the same shall be made ready for Sale, and shall be kept ready for Sale, and before the same are uttered, vended, or exposed to Sale by any Person or Persons whatsoever, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, either Wholesale or Retail, shall have well and sufficiently pasted, stuck, fattened, or affixed thereto, such Covers, Wrappers, or Labels, damped, marked, impressed, or distinguished as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct; and the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time devise and direct the Manner in which such Covers, Wrappers, or Labels, shall be pasted or affixed to the said Wares, or other Article or Articles aforesaid, or to the Papers, Thread, or other Thing inclosing, or which shall be directed by the said Commissioners to inclose the lame, and to make such Rules and Regulations in that Behalf, as they shall think fit and necessary to prevent any such Covers, Wrappers, or Labels aforesaid, from being made Use of again, after they shall have been fold and disposed of; which Rules, Regulations, and Directions, shall be delivered to all and every Owner, Proprietor, Maker, Compounder, and Vendor aforesaid, at the Time of his, her, or their taking out his or her first Licence, directed to be taken out by this Act, and so from Time to Time with every future Licence which shall be granted, if any Variation or Alteration shall have been made in such Rules, Regulations, or Directions.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall utter, vend, or expose to Sale, or offer or keep ready for Sale, whether for Foreign or Home Consumption, or buy or receive, or keep for the Purpose of selling by Retail, either on his, her, or their own Account and Behalf, or on the Behalf of any other Person or Persons whatever, any Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, or Phial, or any other Inclosure, containing any Drug, Herb, Medicine, Medicament, or other Preparation or Composition aforesaid, subject to the Stamp Duties hereby imposed, tinless the Cover, Wrapper, or Label hereby directed to be patted, stuck, fattened, or affixed to the fame, shall be well and sufficiently pasted, (luck, fattened, or affixed thereto, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time direct, and marked and damped as by this Act is directed, previous to such Sale, exposing to Sale, or offering for Sale as aforesaid, or keeping ready for Sale, or that shall have any Cover, Wrapper, or Label, patted, stuck, fattened, or affixed thereto, marked or stamped with a Mark or Stamp of leis Denomination or Value than by this Act is directed, under Pain that all and every such Person and Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay for every Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, or Phial, or other Inclosure, containing any such Drug, Herb, Medicine, Medicament, or other Preparation or Composition aforesaid, ib uttered, vended, or exposed to Sale, or kept ready for Sale, the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XIII. And, to prevent the Cover, Wrapper, or Label, and the Mark or Stamp thereon hereby directed to

4 be patted, stuck, fattened, or affixed to every Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure, containing any Drug, Herb, Medicine, Medicament, or other Preparation or Composition aforesaid, from being made Use of again after they have been fold and disposed of, to be affixed to other Packets, Boxes, Bottles, Pots, Phials, or other Inclosures, containing any Drugs, Herbs, Medicines, Medicaments, or other Preparations or Compositions as aforesaid, by which Practices his Majesty's Revenue might be lessened or diminished be it therefore enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the first Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two, fraudulently cut, tear, or take off any Mark or Stamp in respect whereof or whereby any Duties are hereby payable or denoted to be paid or payable to his Majesty, on any Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, or Phial or other Inclosure, containing any Drug, Herb, Medicine, Medicament, or other Preparation, or Composition aforesaid, subject to the Duties hereby imposed, after the same shall have been sold or disposed of as aforesaid, or shall fraudulently paste, (lick, fallen, or affix to any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, or Phial, any Cover, Wrapper, or Label, so marked and stamped as aforesaid, the same having once been made Use of for the Purpose aforesaid, or shall utter, vend, or expose to Sale any Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure, containing any Drug, Herb, Medicine, Medicament, or other Preparation or Composition aforesaid, with such Cover, Wrapper, or Label, so fraudulently cut, torn, or taken off as aforesaid, and pa^ed, stuck, fattened* or affixed thereto, all and every Person and Persons so offending in any of the Particulars before-mentioned, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XIV. 4 And, to prevent Persons from fraudulently felling or buying any Covers, Wrappers, or LabeL, which have been before made U£e of for denoting any of the Duties by this Act imposed, of any Packets

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 56.

Boxes, Bottles, Pots, Phials, or other Inclosores, wherein any Drugs, Herbs, Medicines, Medicaments, or other

Preparations or Compositions aforesaid, shall have been contained, and fold, and disposed of, wish such Covers,

Wrappers, or Labels, pasted, stuck, fastened, or affixed thereto; be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the first Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two, fell or buy any such Cover, Wrapper, or Label, which hath before been made Use of for the inclosing any Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, or Phial, or other Inclosure, of any Drug, Herb, Medicine, Medicament, or other Preparation or Composition liable to the Duty hereby imposed, in order to be again made Use of for the like Purpose, or shall fell any Packv*, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure, with such Cover, Wrapper, or Label, which hath before been made Use of as aforesaid, pasted, stuck, fastened, or affixed thereto, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if either the Buyer or Seller of any such Drug, Herb, Medicine, Medicament, or other Preparation or Composition, or of any such Cover, Wrapper, or Label, or any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure, shall inform against the other Party concerned in buying or selling such Drug, Herb, Medicine, Medicament, or other Preparation or Composition, or Cover, Wrapper, or Label, or such racket. Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure, the Party so informing shall be admitted to give Evidence against the Party informed against, and shall be indemnified from the Penalties by him or her incurred, and shall receive the same Benefit ana Advantage as any other Informer shall be entitled to by virtue of this Act for such Information.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the Time being, appointed to manage the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall allow and pay to every Person that shall be supplied with Paper Covers, or Wrappers, or Labels as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, the Duty whereof hereby imposed shall amount to the Sum of five Pounds or upwards, after the Rate of five Pounds in the hundred Pounds per Annum; and if such Duty shall amount to the Sum of fifty Pounds or upwards, after the Rate of ten Pounds in the hundred Pounds per Annum; and if such Duty shall amount to the Sum of one hundred Pounds or upwards, after the Rate of twelve Pounds ten Shillings in the hundred Pounds per Annum; upon present Payment of the said Duty upon the said Paper Covers, Wrappers, or Labels, so by them brought.

XVII. And whereas the passing on and affixing the said Covers, Wrappers or Labels, in the Manner and under the several Rules, Regulations, and Directions to be made by the said Commissioners, will tend greatly to secure the said Duties by this Act granted be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two, every Person and Persons who shall make, prepare, or compound, or keep ready for Sale, or utter, vend, or expose to Sale any such Drugs, Herbs, Medicines, Medicaments, Preparations, or Compositions aforesaid, or any Packets, Boxes, Bottles, Pots, Phials, or other In-dofure aforesaid, with any such Contents as aforesaid, liable to any of the Duties granted by this Act, shall, before they respectively obtain a Licence in pursuance of this Act, give or fend Notice in Writing of the usual Shop, Ploufe, or Place, Shops, Houses, or Places, where they respectively shall make, prepare, compound, keep ready for Sale, utter, or vend, or expose to Sale «the fame, or intend so to do; which Notice shall be given, or sent to the Commissioners for the Time being, for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or to their Officers next adjacent to the Place or Places respectively where the same arc made, prepared compounded, kept ready for Sale, uttered, vended, or exposed to Sale, or intended so to be; and the like Notice shall be given or sent by every such Person or Persons as often as they respectively shall change any such Place; which Notice shall contain the particular Shop or House wherein the same are so made, prepared, compounded, kept ready for Sale, vended, or exposed to Sale, or intended so to be, upon Pain that ever)' Person making Default m giving Notice as aforesaid, or giving any falie Notice, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Covers, Wrappers, or Labels, shall be damaged, defaced, or spoiled, in affixing the same upon such Wares or other Articles as aforesaid, or otherwise, so as to be rendered unfit for Use, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, licensed in pursuance of this Act, to bring such Covers, Wrappers, or Labels so marked and stamped as aforesaid, together with the Warts or other Articles to which the same shall have been affixed, to the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties, or to the Head Officer appointed by them; and on Oath (or solemn Affirmation in case lucn licensed Person shall be one of the People called Quakers, } thereof made by such licensed Person to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or Head Officer so appointed (who are hereby authorized to administer such Oath or solemn Affirmation, and to examine into all Circumstances relating to the damaging, defacing, or spoiling the fame), that such Covers, Wrappers, or Labels, so defaced or spoiled, or rendered unfit for the Purpose intended, have not been used for any other Purpose, or in any other Manner whatsoever, and that none of them have been fraudulently re-bought or returned, after the same have been sold or disposed of; and that no Money or other Consideration hath been paid or given for the fame, save and except the Money first paid for such Covers, Wrappers, or Labels, at the Stamp-Office, or other Places appointed by th* Commissioners for the Distribution thereof; then and in such Case the said Commissioners are hereby required and directed, after destroyinc such defaced Covers, Wrappers, or Labels, to deliver to such licensed Person other Covers, Wrappers, or Labels of the same Denomination or Value, instead of the Covers, Wrappers, or JLabcts so damaged, defaced, or spoiled, or rendered unfit for Use as aforesaid, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly, for the same any Sum of Money or other Consideration whatsoever.

XIX. And, in order to obviate any Doubts which may arise in the Construction of this Act for Want of«a particular Specification, Denomination, and Enumeration of the different Drugs, Herbs, Oils, Waters, «Eflcnces, Tindures, Powders, or Preparations, or Compositions which arc charged with or subject to the

3 C 2 4 Rates

379

bels for the Purposeof being used a second Time, or felling any Packet with such a Label, shall foileit 20l.

Either Buyer or Seller may inform against the other, and be himself indemnified.

Allowances for prompt payment of Duties'

Notice shall be given to the Commissioners for Stamps of the Place of making or vending Medicines, on Penal, ty of i oh

Covers or Labels defaced in affixing them oa the Articles may be returned to the Stamp Offir c, who, ou Oath being made that the same have not been frauduk nr« Iv u*cd, &r. shall change them lot others.

A shall extend to all Articles named i« the Schedule

380 C. 56. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

annexed, and to all Article! of the like Qualities;

wherein a secret Art or exclusive Right is claimed, or which Hull be advertised as No-itrums, &c.

Personi counterfeiting Stamps, Marks, &c. guilty of Felony without Clei*y.

Powers of all former AlU relative to Stamp Duties extended to this Act.

Application of Penalties.

AVhere to be sued for.

In Default of Prosecution in Time limited, the whole Penalties belong to his Majesty.

Just ice 3 may determine Matters relative to any pecuniary Penalties, within six Months after the Of-jertce.

Rates or Duties by this Act imposed or to which the same shall extend be it declared and further enabled, That the Rates and Duties hereby imposed on Drugs, Herbs, Oils, Waters, Essences, Tinftjures, Powders* and other Preparations, or Compofkions, used or applied, or to be used or applied as Medicines or Medicaments for the Prevention, Cure, or Relief of any Distemper, Malady, Ailment, or Disorder incident to or in anywise-affecting the human Body, and upon Persons uttering or vending the fame, and all the Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Distributions of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by this Act, for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing the said Rates and Duties, shall extend, and be deemed and adjudged to extend, to charge with the said Rates and Duties all and every the Article and Articles mentioned, named, enumerated, or specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed by the respective Names therein mentioned, or by whatsoever other Name or Names the same have heretofore been, now are, or hereafter shall be called, known, or cliftioguished; and also all Pills, Powders, Lozenges, Tinctures, Potions, Cordials, Electuaries, Plaisters, Unguents, Salves, Ointments, Drops, Lotions, Oils, Spirits, medicated Herbs and Waters, chemical and officinal Preparations whatsoever of the Came or the like Properties* Qualities, Virtues, and Efficacies with those Articles so mentioned, named, enumerated, or specified therein, or any of them made, prepared, uttered, vended* or exposed to Sale, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, wherein the Person making, preparing, uttering, vending, or expcling to Sale the fame, hath, or claims to have any occult, secret, or unknown Art for the making or preparing the fame, or hath, or claims to have, any exclusive Right or Title to the making or preparing the fame, or which at any Time heretofore have been, now are, or hereafter shall be prepared, uttered, vended, or exposed to Sale under the Authority of any Letters Patent under the Great Seal, or which at any Time heretofore have been, now are, or hereafter shall be, by any public Notice or Advertisement, or by written or printed Papers, or Hand Bills, or by any Label's or Words written, printed, or affixed to, or delivered.with any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Phial, or other Inclosure aforesaid, held out or recommended to the Public, by the Makers, Vendors, or Proprietors thereof, as Nostrums or proprietary Medicines, or as Specifics, or as beneficial for the Prevention, Cure, or Relief of any such Distemper, Malady, Ailment, or Complaint as aforesaid; and shall also extend and be deemed and adjudged to extend, to charge with the Rates and Duties imposed on Licences all and every Person and Persons respectively who shall utter, vend, or expose to Sale, any such Preparations or Compositions as aforesaid, in such Manner as aforesaid.,

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used or provided, made or used in pursuance of this Act, for the Pupose of denoting the Duties by this Act granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Htirs, or Successors, of any of the said Duties, or shall utter, vend, or sell any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper directed to be marked or stamptd with any Mark or Stamp provided and used in pursuance of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament for denoting the Duties thereby granted, wfith a counterfeit Mark or Stamp thereupon, knowing such Mark or Stamp to be counterfeit, or if any Person shall privately and fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, then every such Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, relating to the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall be of full Force and Effect with relation to the Rates and Duties hereby imposed; and shall be applied and put in Execution, for raising, levying, collecting, and securing the said new Rates and Duties hereby imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if the lame had severally and respectively been hereby enacted, with relation to the said new Rates and Duties hereby imposed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties hereby imposed shall be divided and distributed (if sued for within the Space, of six Calendar Months from the Time of any such Penalty being incurred), in Manner following; one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full C0H3 of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties imposed on any Person or Persons for Offences committed against this Act, shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, for Offences committed in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, or the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and in his Majesty's Court of Sessions, Court of Justiciary, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for Offences committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Division or Distribution of the Penalties as aforesaid shall be, and is hereby confined and restricted to the prosecuting for the same within the Time herein-before for that Purpose limited; and that in Default of such Prosecution within the Time aforesaid, no Informer or Informers shall have or be entitled to any Part or Share of such Penalties, but that the Whole thereof shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and Successors, and shall be recoverable in Manner aforesaid; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace residing near the Place where the Offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any Offence against this Act, which subjects the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty, at any Time within six Months after the Offence committed, or to be committed, against this Act; and any Justice of the Peace refilling near the Place where any Offence shall be committed under this Act, is hereby authorized and required, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made in that Behalf, to summon the Party accused* and also the Witnesses

A.D. 1802, 42° GEORGII III. C. 56.

on either Side, and shall examine into the Matter of Fad; and, upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgment or Sentence for the Penalty or Forfeiture, according as in and by this Act is directed, and to award and issue out his Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the levying any .pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures (o adjudged on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed within fix'Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any, and where the Goods of the Offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the Penalty, to commit: such Offender to Prison, there to remain for the Space of three Months, unless such pecuniary Penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if any Person or Persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice, then he or they shall, and may upon giving Security to the Amount or Value of fudh Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such Costs as shall be awarded in case such Judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of jtbe Peace at the neat General Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, who are hereby empowered to summon anH examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame; and in case the Judgment shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justicea to award the Person or Persons to pay such Coils, occasioaed by such Appeal, as to them shall seem meet.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor, or of the Person or Persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such justice or Justices of the Peace before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such Manner and by such Means as herein-before directed as to other Penalties.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Offender iiall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, mutatis mutandis, that is to lay r

BE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

in the County of A. B: of was convicted before

me C.D. one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, residing near the Place where the

Offence was committed; for that the find A.B. on the Day of now last past,

did contrary to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided, \here state the Offence agsirt/i the AfT\ 4 and 1 do declare and adjudge that the said A. hath forfeited the Sum of of lawful

Money of Great Britain^ for the Offence aforesaid, to be distributed as the Law dinefts. Given under my Hand and Seal the Day of /

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice, where he shall see Cause, to mitigate and lessen any such Penalties as he shall think fit, reasonable Costs and Charges of the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the fame, being always allowed over and above such Mitigation, and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalties to less than one Moiety of the Penalties incurred over and above the said Costs and Charges, any Thing contained in this or any other Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; and no such Conviction shall be removed by Certiorariy into any other Court whatsoever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties herein-before granted, shall be paid from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being, of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct Account of the several Rates and Duties, and pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same being dedufteil, ) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time and in such Manner as the Duties now charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer aforesaid, shall be carried to, and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

[General Issue.]

- Treble Costs, } 30."

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers-

All Foreign Medicines except Drugs.

Asiatic Bilious pm*.

Arauebufade Water*

Aetherial Essence of Camphire.

Anodyne Opodeldoc.

Anodyne Necklaces.

Aromatic Cordial.

Arabian Balfacm.

Antiacid Lozenges.

Aniseed Lozenges.

Aoftin's Chalybeate Pills.

Aromatic Steel Lozenges, or Lozenges of SteeL

Adams's Solvent.

Arnold's Pills.

Atkinson's Plaisters.

Aromatic Spirits of Vinegar

Aetherial Anodyne Spirit.

Amboyna Mouth Powder.

Do. — I -otion.

Aromatic Nervine Tea.

Appleby's Tea.

Aflhmatic Candy.

Afpcricnt Antibilious Pills.

Anti

3*8*

Appeal to Quarter SefCvns.

Witnesses neglecting to attend shall forfeit 40s.

Form of Conviction.

Penalties may

be mitigated to one Half.

Duties shall bt paid into the Exchequer, and kept separate from othr* Duties.

1

A.D. 1802.

C. 56. 42° GEORGII III.

Anti Hysteric Pills.

Arnold's Drops.

Acidulated Balsamic Paftils.

Addison's reanimating European Balsam.

Anodyne Essence.

Asiatic Tonic Tincture.

Anima of Quaflia.

Arrow Root."

American Alterative Pills.

Anodinus, or Pedoral Pills, for Suppression of Bile. Angiband's lozenges of Bloi3.

Analeptic Pills.

Ague and Fever Drops.

Anderson's Scots* Pills.

Andalusia Water.

Antipetuffus.

Anterticumatic Drops.

Balsam of Liquorice.

Bolton's Tincture Aflmatica.

Blair's Cephalic Fluid.

Barclay's Aftmatic Candy.

Benzoin Lozenges.

Bott's Corn Salve.

Britishi Oil.

Berry's British Pills.

Barclay*8 Antibilious Pills.

Baieman's Drops.

Bott's Tooth Powder.

Brodum's Botanical Syrup.

Bowden's Plaisters.

Botanic Pills.

Beaume de Vie.

Bollock's Cordial.

Bourne's Aetherial Essence.

Blillering Ointment.

Browne's Rheumatic Powders.

Do. — British Pills.

Bathing Spirits.

Barton's Alterative Pomade*

Brazil Salts.

Balsam of Ireland Liverwort.

Black Currant Lozenges.

Bennett's Worm Powders.

Bayley's British Tooth Powder.

Barton's Vital Wine.

British Corn Salve.

British Pills.

Bell's Restorative Pills.

'Bateman's Golden and Plain Spirits of Scurvy Grass. Bolderson's Worm Cakes.

Balsam of Honey.

Beiker's Tincture.

Betton's original British Oil.

Birt's Martial Balsam.

Bollock's Grand Elixir.

Barlow's Specific Medicine.

Chinner's Rheumatic Pills.

Cornwell's Opodeldoc.

Clyde's Balsam.

Collier's Resolvent and Healing Plailler.

Culpepper's Hebbordial.

Callor Oil Medicine.

Church's Cough Drops.

Do. — Pe&oral Pills.

Clerval's Syrup.

Coltsfoot Lozenges.

Cachou de Rose Lozenges.

Camomile Lozenges

Cinnamon Pearls.

Ching's Worm Lozenges.

Church's Anodyne Essence.

Do. — Volatile Tincture.

Coral Lip Salve.

Chalybeate Pills.

Collier's Remedy.

Cephalic Snuff.

Camphorated Eye Water.

Church's Eye Salve.

Do. — Chilblain Ointment.

Chapman's Chilblain Water.

Do. — Cerate.

Cundell's Balsam of Honey.

Cornwell's Fruit Lozenges.

Candied Horehound.

Cornwell's Oriental Cordial.

Complin's Specific.

Chinner's Pills.

Collier's Ointment.

Do. — Assistant Pills.

Chemical Wash Balls.

Curtis's Syrup.

Cornwall's Oriental Cordial.

Camomile Pearls.

Compound Tincture of Columba.

Chalybeate Female Pills.

Cephalic Essence.

Clinton*8 Snuff.

Do. — Oil for Deafness.

Chymical Essence of Tar.

Carminative Tindlure.

Cordial Balm of Gilead.

Cox's Tincture.

Dixon's Antibilious Pills.

Dicey and Co's Daffy's Elixir.

De Velno's Syrup, by Svvainfon.

Deering's Drops.

Denovan's American Vegetable Syrup.

De Velno's Pills.

Delefcot's Myrtle Opiate.

Dutch Drops.

Dickinson's Red Drops for Convulsions.

Dalmahoy's Tasteless Salts.

Dropsy Powders.

Discutient Liquid for Cutaneous Eruptions, &c.

Dicey and Co.'s Bathing Spirits.

Doranlloff's Opodeldoc.

Dawson's Bath Lozenges of Honey.

Dentrifice of all Sorts.

Daffy's Elixir.

Dalby's Carminative.

Dickenson's Cephalic Drops.

Essence of Coltsfoot.

Do. — of Horehound.

Do. — of Penny Royal.

Edwards's Globular Herbal Nipple Cases.

Earl's Remedy for the Hooping Cough.

Eau de Luce.

Edinburgh Ointment.

Do. — Water.

Essence for the Head Ach.

Essence of Muflard, or Essence of Muflard Pills. Do. — of Benzoin.

Do. — of Kayon Ponti Oil.

Do. — of Peppermint.

Elixir for Hooping Cough.

Ellis's Asperient Pills.

6 Elixir

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 56.

Elixir of Longevity, or Swedish Preservative*

Frith's Antibilious Elixir.

Falck's Cerate.

Fothergill's Pedloral Pills.

Fraunce's Elixir.

Fry's Worm Pills.

Fothergill's Restorative.

Freake's Tindlure of Bark.

Freeman's Eye Water.

Do. — Bathing Spirits.

Friend to Man.

Falck's Universal Pills.

Fryars Balsam.

Findon's Drops.

Gout Essence.

Gardener's Pills.

Do — Ointment.

Guest's Lotion.

Do. — Pills.

Goulard's Extrifl.

Green's Oil, or Green's Infallible Oil.

Garaveni's Styptic.

Ginger Lozenges.

Godbold's Balsam.

Griffin's Aftmatic Tindlure.

Gowland's celebrated Lotion.

Glaflc'i Mag icfia.

Gamble's Aromatic Snuff.

Greenough's Tindlure.

Grey's Tooth Ach Lozenges.

-Guest's Tooth Powder.

G»ant's LiiLon Tonic Pills.

German Corn Salve.

Greenough's Tolu Lozenges*

Godfrey's Rose Lozenges.

German Com Plaister.

Grey's Lozenges.

Golden Spirits of Scurvy Grass.

Gowland's Lotion.

Ginger Candy.

Grey's Tooth Powder.

Ginger Pearls.

Godfrey's Smelling Salts.

Guest's welcome Guest and Powder.

Grubb's Fryars Drops.

Grand Specific or infallible Antidote to Consumptions. Godfrey's Cordial.

Grant's Drops.

Hill's Bardana Drops.

Do. — Gout Essence.

Hugh Smyth's Drops.

Hallam's Antibilious Pills.

Hadfield'8 Tindlure.

Hill's Tindlure of Centaury.

Horehound Lozenges.

Honey Lozenges.

Hayward's Stomachic Lozenges.

Haerlem Drops.

Hayinan's Drops.

Henry'8 Magnesia (calcined in Bottles).

Hamilton's Tindlure.

Hemet's Essence of Pearl and Pearl Dentriflcc. Hodson's Persian Restorative.

Hunter's Restorative Pills, or Balsamic Pills.

Hill's Canada Balsam.

Huxham's Tindlure of Bark.

Hallam's Quaflia Pills.

Hypo Drops.

Hanna's Wash.

Hamilton's Com Salve.

Henry's Aromatic Spirits of Vinegar.

Haemorrhoidal Powders for the Piles.

Haemorrhoidal Cerate.

Healing Salve peculiarly useful in Ulceration of the

Legs, &c.

Healing Salve for Scrophulous Ulceration.

Healing Salve for Bums and Scalds.

Howell's Powders

Hill's Tindlure of Valerian.*

Hewitt's Arralambarric Pills.

Hill's Bardana.

Hallam's Antibilious Pills.

Hodson's Syrup.

Hickman's Pills.

Hill's Pedloral Balsam of Honey.

Harvey's Anti venereal PiUs, and GrandReftorativeDrops. Hill's Balsam of Honey.

Hadley's Convulsive Powders.

Hewitt's Analambanic Pills.

Hill's Tindlure of Sage.

Do. Essence of Water Dock.

Do. Tindlure of Centaury.

Hamilton's Cinnamon Drops.

Do. Aftmatic Effluvia.

Do. Vegetable Balsamic Tindlure.

Hooper's Female Pills.

Holdsworth's Lozenges.

Hunter's Elixir.

Do. Restorative.

Heartburn Lozenges.

Imperial Oil.

Inglish's true Scots' Pills.

Ipecacuana Lozenges.

Improved Tindlure of Bark.

Infallible Restorative.

Indian Arrow Root.

Jesuit Drops.

Jones's Rheumatic Tindlure.

Jackson's Tindlure.

Juniper's Essence of Peppermint.

James's Medicine.

Jackson's famous Ointment.

Do. Corn Salve.

Jebb's Elixir.

Do. Pills.

James's Analeptic Pills.

Do. Fever Powder.

Kennedy's Com Salve*

Knight's Pills.

Kibe Ointment.

Keyfer's Pills.

Lemon Lozenges.

Lavender Do.

Lygnum's Antiscorbutic Drops and Lotion Lowther's Diuretic Drops.

Lamert's Ballam.

Liquid Sweat.

Leathe's celebrated Lotion.

Lourie's Eyewater.

Lowther's Nervous Ponders Do. Drops.

Leake's Chilblain Water.

Loid's Corn Salve.

Lygnum's Pills.

Lorraine's Consumptive Pilh.

Lee's Lozenges.

O.

A.D. 1802.

C. 56. 42° GEORGII ffl.

Lockyeris Pills.

Liquid Shell for the Stone and Gravel.

Lewis's Specific Pills.

Laxative rills.

Leake's Pills.

Leake's purifying- Drops.

Lozenges of all Sorts.

Lipfalves of all Sorts.

Lozenges of Blois.

Do. of Tolu.

Do. Stomachic.

Do. Specific.

Do. for the Heart Bum.

Le Cour's Imperial Oil.

Monfey's Rheumatic Powders.

Modena Foffil.

Marshall's Cerate.

Magnesia Lozenges.

Matthew's celebrated Remedies for curing without cutting or Pain, Packages for FiRula or Piles. Marshall's Wort Dissolvent.

Mayerfbach'8 Reflorative Powders.

Do. Mixture.

Do. Balsamic Pills.

Mustard Pills.

Medley'8 Aromatic Herb Snuff.

Matthew's Alterative Medicines and his Chemical Tincture.

Magnesia Tablets.

Metallic Tra&ors.

Nitre Drops.

Newton's Restorative Tooth Powder.

Norris's Tonic Essence.

Do. Chalybeate Pills.

Noulor's Corn Ointment.

Nitre Lozenges.

Norton's Maredant's Drops.

Norman's Syrup.

Nephritic Elixir.

Neurotica and Peptices Tincture.

Nervous Deobstruent Pills.

Norris's Drops.

Nervous Cordial.

Norton's Maredant's Antiscorbutic Drops*

Oriental Vegetable Cordial.

Ormskirk Medicine for the Bite of a Mad Dog. Opthalmic Lotion.

Orris Root Lozenges.

Oliverian Ointment for the Piles.

Optholmic Collyrium.

Pidding's Balsam of Liquorice.

Pomade Divine.

Prickett's Styptic.

Pullin's Purging Pills.

Peppermint Lozenges.

Paterofo Do.

Pontefract Cakes.

Peppermint Candy.

Perkins's Metallic Tra&ors.

Poppy Lozenges.

Peppermint Pearls.

Pul len's Antiscorbutic Pills.

Paraguay Tooth Powder.

Do. Lotion.

Pike's Ointment.

Pyrmont Tablets.

Paste for the Piles or Fiftula.

Powell's Eye Salve.

Prussian Lip Salve,

Pe&oral Lozenges of Honey.

Pafchall's Teething Remedy.

Plain Spirits of Scurvy Grass. iPe&oral Essence of Coltsfoot. Price's Breast Salve.

Peter's Tincture.

Do. Pills.

Pe&oral Pills for Suppression of Bile.

Quaflia Pills.

; Rymer*s Pectoral Medicine.

Robberds's Cough Drops.

Refined Liquorice.

Richardson's British Corn Salve.

Royal Pomade.

Rufpini's Styptic.

Riga Balsam.

Relfe's Nipple Ointment.

Do. — Suckling Assistant.

Rymer's Cardiac and Nervous Tin&use*

Do. — Detergent, Antibilious, and Antiscorbutic Pills.

Roche's Embrocation.

Rufpini's Tooth Powder.

Do. — Tincture.

Do. — Tincture for the Tooth Ach*

Radcliffe's Rheumatic Tincture.

Rogers's Antibilious Elixir.

Rook's Balsam. jRadcliffe's Purging Elixir.

Rose Lozenges.

Rose Tablets.

Rofeated Liquorice Lozenges*

Rogers' Antiscorbutic Pills.

Royal Tooth Powder.

Red Pills.

Roe's English Coffee.

Specific Lozenges.

Solomon's anti Impetigenes*

Smellome's Eye Salve.

Singleton's Golden Ointment and Eye Salve,

Solomon's Balm of Gilead.

Sedative Collyrium.

Strengthening Do.

Samaritan Restorative.

Solander's Tea.

Scott's Gout Pills.

Steer's Nitre Drops.

Do. — Convulsion Oil.

Do. — Camomile Drops.

Sanative Tea.

Do. — Salve.

Samaritan Water.

Spermaceti Lozenges.

Swiufon's anti Acid.

Do. — Ele&uary.

Do. — Worm Sugar Cakes-Do. — Ointment.

Sibley's Solar Tincture.

Do. — Lunar Tincture.

Stoughton's Bitters.

Spilfbury's Compound Essence.

Smith's Purifying Pills.

Specific Convulsion Drops.

Salts of Vinegar.

Sal Poignant.

iSimfon's Infallible CEtherial Tin&urc.

Stringer's Essence of Myrrh, and Myrrh Dentrifice. iSmith's Antihe&ic Balsam.

Story'#

C. 56, 57

A.D. 1801. 42° GEORGII III.;

385

Story's Worm Gakes. '

Schnid's Liquid Dentrifice.

Svvifs 13 ai fain.

£ea Weed Dentrifice.

Spa Elixir or Restorative Drops.

Byrup of Tolu.

Spanish Juice.

Specific Tincture.

Smith's Antibilious Pills.

Steers Paregoric.

Stomaohic Tablet3.

Specific for the Yellow Fever.

Steers Opodeldoc.

Sir Hans Sloane's Pills.

Sulphur Lozenges.

Sir Richard J bb's AntibiHous Elixir and Pills. Sharp's Hepatic Pills.

Stomachic Tindlure or Gout Drops.

Spencer's Dentrifice.

Squirrell's Tonic Powders and Tonic Drops. Sedative Collyriura for inflamed Eyes. Strengthening Do. for weak Eyes.

Saky's Essence of Squills.

Smart's Tindlure of Cafcarrilla Bark.

Sack Drop (an Emetic).

Sweating Powders for the Rheumatifim, Sandwell's Plaisters.

Smyth's Drops.

Specific Remedy (by WelTels).

Sterne's Balsamc ALther.

Spilflmry's Antiscorbutic Drops.

Speedman's Stomach Pills.

Spirits of Scurvy Grass.

Stomachic Lozenges.

Stoughton*8 Elixir.

Squire's Do.

Steer's Oil.

Steer's purging Elixir.

Sweedish Preservative, or Elixir of Longevity. Turkey Rhubarb Lozenges.

Tooth-Ach Pills.

Tasteless Ague Drops.

Tooley's Cordial.

Trotter's Asiatic Tooth Powder.

Traumatic Spirits.

Tonic Pills.

Tamarind Lozenges.

Thomas's Tolu Essence.

Tindlure of Angustura Bark.

Tickett's ASther.

Trowbridge or Golden Pills.

Tooth-Ach Fluid. Troches of Tamarinds,

Thompson's Ague TiA&ure.

Turkey Rhubarb (Tindlure of Do.)

Tincture of Coral, and Coral Dentrifice.

Tooth Powder of all Sorts.

Tinctures of all Sorts for the Teeth and Gums. Trocheaof all Sorts.

Tuberoga Vitae, or Chilblain Water.

Turlington's Balsam.

Velno's Vegetable Syrup.

Vinegar of Four Thieves.

Vegetable Embrocation.

Van Swieten'a Gout Cordial*.

Volatile Spirits of Lavender.

Vandour's Nervous Pills.

Vital Balm.

Walker's Jesuit Drops and Specific Remedy. Williams Asperient rills.

Whitehead's Essence of Mustard.

Williams's Essence of Benzoin or f ulmanic Drops. Willis's Aftmatic Pills'.

Winchs's Cough Drops.

Walsh's Ginger Seeds.

Do. — Pills.

Waik's Worm Nuts.

Wheatley's Ointment and Fluid.

Ward's Dropsy Pills.

Warren's British Tooth Powder.

Ward's Sack Emetic.

WaHh's Coltsfoot Lozenges.

Welsh's Female Pitts.

Waikey's Tooth Powder.

Walker's StomacMal Wine.

Webster's English Diet Drink.

Warren's Analeptic Pills.

Walford's Panacratic Powders.

Waller's incomparable Ointment.

Ware'8 Asthmatic Drops.

Ward's White Drops.

Do. — Essence for the Head Ach.

Do. — Liquid Sweat.

Do. — Red Pills.

Do. — Sack Drops.

Do. — Sweating Powders.

Do. — Paste.

Worm Cakes, Storey's.

Worm Sugar Plumbs.

Wray's Ague Pills.

Wash Balls, Chemical.

Zimmerman's Stimulating Fluid.

CAP. LVn.

An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting a certain Fund in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of a Teary to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt j and to direct the Application of additional Funds, in case of future Loans to the like Purpose, as relates to the Commissioners for carrying the same into Execution.

[3d June \ 8o^.]J

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland\ in the thirty-seventh Year of the ReignVV his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vefing a certain Fund in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of a If ear, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt; and to direct the Application, of ad- 4 ditional Funds in case of future Loans to the like Purpose, it is enacted, that the Right Honourable the Speaker* 4 of the House of Commons of Ireland, the Right Honourable the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland\ 4 the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, the Accountant General of the Revenue of IrelandL 4 and the Governor of the Bank of Ireland, shall be Commissioners for carrying into Execution the Purposes 01 4 the said Act, and that all Powers and Authorities which the said ComnufDoners are or may be enabled or rc«* 42 Geo. III. 3D quired

Irish A A, 37 G. 3-«c. 7-

386 C-57>58. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

The Fund established by the recited K& lor the Reduction of the KatiunJ Debt of Ireland vestrriin the Commission-ei s herein mentioned.

quired to exercise by the said or any future Act or Acts of Parliament shall and may be exercised by any

Number not less than four of the said Commissioners: And whereas in consequence of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, it is necessary to appoint additional Commissioners to ad under the said recited Act; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Mailer of the Rolls in Ireland, the Under Secretary in the Civil Branch of the Office of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant of Irelandt for the Time being, be, and are hereby added to the Commissioners for carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act; and that the Fund by the said Act vetted in the Commissionen therein described, shall be, and the same is hereby vetted in the said Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland\ the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, the Under Secretary in the Civil Branch of the Office of the said Chief Secretary, the Matter of the Rolls in Ireland, the Accountant General of the Revenue of Ireland, and the Governor of the Bank of Ireland, all for the Time being; and that the said Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland, the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, the Under Secretary' in the Civil Branch of the Office of the said Chief Secretary, the Matter of the Rolls in Ireland, the Accountant General of the Revenue of Ireland\ the Governor of the Bank of Ireland, all for the Time being, or any four of them, shall be, and are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to execute and perform all such Matters and Things as the Commissioners in the said recited Act describea, are thereby euabled or required to execute or perform.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities on Debentures, for the Service of

Ireland.

[3d June 1 802.}

Contributor! for every 911. 15s.

I id. Irish Currency shall be entitled to the Principal Sum of Tool, in Annuities, at 3l. 10s. per Cent, transferrable at the Bank of Ireland, fee. or, at (heir Option, to Debentures from the'kifhTrea-

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved that the Sum of one million six hundred twenty-five thousand rounds, Irish Currency, being one million five hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, be raised in Ireland, in Manner hereiA-after mentioned; and do thereby mott humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Contributor towards raising the said Sum of one million six hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds, Irish Currency, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, fluff for every Sum of ninety-one Pounds fifteen Shillings and Eleven-pence, Irish Currency, contributed and pafd, be entitled to the Principal Sum of one hundred Pounds in Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, transferrable at the Bank of Ireland, and the Interest to commence from the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and one, and to be payable at the said Bank half-yearly on the twenty-fourth Day of June and the twenty-fifth Day of December in every Year, or at his Option be entitled to have and receive a Debenture or Debentures from the Treasury of Ireland, for the Principal Sum of one hundred Pounds, Irish Currency, bearing an Interest of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annvmy to commence from the said twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and one, and to be payable at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland half-yearly, on the twenty-fourth Day of June and twenty -fifth Day of December in every Year.

fury fog xool bearing like Interest.

Contributors in respect of Annuities shall pay in their Subscrip-tkwn in the Proportion! and within the Periods herein Mentioned.

Contributors for

Debentures shall pay in their Sub-fcripii\j»t* in the Rke Manner.

II. 4 And whereas pursuant to and upon the Terms and Conditions expressed in the said Resolution, several Persons have subscribed together the Whole of the said Sum of one million six hundred and twenty five thousand Pounds, to be raised by Annuities or Debentures, and have made Deposits of ten Pounds p*r Centum on the respective Sums by them so subscribed to the said Sum of one million six hundred and twenty-five

thousand Pounds, ' be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may he lawful for such Contributors who have made such Deposit for the Purchase of such Annuities, to advance and pay unto the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland (which Cashier or Cashiers is and are hereby appointed the Receiver and Receivers or such Contributions without any other Warrant to be had in that Behalf), the several Remainders of the Sums by them respectively subscribed towards the said Sum of one million six hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds, at or before the respective Days and Times, and in the Proportions herein after limited and appointed in that Behalf; that is to say, the further Sum of ten Pounds per Centum on or before the eighteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, the further Sum of ten Pounds per Centum on or before the twentieth Day of July then next following, the further Sum of fifteen Pounds per Centum on or before the twentieth Day of August then next following, the further Sum of fifteen Pounds per Centum on or before the twenty-seventh Day of September then next following, the further Sum of ten Pounds per Centum on t, t before the twenty-third Day of October then next following, the further Sum of fifteen Pounds per Centum on or before the twenty-seventh Day of November then next following, and the remaining Sum of fifteen Pounds

Centum on or before the thirtieth Day of December then next following.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Contributors who have made such Deposit for the Purchase of Debentures, to advance and pay to the Teller and Cashier of his Majesty's Exchequer in Dublin (which Teller and Cashier is hereby appointed the Receiver of such Contributions without any other Warrant to be had in that Behalf), the several Remainders of the Sums by them respectively subscribed towards the said Sum of one million six hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds, at or before the like Days

and

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 58.

and Times, and in the like Proportions, at or in which the Contributors to the Sums subscribed for the Purchase of Annuities are herein-before required to pay the same.

IV. And be it enacted, That every Contributor who shall make any of the Payments aforesaid, before the Times they are respectively payable, ftddl be allowed on every such Payment an Interest, by Way of Discount, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum for the Sum so advanced, to be computed from the Day of paying in the same to the Time the same is payable as aforesaid; which Allowance is to be paid by the said Cashier or Cashiers, or the said Teller and Cashier, out of the Monies to be contributed in pursuance of this Act, as soon as such respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns shall have completed such Payments.

V. And be it enacted, That the several Subscribers or Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, in respect of the said Sum of one million six hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds, shall be entitled to an Annuity after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum for every ninety-one Pounds fifteen Shillings and Eleven-pence by him, her, or them respectively advanced and paid, to commence from the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and one, or to a Debenture from the Treasury of Ireland for the Principal Sum of one hundred rounds, bearing an Interest of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, to commence from the said twenty-fifth Day' of December One thousand eight hundred and one; and the said Annuity of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum shall be payable and paid half-yearly at the Bank of Ireland, by even and equal Portions, on the twenty-fourth Day of June and twenty-fifth Day of December in every Year; the first Payment thereon to be due on the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two; and the Interest on the said Debentures shall be payable and paid at the Exchequer of Ireland, by even and equal Portions, on the twenty-fourth Day of June and the twenty-fifth Day of December in every Year, the first Payment thereon to be due on the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two; but the said Annuities shall not be payable until the respective Subscribers or Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall have completed the Whole of the Sums by them subscribed for the Purcfiafe of the said Annuities.

VI. And be it enacted, That as soon as any Contributors who shall have subscribed for any Principal Sum in Annuities, transferrable at the Baak of Ireland, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns shall have completed their Payments of such Part of the whole Sum payable by them respectively towards the said Sum of one million six hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds, as shall be payable in respect of the said Annuities of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum, the Principal Sum or Sums in the said Annuities shall forthwith be, in the Books of the Bank of Ireland, placed to the Credit of the respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, completing their Payments respectively; and the Persons to whose Credit such Principal Sums shall be so placed, their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall have Power to assign and transfer the fame, or any Part, Share, or Proportion thereof, to any Penon or Persons; and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be, to prepare proper Books for the rurpose of entering the Names of all such Contributors, and placing to their Credit the Principal Sums so paid by them respectively, and that such of the said Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, who shall complete their Payments of such Part of the whole Sum payable by them respectively towards the said Sum of one million six hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds, as shall be payable in respectc of the said Annuities, at any Time before the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall have prepared their Receipts, according to the Directions of this Act, shall be entitled to have the Sums so paid forthwith placed to their Credit in the Books of the Bank of Ireland; and the said Governor and Company are hereby required to cause such Sums to be forthwith placed to the Credit of the Persons entitled to the Annuities in respect thereof in the Books of the Bank of Ireland, and such Entries in the said Books shall be in lieu of the Receipts hereby directed to be given for all Sums paid in Manner aforesaid; and such Sums shall carry Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum redeemable by Parliament; and shall be taken and deemed to be Stock transferable according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act until Redemption thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Contributor who shall have subscribed for the Purchase of Debentures, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and who shall have made Payment of any Instalment thereon, shall be entitled to receive from the proper Officers of his Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, Debentures for the Sum he, she, or they shall be entitled to in respect thereof; and shall also on Payment of the Instalments, payable on the said thirtieth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, be entitled to receive Debentures in respect of the Sum deposited by him, her, or them, as aforesaid: Provided always, that no Sum to be expr fled in any Debenture mall be other than one hundred Pounds or fifty Pounds; and in case there shall be any fractional rart of the Sum of fifty Pounds, to which any Subscriber shall be entitled in respect of the Sum contributed and paid by him, stich fra&ional Part shall be placed to the Credit of such Contributor in the Books of the Bank of Ireland, in Manner as if such Contributor had subscribed to th*fame in Annu'tiea.

VIII. And be it enacted, That a Debenture at the Rate of one hundred Pounds, for cvciy Sum of ninety-one Pounds fifteen Shillings and Eleven-pence to be subscribed and paid at the Receipt of his Majesty's chequer in Dublin* bearing such Interest as aforesaid, shall be given by the proper Officers of his Majesty's Treasury in Dublin, in like Manner as hath been uftially done in Cases where Principal Sums have been heretofore borrowed in Ireland on Loan by Debentures; and the Debentures so to he given shall be numbered in numerical Order, beginning with Number one until the Whole shall be numbered.

IX. And be it enacted, That upon every such Debenture there shall be paid, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer in Dublin, to the Person who shall become entitled to the fame, his, her, or their Executors, Ad-tmaistrators, or Assigns, such Interest as aforesaid without any Fee or Charge, until such Time as they shall be

387

Discount of 5U per Cent, allowed on prompt Payment.

Annuities mh! Interest shall be paid half-yearly on June 14, and Dec. Ice.

At soon at

Subscriptioni in respost of Annuities are completed the/ may be trans-fened.

Contributors for Debentures Hull on Payment rest i vi Debenture s for root, or $oL each, and the Fradi>jnsth.«Jl le taken a* Annuities,

Debentures shall U. given in the usual Manner ca l-oarr.in IrrVd.

Interest on Debentures ftult; >e pjM w iiliout l-i "j I'.jacii'u

88

paid off or converted into Annuities, under Irijk J<9,

37 G. 3. c. 54. In Default of Payment of the whole Subscription, Dcpolits shall beluiieited.

Cashiers shall feive Receipts foiSubscriptionss which may be assigned.

A Rook shall be kept in the Accountant General's Office for entering Contributors' Names, a Duplicate wheteof shall bq tran fnafued to the Exchequer. Annuities shall be deemed-personal EH ate. Annuities .shall be one joint Stock with the present Annuities of 3l. 10s. in Ireland.

Irish Treasury may apply the Money to Services voted by Parliament.

Money shall be carried to the Irish Consolidated Fund,

and the Annuities and Interest payable thereout.

Money shall be Set apart at the Irish Exchequer.

Accountant General.shall keep Books for entering Trans-fert.

Persons counterfeiting Receipts for Contributions, or forging Debentures, guilty of Felony without Clergy.

O.58. 420 GEORGII I'll. A.D. 1802.

respectively paid the Principal Money therein, at one entire Payment, unless the same shall be converted into Annuities payable and transferrable at the Bank of Ireland, in pursuance of an Act passed in Ireland in the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the Proprietors of Debentures issued by Government to convert them into Stock transferrable at the Bank of Ireland.

X. And be it enacted, That the Sum of ten Pounds per Centumy deposited by every Subscriber towards the said Sum of one million six hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds shall remain as a Security for the due Payment of the Remainder of the Sura subscribed by hira; and that in case any Subscriber, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall not pay the Residue of the Sum or Sums so subscribed at the Times and in Manner before-mentioned, then and in every such Case the said Deposit shall be forfeited for the Benefit of the Publick, and all Right and Title to the Annuities, or to the said Debentures depending thereon, shall be extinguished; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XI. And be it enacted, That the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland who hath or have received, or shall receive any Part of the said Contributions towards the said Sum of one mil* lion six hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds, shall give a Receipt or Receipts in Writing to every such Contributor for all such Sums; and that the[Receipts so to be given shall be assignable by Indorsement thereon; and shall from Time to Time pay all such Monies as soon as he or they shall receive the same or any Part thereof, or within five Days afterwards at the furthest, into, and shall account for the same in the Exchequer of Ireland according to the due Course thereof, deducing thereout such Sums as shall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this Act; for which Sum so paid, Allowance shall be* made in his or their Accounts.

XII. And be it enacted, That, in the Office of the Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, a Book or Books shall be provided and kept, in which the Names of the Contributors shall be fairly entered, which Book or Books every Contributor, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, may from Time or Time, and at all seasonable Times, resort to and inspect without Fee or Reward; and the said Accountant General shall, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, transmit an attested Duplicate fairly written on Paper of such Book or Books into the Office of the Auditor of his Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, there to remain for ever.

XIII. And be it enacted, That all Persons who shall be entitled to any of the Annuities hereby granted in respect of the said Sum of one million six hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds, and all Persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a Personal Estate which shall not be descendible to Heirs.

XIV. And be it enacted, That all the Annuities aforesaid shall be added to, and made one joint Stock with the present Annuities of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum now subsisting in Ireland, and shall be payable and transferrable at the Bank of Ireland at the same Time and in the same Manner as the said present Annuities of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum are payable and transferrable, and that the said Annuities shall be free from all Taxes, Charges, and Impositions whatsoever.

XV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland, or the High Treasurer of Ireland for the Time being, to issue and apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be so paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, by the said Cashier oc Cashiers, to such Services as shall have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

XVI. And be it enacted, That all the Monies received by the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Zrr-landy shall be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Dublin, and, together with such Monies as shall be received for Debentures as herein-before mentioned, shall be carried to, and form Part of, the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

XVII. And be it enacted, That all the said Annuities and Interests which shall become payable in respect of the said Sum of one million (ix hundred and twenty-fire thousand Pounds, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon and made payable out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland*

XVIII. And be it enacted, That so much Money shall from Time to Time be set apart at the Receipt of the Exchequer in Ireland, out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and pay all such Annuities as shall be created by virtue of this Act, together with the Charges attending the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That Books shall be constantly kept by the said Accountant General for the Time being, wherein all Assignments or Transfers of all Sums advanced or contributed towards the said Sum of one million six hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds, shall be entered and registered; which Entry shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Assignments or Transfers, or if such Parties be absent, by their respective Attorney or Attornies thereunto lawfully authorized by Writing under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to be attested by two or more credible Witnesses, and that the several Persons to whom such Transfers shall be made, shall respectively underwrite their Acceptance thereof; and that no other Method of assigning and transferring the said Annuities, or any Part thereof, or any Interest: therein, shall be good and available in Law; and that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said Transfers.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Receipt or Receipts for the Whole of, or any Part or Parts of the said Contribution towards the said Sum of one million six hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds, either with or without the Name or Names of any Person or Persons being inserted therein, as the Contributor or Contributors thereto, or Payer or Payers thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, or HiaU alter any Number, Figure, or Word therein, or utter or publish as true

3 ai7

A.D. 18ffoA

'4i° GEDKlGia) HE

C. 58, 59; 389

any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered Receipt or Receipts, with Intent to defraud the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or any Body Politick or Coi^orate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, or shall forge or counterfeit any Debenture or Debentures, or alter any Nujnbetv Figure, or Word therein, dr utter or publish as true any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered Debenture, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Person or Persons, every such Person or Persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged of counterfeited, of willingly acting or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publiftiing as aforesaid, being Thereof con vifted in due Form of Daw, Hull be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever shall bedemanded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects for receiving and paying the said Subscription of Contribution Monies, of any of them, or for any Receipt or Debenture concerning the f?me, or far baying The said Annuities, or any of them, or for any Transfer of any Sum, great or small, to be made in pumianoe of this Act* upon Pain that any Officer or Person offending, by taking or demanding any such Fee, Reward, -or Gratuity, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty rounds to the Party aggrieved, with faUCoils of Suit, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, or any more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed.:

w General Issue. — ^Treble Costs, §22. Act may be altered tfr repealed this Session, §23."

Cap. nix.; \ .'V; 1.; '

An Act for allowing, until the twentieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three, additional Bounties on refined Sugar exported, and discontinuing the Duty thereon granted by an Act of this Session of ParliamentJv* 1802.

WHEREAS an Act was made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, until the twentieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three9 and amend an Act made in the last SeJJten of Parliament, relating to certain Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported; for permitting British Plantation Sugar to be

No Fee shall bd taken for receiving Contributions, or paying or transferring Annuities, on Penalty of id.

Cc- 43-J c. 47.

1 by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if, on the tenth Day of May* or on the tenth Day of August, or on the ninth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and two respectively, or any or either of the said Days, it shall have appeared or shall appear, by Notice in the London Gazette, in Manner directed in an Act made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback, and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar; and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda (/lands in Foreign Ships, that the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, taken in Manner directed by the said Act for the six Weeks preceding, shall be below forty-five Shillings for an Hundred Weight, exclusive of the Duties of Cudoms paid or payable thereon on the Importation into Great Britain, then and in such Case an additional Bounty of one Shilling shall be payable and paid on the Exportation from Great Britain, of every one Hundred Weight of refined Sugar in Leaf, complete and whole, or Lump duly refined; and if the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar so taken as aforesaid, shall be below forty Shillings for an Hundred Weight, exclusive of the Duty of Customs paid or payable thereon on the Importation into Great Britain, then and in such Case an additional Bounty of two Shillings shall be payable and paid on the Exportation from Great Britain, of every one Hundred Weight of such refined Sugar as aforesaid $ and such respective Bounties, as the Case may be, shall be paid and allowed in like Manner in every respect, and subject to and under, and according to the like Rules and Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Bounties are payable or paid by virtue of the said recited Act of this Session of Parliament, or any other Act or Aft6 of Parliament in force at the Time of passing of this Act.

' Bounty of

II. And whereas another Act was, made in this present Session of Parliamentt, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Goods imported into and exported from Great Britain, and on th)e Tonnage of Ships

fffds entering Outwards or Inwards tn any Port of Great Britain, to or from Foreign Parts: And whereas it is expedient that the Duty granted by the said Act on refined Sugar exported* from Great Britam9 should be discontinued for a limited lime be it therefore enacted, That the new and additional Duties of Customt granted by the said Act, on the Exportation from Great Britain of certain Goods therein enumerated and de-lcrfbed, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, so far as the feme relates to refined Sugar, or Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly refined, and all refined Sugar called' Bd/lard, and ground or powdered Sugar, and refined Loaf Sugar broke in Pieces, and all Sugar called Candy9 and Melasses, which shall be made from Sugar of the British Plantations, be, and the feme are hereby discontinued.

Continuance of Act, for Port of London, joth May$ for other Ports of Great Britain/20th May, 1803, $ 3*"

Tf on May 10, Aug. 10, or Nov. 9, 1802, it shall appear by Notice in the London Gazette, under 32 G. 3. c. 43. that the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar for the six Weeks preceding shall be below 45#. per Cwt. an additional Bounty of is. shall be paid on evety Cwt. of refined Sugar exported: and if below 4c s. an additional 2s', shall be paid.

c. 43-

The additional Duties granted (See Table C.) by recited Act, difeominued atto rtfinedSu&art, &c.

t

CAP.

4a° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

41 G. J. c. -4,

ermtinuctl until Mjy 20, tio3, for DuMin, and May 30 for the other Ports of Ireland.

If it appears by the Dublin Gazette |'uWished at -certain Periods that the Average Pr ices of Brown or Mufeovadj Sugar ior the fix Week* preceding shall not have exceeded 70s. Bii'.ifli, per Cwt. the Drawback shall be allowed, ice.

When Average Price of Raw or Muscovado Sugar is below 45s. Sterling per Cwt. there (Kali be allowed on refined Sugar* Bounty of is. per Cwt., and 21. when below 40s. Lcfides .Drawback.

Until May 20, 1803, Bonds for Duties on Britishi Plantation Sugar imported into Ireland shall be payable in six Months, and if Duties be not paid, with fix per Cent. Interest, tvilhtn that Period the Sugars may be sold.

The Commi f-Konei 1 of the Xudofp*, if Sug^cs remain unfold, may renew such Bynds for three Months.

Stamp Dufies

may be deduced from the Money 4uc on Bonds.

C. 6q.

CAP. LX.

An Act to continue until the thirtieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three, and amend an Act, made in the last Session 01 Parliament, for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland-, and for granting an additional Drawback on the Exportation of refined Sugar.

[3d June i8oa.3

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for regulatings until the twenty-fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, the Allowance of Drawback on the Ex* porta t ion from Ireland of British Plantation Sugar; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported from Ireland; and for allowing Britishi Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be continued with Amendments be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be, and the same is hereby continued until the tweritieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three for the Port of Dub* lin, and until the thirtieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three for the other Ports of Ireland'.

II. And be it enacted, That if, in th^ first Publication of the Dublin Gazette pursuant to the said recited Act, after the Arrival in Dublin of the London Gazette published next after the tenth Day of May, or the tenth Day of August, or on the ninth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and two respectively, it shall appear that the Average Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, taken in Manner by the said recited Act described, for the six Weeks preceding, shall not hare exceeded seventy Shillings British Currency for an Hundred Weight, exclusive of the Duties payable thereon on the Importation thereof; then and in every such Case, the Drawback in the Schedule to the said Act annexed, mentioned as corresponding to or with the Price of which such Notice in the Dublin Gazette shall have been given pursuant to the said recited Act£, shall be paid and allowed, except on Exportation to Great Britain, until Notice of any other Average Price, published in the Ijondon Gazette on Saturday immediately preceding any other of such subsequent Days, shall be given in the Dublin Gazette; and such Drawback shall be paid and allowed in like Manner in every Respect, and subject to and under the like Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures as any Drawbacks were paid or allowed before the passing of this Act.

III. And be it enacted, That whenever the Average Price of Raw or Muscovado Sugar, taken according to the Directions of the said recited Act, shall be below forty-five Shillings Sterling per Hundred Weight, there shall, over and above the Drawback in the said Schedule mentioned, to be allowed on the Exportation from Ireland, except to Great Britain, of all refined Sugar in Loaf, complete and whole, or Lump duly refined, be paid to the Exporter or Exporters of such refined Sugar, on Exportation thereof from Ireland, except to Great Britain, an additional Bounty of one Shilling for every one Hundred Weight thereof; and that whenever the Average Price of such Raw or Muscovado Sugar taken as aforesaid, shall be below forty Shillings Sterling per Hundred Weight, there shall, over and above the Drawback in the said Schedule, be paid on Exportation from Ireland, except to Great Britain, of all such refined Sugar as aforesaid, an additional Bounty of two Shillings for every one Hundred Weight thereof.

IV. And be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and until the twentieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three, every Bond to his Majesty for Payment of the Duties chargeable on any British Plantation Sugar imported into any Port in Ireland and warehoused, shall be made payable, together with Interest at and after the Rate of six Pounds her Centum per Annum, upon the Amount of such Duties, within six Months from the Date thereof; and if all Duties due and payable in respect of such Sugar shall not be paid and satisfied within six Months from the Date of the Bond, unless further Time shall be given by the said Commissioners pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners at the Expiration of the said six Months to cause such Sugar to be publickly sold to the bed Bidder, at such Places as the said Commissioners shall think proper, and out of the Proceeds of such Sale to satisfy such Duties, together with the Interest due thereon, and all such legal Charges and Expences as shall have arisen or may be due relating to such Sugar; and the Overplus (if any be) shall be paid to the respective Importers thereof, or to such other Person or rerfoha as shall be authorized to receive the same.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, upon Proof to their Satisfaction that such Sugars, or any Part thereof, remain unfold, to give three Months further Time for the Payment of the Duties on such Sugars, or upon any Part of such Sugars, in case the Person refusing such further Time shall be desirous of paying the Duties in Part of such Sugars; and in any such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to take any new Bond or Bonds, and to permit the Sugar in respect whereof any such Bond shall be given to remain in any Warehouse under the Provisions of this Act for such further Period of three Months, and if at the Expiration of any such further Period of three Months, the Duties, on such Sugars, together with the Interest thereon at the Rate aforesaid, shall not have been paid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to fell such Sugar for Payment of the Duties and Interest due thereon, and Costs and Charges aforesaid, in like Manner as is herein-before directed.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to deduct and retain out of the Principal and Interest that may become due on any Bond taken or to be taken in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, the Stamp Duties only that have been or shall have been pakfron such Bond; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

y Aftihave be altered or repealed this Session." $ 7.

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 61

39i

CAP. LXI.

An Act for the further Encouragement of Irish Mariners, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

- [3d June 1802.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to establish in Ireland certain Regulations tending to promote the training

up and Employment of Mariners, Subjects of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and for that Purpose that all Ships and Vessels of the United Kingdom should be navigated in the same Manner ' as British Ships and Vessels are by the Laws of Great Britain required to be navigated be it therefore emded by the King's most excellent Mai eft y, by and with the Advice and Consent of the-Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of November One thousand eight hundred and two, no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever shall be imported or brought into any Port or Place in Ireland, on board any Ship or Vessel, which is or shall be registered, or which is or shall be required by Law to be registered as a British or Irish Ship or Vessel, unless such Ship or Vessel shall be navigated by a Master and three Fourths at least of the Mariners,

Subjects of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

unless the Master and three Fourths of the Crew are Subject* of the United Kingdom;

II. And be it enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of November, no Goods, Wares, or Mer- f?or exported chandize whatever shall be exported, or shipped for the Purpose of Exportation, from any Port or Place in Ireland in any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, unless such Ship or Vessel shall be navigated by a Master and three Fourths at least of the Mariners, Subjids of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

III. And be it enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of November^ no Ship or Vessel which is or shall be registered, or shall be required to be registered, as an Irish Ship or Vessel, shall be navigated but by a Master and three Fourths at least of the Mariners, Subjects of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, except as is herein after provided. '

From Nov. r, 1802, no Goods shall be imported into Ireland in a British or liifh Ship,

from thence unless so navigated.

No Ship re — *gille- ed as an Irish Ship shall be navig ted unless so manned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of November^ no Goods, Wares, or Mer- No Goods shall chandize whatever shall be carried from any one Port, Member, or Creek or Place of Ireland, to any other Port, be carried in Member, Creek, or P»ace of the same, or of Great Britain, or of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, a"y such ship, or Man9 in any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, nor shall any Ship or Vessel be permitted to fail in Ballast $£1 Tallin* from auy Port or Creek in Ireland to any Port or Creek of the same or of Great Britain, or of the Islands of Ballast^Vom one Gttemjey Jersey, Alderney, Sarky or Alan, nor shall any British or IAJh Ship or Vessel be permitted to fail Port to any from any Port on the Coall of Ireland, to be employed in .Fishing on the said Coast, or the Coall of Great oilier in Ireland, Britain, or the Coasts of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sarky or Man, unless such Ship or Vessel or in Great shall respectively be wholly and solely manned with ana navigated by a Master and Mariners all Subjects of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for three Q*ii any^idfli or more of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Ireland\ by Licence under their Hands (for which or Irish Ship no Fee shall be taken) to authorise any such Ship or Vessel employed in Fishing on the Coasts of Ireland or f-il from Irc-Great Britain, or the islands cf Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Alan, to have on board any Mariner or Ma- if* ^on'r riners for the Purpose of instructing the Manners of the United Kingdom in such Ship or Vessel in the Art of Great JEhitai^ ° Fishing, or taking, or curing Fifii, such Foreign Mariner or Mariners not exceeding one Fourth of the Number un|ef5 of Mariners on board such Ship'or Vessel. wholly navigated

by Subjects: except fishing Vessels in ccrjain Cases.

V. And be it enacted, That where it is required by this Act, or by any other Act in force in Ireland, that the Master and the Whole or any Proportion of the Mariners of any Ship or Vessel shall be British or Irish Subjects, or Subjects of the said United Kingdom, the true Intent and Meaning is, that the Master and the Whole, or such Proportions, shall be subjects of the United Kingdom during the whole Voyage, unless in case of Sickness, Death, Desertion, or of the Whole or Part of the Crew being taken Prisoners in the Voyage; and in such Case the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall specify the same in his Report.

VI. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to filter or in any wise affect any Regulation for navigating or manning of Ships employed in any of the Fisheries carried oil from Ireland, or any Part of his Majesty's Dominions, for which any special Provision has been made by any Act or Acts in force before the Commencement of this Act.

VII. And, to prevent ail Doubts respecting the various Terms made Use of in the several Law's of Navigation, with respect to who are to be deemed and taken to be qualified to be Masters of British oj* Irish Ships, or to be British or Irish Sailors, Seamen, or Mariners, be it declared and enacted, That no person shall from henceforth be deemed and taken to be qualified to be the Master of a British or Irish Ship, or to be a British or Irish Sailor, Seaman, or Mariner, or to be a Sailor, Seaman, or Mariner, of the said United Kingdom, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, or of any other Act now in force, except the natural horn Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or Persons naturalized by or by virtue of any Act of Parliament, qr made Denizens by Letters of Denization, or except Persons who have become his Majesty's Subjects by virtue of Conquest or Cession of some newly acquired Country, and who shall have taken the Oath of 'Allegiance to his Majesty, or the Oath of Fidelity required by the Treaty of Capitulation by which such newly acquired Country came into his Majesty VPossession, except as is herein after provided.

VIII. 4 And whereas it is expedient that Foreigners who have served, or shall serve faithfully, on board his Majesty Y Ships of Warm the late or any future War, for the Time andintlie Manner herein after mentioned,

6 4 should

Subjects shall continue the whole Voyage, unless in Cales of Sickness, &c. which shall be fpcclfied in the Matter's Report. Ad shall not--alter special Provisions lefpedting Ships employed in IMherics.

Who shall he deemed qualified lo l»c Masters of Brit ifh or Irish Ships, or Mariners of thfc United Kingdom.

Foreign Mariners haling lciveci or, board

392

Ships of War during thiee Years in Time of War, and taking the Oath of Allegiance, may be employed as Matters or Mariners in lulh Ships.

Certificates of such Service and Oath shall be delivered to the Custom House at Dublin, Uc.

'Persons tsking the Oath of Allegiance to any Foreign State, except under Terms f Capitulation, shall not be deemed qualified to be such Matters or Mariners, .unlcf* taken before becoming qualified.

Penalty on Persons so disqualified who shall a#. Matters look, Sailors 10l.

But no Ship shall be forfeited, if Proof be made by the Owner that such Disqualification -was unknown.

Negroes or Laf-cars may be employed in certain Seas,

During War three Fourths of the Crew may he Foreigners on hoard Infli Merchant Ships or Privateers.

GEORGII- lit, A.D. 1-802.

should be declared to be Sailors, Seamen, or Mariners of the United Kingdom, within the Intent and Meaning of the Law's of Navigation under certain Regulations .tic^t further enabled, That every foreign Sailor, Searqan, or Mariner, who shall have serv.ed or who shall serve on board any of his Majesty's Sfiip» or Vessels of war, in Time of War, for and during the Spatfe of three Years, either in one and the same Ship or Vessel, or in different Ships or Vessels, and who shall have obtained a Certificate or Certificates from the Captain or Commander, Captains or Conwnandem, bl such Ship? or Vessels' on board of which he shall have so served, or in case of the Death-of such Captain or Commander, then upon the Certificate of the Officer then living, w ho ffiafl have been next hi Rank to such Captain or Commander, testifying that he has so served, and testifying hife faithful Service afnd good Behaviour during the Time of such Service, and who shall also have taken the Oath of Allegiance to his Majesty before some Justice of the Peace, or principal Magistrate of some City or Town in His Majesty's Dominions, or before the pripbipal Officer of his Majesty's Cuitoras in any Port of his Majesty's Dominious (which Oath they are respectively h6*eby authorized to administer), and who shall obtain a Certificate from such Justice of the Peace, principal. Magistrate, or Chief Officer, of his having taken such Oath (which Certificate they are hereby authorized and required to give upon the Payment of no greater Fee thad that of one Shilling), shall be entitled to be employed as a Matter of an Irish Ship or Vessel, or as a Sailor, Seaman, or Mariner of the said United Kingdom, on board any Irish Ship or Vessel, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, or any of the Laws now in force: Provided always that no such Foreigner shall be entitled to become the Matter of any Irish Ship or Vessel, or to ber employed as a Sailor, Seaman, or Mariner of the said United Kingdom, .ualess he shall nave delivered the before mentioned Certificate or Certificates of the Time he shall have served, and of his faithful Service apd good Behaviour, and the before mentioned Certificate of his so having taken t, Ue Oath of Allegiance, to the Collector or other Chief Officer of his Majesty'fc 'Cilftora$ in the Port of Dublin, or in the Ports of Cart, Galway, or Londonderry, to be filed by such Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, who ace hereby required to deliver to such Foreign Sailor, Seaman, or Mariner, an attested Copy thereof, upon paying the Fee of one Shilling, and no more.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person who is or shall become qualified to be the

Matter of an Irish Ship or Vessel, or to be a Sailor, Seaman, or Mariner of the said United Kingdom, by Birth, Naturalization, Denization, Couquest, or Service, in Manner herein-before mentioned, and wrho has taken of shall take any Oath of Allegiance to any Foreign Sovereign or State whatsoever, for any Purpose whatsoever, except under the Terms of some Capitulation upon the Conquest of any of the Dominions of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by any Enemy or Enemies, and for the Purpose of obtaining the Benefit of such Capitulation only, shall be deemed and taken to be qualified to be the Mailer of an Irtjb Ship or Vessel, or a Sailor, Seaman, or Mariner of the said United Kingdom, within the Intent and Meaning of any of the Laws of Navigation, unless such Person shall have taken such Oath of Allegiance before he became so qualified; and any Person who shall, after having become disqualified by taking such Oath of Allegiance as aforesaid, take the Charge or Command of any Irish Ship or Vessel, as Matter or Commander thereof, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and every Person who shall, after having become so disqualified as aforesaid, engage to serve as a Sailor, Seaman, or Mariner of the said United Kingdom, on board any such Ship or Vefld, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of ten Pounds; such Forfeitures respectively to be recovered upon Conviction before a Justice of the Peace, if such Offence shall be committed in Great Britain or Ireland, and before any Member of the Supreme Court of Justice, or any Justice of the Peace, if such Offence shall be committed in the Islands of Guernsey, jferfey, or Man, or in any Colony, Plantation, Island^ or Territory to his Majesty belonging in America: Provided also, that no Ship or Vessel, on board Whereof aqy Person who is so disqualified shall be employed as Matter or Commander, shall be forfeited by Reason thereof, if the Owner or Owmers of such Ship or Vessel shall shew that such Disqualification of such Matter or Commander was unknown to such Owner or Owners respectively, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents, and that such Disqualification of such Sailor, Seaman, or Mariner, w'as unknown to such Owner or Owners respectively, or to his Agent or Agents, and to the Matter or Commander of such Ship or Vessel, at the Time of engaging such Person, so disqualified, to serve on board such Ship or Vessel: Provided always, that in the Navigation on the Seas of America and the West Indies, from any Port of America and the West Indies to any Port of America and the West Indies, any Negroes belonging to any Person or Persons being or having become his Majesty's Subjects in Manner aforesaid, and with the Qualifications aforesaid, and in the Seas to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, from any Port to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope tb any other Port to the Eastivard of the Cape of Good Hope, Lafcai'S and other Natives of aay of the Countries to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope may be employed as Sailors, Seamen, or Mariners of the said United Kingdom, in Manner heretofore practised.

X. And, for the better carrying on anV W*ar In which his Majesty may he engaged, and the Trade of the United Kingdom during the Continuance thereof, be it enacted, That, during the Continuance of such War, and no longer (except in respect to such Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships or Vessels and Privateer^, which shall be on their Voyage before the Determination of the War, who shall be, and are hereby, allowed the Liberty and Benefit of returning Home to the United Kingdom, navigated in the Manner as herein after is provided), it shall and may be lawful for any Irish Merchant Ship, or other Ir'ish trading Ship or Vessel, or Privateer, to be navigated by Foreign Seamen or Mariners, nob being Natives of the United Kingdom, or any of the Colonies or Plantations thereto belonging, or his Majesty's natural or naturalized Subjects, so as the Number of such Foreign Seamen or Mariners do not exceed three Fourths of the Mariners at any one Time employed to navigate such Merchant Ship, or other trading Ship or Vefld, cr Privateer, and that one Fourth at least of the Mariners or Seamen so employed be at all Times Natives, or his Majesty's naturalized Subjects of the United Kingdom (sudden Death and the Hazard and Casualties of War and the Seas saved and excepted), aft-Act of Parliament, made in the twclfth-Yew of the Reign of his late Majesty King' Chaj'lc4

A .Biiffoa: 4& iGlO&t&XIII, C6r.

Charles the Second, Intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increa/tng of Shipping and Navigation; or any other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby Anther enacted and declared, That no Person who shall be naturalised by 'rirtue of this Act shall thereby be enablecLto be of his Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, or a Member of the Parliament of t&e Uiiited Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or to take any Office or Place of Trail, either Civil or 'hf&itriVy, in Ireland, or to have any Grant of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, from the; Crown in Ireland, to himself, 1 or any other Person or Persons in Trust for him; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, it all T*imes when it shall be found necessary to declare War against any Foreign Power, to publish a Royal Proclamation, if he or they shall judge it equitable, to permit all Injh Merchant Ships, and other Irish trading Vessels and Privateers, to be manned with Foreign Mariners and Seamen daring such War, in Manner hereby provided, and that upon the publishing of such Proclamatioti the Provisions or this Act, so far as the same relate to the Time of War, shall be* deemed tone of full Force and Virtue, and have Continuance for and during the Time of such War, and no-longer, except in respect to such Irish Merchant Ships, or other Ir'dh trading Ships or Vessel, ami Privateers, which shall be on their Voyage before the Determination of such War* who shall be and are hereby allowed the Liberty and Benefit of returning Home to the said United Kingdom, navigated in the Manner as herein before isprovided.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever shall be imported or brought, exported or carried Chaftwife, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, or any of them, all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, rind also the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be so imported or brought, exported or carried Coastwise, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited; and also if any Ship or Vessel shall fail in Ballall, or shall fail to be employed in Fishing on the Coast, in Manner herein-before mentioned^ or being required to be manned and navigated in Manner herein-before directed, shall not be manned and navigated according to the Provisions of this Act, such Ship or Vessel, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, and all the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize on board the fame, shall be forfeited.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, and rill Ships and Vessels forfeited by this Act, may and shall be seized by the Commander of any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or by any Commissioned, Warrant, or Petty Officer, especially appointed by him or by any Officer of his Majesty's Cilftbms oi Great Britain, or Ireland; and that cVtry fiUfh Forfeiture incurred by thitf Act* except on the Seas or Coast of Ireland, or within the same, shall he sued for, iprosecuted, arrd recovered, in such Courts, and 'by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and the Produce thereof disposed of and applied ia such and the like Manner, and to such Uses and Purposes, ns any Forfeiture incurred by an Act made in the Parliament of Great Britain, in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further En* cemragement of firitiih Mariners, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, may be sued for, prosecuted* or recover, ed, disposed of, and applied; and that all Forfeitures incurred by this Act on the Seas, or on ithe Coast of Ireland, or within the same, (had and may be sued for, recovered, disposed of, and applied, by such Wriy^ Means, and Methods, imd in such Manner and Form, and .with such Powers and Authorities as are .pre* feribed, directed, and appointed in and by an Act made in the Parliament of, brtlond, in the fourteenth and fifteenth Years of thtf Reign of his late Majesty Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the settling of the Excise or new Impqfi npm his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted, or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relative to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, concerning the several Forfeitures thereby created, with like Remedy of Appeal ris in and by the said Acts is provided.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Irish Ship or Vessel shall be found at Sea, having on board a greater Number of Foreign Mariner* than is allowed by this Act, or any Law now in force or hereafter to be made, and the Master of such Ship or Vessel shall produce a Certificate of the afturil Necessity of engaging such Foreign Mariners in Tome Foreign Port, by occasion of the Sickness, Death, or Deserttoa of the like Number of Irish Mariners, or of the fanSe having been taken Prisoners during his Voyage, and that Irish Mariners could not be engaged at such Foreign Port to supply their Room, and that for the £afe Navigation of such Ship or Vessel, it became necessary to engage and employ such Foreign Mariners, under the Hand of his Majesty's Consul, at the Foreign Port where the said Foreign Mariners were id engaged, or if there is not any such Consul there, under the Hands faf two known British Merchants at such Foreign Fort, it shall not be lawful for any of the Persons authorized .by this Act to make Seizures of .Ships or Vessels navigated contrary to the Directions of: this Act, to iiop or detain any such Ship or Vessel so found att Sea, or to hinder her from proceeding in her. Voyage* butlfuth Persons shall, and are hereby required, to indorse the Certificate so j>roduced, testifyirig the Pindufticm thereof, and when nod where met with at Sen, and that the Number of Foreign Mariners correspond troth the Certificate of such British Consul, or such known BritiA Merchants, for the Consideration and 'Investigrition of the Commissionera of his Majesty* Customs in England, Scotland, and Ireland respectirtily.

XVI. And whereas, by an Act, passed in the Parliament iof Ireland in the twenty-seventh Year of his Majesty*s Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, it is

amongst other Things enacted, that when and so often as the Property ill any Ship or Vessel belonging to any #of his Majesty's Subjects, shall be transferred to any other to others of his Majesty's Sttbfc&B, in Whole or

Part, the Certificate of the Registry of such Ship or Vessel shall be truly and accurately recited in Words

42G10.UL _ 3E. at

393

notwithstanding 12 C. 2. c. 1$. No Person na-jluraJiTed by this Art shall be enabled to be of the Privy Council, or to fit in Parliament, 6c c.

His Majesty may permit Irish trading Vefleh and Pri* viteers to be manned with Foreign Mari* nets under this Art, during War.

Goods imported, Stc. or Shi pa failing contrary tc* this Art, flutf be forfeited.

By whom Goods and Shi(>s f6r-feited shall be seized, and how" Forfeitures recovered and api plied.

34 O, 3. c. 6£.

Irish Art 14 & 15 C. 2. c. 8.

Irish Ships found at Sea with mors than the legal Number of Foreign Sailors, shall not be feired if the Master produce a Certificate of the Necessity of employ ing them, which shall be indorsetl accordingly for the Consideration of the Commissioners of the Customs.

Irish Art, 27 Gt 3. c. 33. $ to.

C. 61.

42° GEORGII JII.

A.D. 18*.

at Length, in the BiO or other Instrument of Sale thereof, and that otherwise such Bill shall be utterly null and void to all Intents and Purposes in order therefore to prevent any Doubts whether .by the said Provision every Transfer of Property in any Ship or Vessel is required to be made by some Bill or other Instrument in Writing, and whether Contracts or Agreements for the Transfer of such Property may not be made without any Instrument in Writing, be it enacted, That no Transfer, Contract, or Agreement for Transfer of Pro-

a in any Ship or Vessel made or intended to be made after the first Day of January One thousand eight red and three, shall be valid or effectual for any Purpose whatsoever, either m Law or in Equity, unkfs such Transfer or Contra&, or Agreement for Transfer of Property in such Ship or Vessel, shall be made by Bill of Sale, or Instrument in Writing, containing such Recital as prescribed by the said recited Act.

XVII. 4 And whereas, by the Laws now in force, upon any Alteration of Property in any Ship or Vessel in the same Port to which such Ship or Vessel belongs, an Indorsement upon the Certificate of Registry is required to be made be it enacted, That such Indorsement shall, from and after the first Day of January One thou fund eight hundred and three, be made in the Manner and Form herein after expressed, and shall be signed by the Person or Persons transferring the Property of the said Ship or Vessel by Sale or Contra&9or Agreement for Sale thereof, or by some Person legally authorized for that Purpose by him, her, or them; and a Copy of such Indorsement mail be delivered to the Person or Persons authorized to make Registry, and grant Certificates of Registry, otherwise such Sale or Contract, or Agreement for Sale thereof, shall be utterly null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and such Person or Persons so authorized to make Registry and grant Certificates of Registry, are hereby required to cause an Entry thereof to be indorsed on the Oath, or Affidavit upon which the original Certificate of Registry of such Ship or Vessel was obtained, and shall also make a Memorandum of the same in the Book of Registry, and shall forthwith give Notice thereof to the Cotmniffioucr* of a is Majesty's Cuiloms in Ireland.

AH T*-antfen ctf

properly in "Ships alter Jan.

I, i So3, shall be in Willing with the Recitals prescribed.

Imlurfement on the Certificate of Registry required by Irish Act 27 G. 3. c.

23.4 L9. shall be made in the Form here prefer ibed, and a Copy delivered to the Person authorized to re-gilter, who shall make Entry thereof on the original Affidavit, and give Notice to the Commissioners of Customs hi Ireland.

Form of Inducement.

The Change of Property in any Ship at Sea, &c. tlia 11 be made by BUI of Sale, See. and on her Arrival at her Port an Indorsement shall be made, &c.

Regulations for Transfer of Property where Owners reside out of the King's Dominions.

Mode of proceeding where PI afters detain Certificate of Registry,

FORM of Indorsement on Change of Property.

TIE it remembered. That I [or we,] [Names, Ref derue, and Occupation of the Persons Selling"] have this 4 -L) Day fold and transferred all [my or our] Right, Share, or Interest in and to the Ship or Vessel, [Name of the Ship or Vessel], mentioned in the within Certificate of Registry unto [Names, Refuknce, and Occupation of the Purchasers] Witucfs my [or our] Hand or Hands], this [Date in Words at full Length].

Signed in the Presence of [two Witnesses].*

XVIII. Provided always, That if any Ship or Vessel shall be at Sea, or absent from the Port to which (he belongs, at the Time when such Alteration in the Property thereof shall be made as aforesaid, so that an Indorsement or Certificate cannot be immediately made, the Sale or Contra&, or Agreement for the Sale thereof, shall notwithstanding be made by a Bill of Sale or other Instrument in Writing as before directed; and a Copy of such Bill of Sale or other instrument in Writing shall be delivered, and an Entry thereof shall be indorsed on the Oath or Affidavit, and a Memorandum thereof shall be made in the Book of Registers, and Notice of the same shall be given to the Commissioners of the Customs in Ireland, in the Manner herein-before directed, and within ten Days after such Ship or Vessel shall return to the Port to which she belongs, an Indorsement shall be made and signed by the Owner or Owners, or Tome Person legally authorized for that Purpose by him, her, or them, and a Copy thereof shall be delivered in Manner herein-before mentioned, otherwise such Bill of Sale, or Contra& or Agreement for Sale thereof, shall be utterly null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and Entry thereof shall be indorsed, and a Memorandum thereof made in the Manner herein-before directed.

XIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in all Cases where the Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel shall reside in any Country not under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as Member or Members of some British Factory, or Agent or Agents for a Partner or Partners in any House or Copartnership, actually carrying on Trade in Great Britain or Ireland, at the Time when he, me, or they shall transfer such Property in any Ship or Vessel, so that an Indorsement cannot be made immediately, nor a Copy of such Bill of Sale or other Instrument in Writing be delivered, nor an Entry thereof indorsed on the Oath or Affidavit, nor a Memorandum thereof made in the Book of Registers, nor Notice of the same given to the Commissioners of the Customs in Ireland, in the Manner before-mentioned, the same may be done at any Time within six Months after such Transfer shall have been made, and that within twenty Days after such Owner or Owners, or some Person legally authorized for that Purpose by him, her, or them, shall arrive in the United Kingdom, if such Ship or Vessel shall then be in any Port of Ireland, and if not, then within twenty Days after such Ship or Vessel mall so arrive, an Indorsement shall be made by the Owner or Owners, or some Person legally authorized for that Purpose by him, her, or them:; and a Copy thertof shall be delivered: in Manner herein-before mentioned, otherwise such Bill of Sale, or Contract or Agreement for Sale thereof* shall be utterly null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, an Entry thereof shall be indorsed, and a Memorandum thereof made in the Manner herein-before directed.

XX. And in order to prevent Mailers of Ships or Vessels of the United Kingdom from detaining and refuting to deliver up Certificates of the Registry of Ships and Vessels, to the Prejudice of the respective. Owners thereof, be it enacted, That in case the Mailer of any Ship or Vessel of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, who shall have received the Certificate of the Registry thereof, whether such Mailer shall be* a Part Owner or not, shall wilfully detain and refuse to deliver up the same to the proper Officers empowered to make Registry, and grant a Certificate thereof to the Owner or Owners, or the major Part of the Owners «f such Ship or Vessel, if such Master has not airy Property therein, or on the other Owner or Owners, or

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. 'C. 6l.*

the major Part of the other Owners of such Ship or Vessel, if such Master hath any Share or Property therein, requiring him so to do, it shall and may be lawful for the Owner or Owners, or the major Part of the Owners of such Ship or Vessel, the Certificate of the Registry of which shall be detained and refused to be delivered up as aforesaid, to make Complaint on Oath against the Master of the Ship or Vessel, who shall so detain andrefufe to deliver up the same as aforesaid, of such Detainer and Refusal to any Justice of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Detainer and Refusal shall be in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ or to ahy Member of the Supreme Court of Justice; or any Justice of the Peace in the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, or Man, or in any Colony, Plantation, Island, or Territory to his Majesty belonging in America or the West Indiesf where such Detainer and Refusal shall be in any of the Places last mentioned; and on such Complaint the said Justice or other Magistrate shall and is hereby required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to cause such Master to be brought before him to be examined, touching such Detainer and Refusal; and if it shall appear to the said Justice or other Magistrate, on Examination of the Master or otherwise, that the said Certificate of Registry is not lost or mislaid, but is wilfully detained by the said Master, such Master shall be thereof convicted, and shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and on Failure of Payment thereof, he shall be committed to the common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for such Time as the said Justice or other Magistrate shall, in his Discretion, deem proper, not being less than six Months nor more than twelve Months.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Justice or other Magistrate, shall and is hereby required to certify the aforesaid Detainer, Refusal, and Conviction, to the Person or Persons who granted such Certificate of Registry foT such Ship or Vessel, who shall, on the Terms and Conditions of Law being comjttied with, make Registry of such Ship or Vessel de novo, and grant a Certificate thereof conformably to Law, notifying on the Back of such Certificate the Cround upon which the Ship or Vessel was so registered de novo.

XXII. And whereas it is expedient that the Officers empowered to make Registry of Ships and Vessels, and to grant Certificates thereof, in case any such Ship or Vessel is required to be registered de novo, should be authorized to require the Production of every Bill or other Instrument of Sale by which the Property in any Ship or Vessel is transferred; be it therefore enacted, That when and so often as the Property in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of his Majesty's Subjects, shall by Sale, be transferred, in Whole or in Part, to any other or others of his Majesty's Subjects, and such Ship or Vessel shall be required to be registered de novo, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the Officer and Officers in Ireland, empowered to make Registry of Ships and Vessels, and to grant Certificates thereof, to require, and he and they are hereby authorized and directed to require the Bill or other Instrument of Sale thereof to be produced to him or them; and in case such Bill or other Instrument of Sale shall be so required to be produced, and the same shall not be' produced to such Officer or Officers, the said Officer or Officers shall not make Registry, por grant a Certi-tificate of Registry de novo, for any Inch Ship or Vessel: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Ireland, or any three or more of them, if Application shall be made to the Commissioners of the Customs in Ireland, and for the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, of the Islands of Guernsey or Jersey, or of any Colony, Plantation Island, or Territory to his Majesty belonging, if such Application shall be made to any of them respectively, upon due Consideration of the particular Circumstances of the Case, to give Direction for Registering such Ship or Vessel de novo, and granting a Certificate of such Registry, notwithstanding such Bill or other Instrument of Sale shall not have Been produced as aforesaid, and such Registry shall be made, and such Certificate thereof shall be granted accordingly: Provided always, that all the other Regulations required by the Laws in force concerning the Registry de novo of Ships and Vessels be complied with.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That in case there shall be any Alteration of Property in the same Port by the Sale of one or more Shares in any Ship or Vessel, after Registering thereof, ami the Owners or Proprie-

for* of such Ship or Vessel who were Owners or Proprietors thereof at the Time such Ship or Vessel was* lad registered, or whose Property therein has not been lo transferred, shall he desirous of having the Ship or Vessel registered de novo, it shall and may be lawful for the proper Officers empowered to register Ships and Vessels in Ireland, and to grant Certificate's thereof, and such Officers are hereby authorized and required to rirgifter every such Ship or Vessel de novo, provided all the Rules, Regulations, and Conditions of the bcforA incited Act, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, «n<i of «jll other Laws iu force concerning the Registry of Ships and Vessels de novo, he complied with.

XXIV. 4 And whereas Irish Ships or Vessels the Property of which is in Whole or in Part transferred to Persons not being Subjects of his Majesty, are not entitled to the Privileges of British or Irish Ships and Vessels and to prevent Frauds in the Employment of such Ships or Vessels, as firhish or Irish Ships or Vessels, contrary to the Intention of the Laws of Navigation, they are now by Law required, in certain Cases to be re-

gitlered de novo, for which Purpose it is necessary that such Ship or Vessel should proceed with all due Dili- gence to the Port to which (he belongs, or to any other Port to which (he may be legally registered by virtue of the said Act passed in Ireland, in the twenty Seventh Year of his present Majesty \s Reign, in order to be re-

giftered de novo; be it enacted, That, from and after the hr ft Day of K member One thousand eight hundred and two, as often as any such Transfer of Property in any Ship or Vessel shall be made, while such Ship or Vessel is upon the Sea on a Voyage to a Foreign Port or Ports, in case the Mallei'of such Ship or Vessel id privy to such Transfer, or in case he is not so privy, as soon as he shall become acquainted therewith, such Ship or Vessel shall proceed directly to the Port or Ports for which the Cargo then 011 board is destined, and shall fail from such Port or Ports to which the Car then on board is dcdined, to the Port of his Majesty's Dominions to which (he belongs, or to any other Port in which (he may be legally registered by virtue of« the said Act> and such Ship or Vessel may take on board in tjic Poit or Ports for which her original Cargo

3 E 2 iras

#95

I f

t

Penalty for detaining Certificates, 100L fcc.

Magistrate*

shall certify such Detainer to ike Persons granting the Certificate*, who shall make Registry de now*

Where Property is transferred, no Vessel shall be regi Acted de noooo unless the Bill of Sale it produced, hut the Coramiffioa-z rs of the Custoraa, fee. may in particular Cases dire A Registry to be made without.

I

On Alte.ation of Property in Wfli. is in the fu'TU Port, they

may he ic-giite: cd de no: ot

Regubtioni for the Conduct of Mailers of Irish Sh'ps be longing to Korei 'r.eis, heie f* 1 overly is 11 un>lt; red tn a Vclfrl while on a Voyage Lo a Foreign Port, or therein, or white on a Fithing Voyages On Failure of Compliance the Vessel shall mx be entitled to the Privilege* of

39* '

<# Biitidi or Iriffc Vessel, unlef* in particular Cnlra, the Commissioners of the Custums, kc. may oider her t> be again registered.

In no Case of Transfer of Property shall WfTeU be registered de now, except within certain Periods.

34 O. 3-«.7J-i h

C. 61, 62. 42° GEORGII III. A.& i$oa'.

was deftmed, or itt' any other Port or Port! being in the Gourfc of her Voyagfc to the Port of his MajestyY Dominions, in which (he may be so registered, de noiso, fnth Cargo, and no other, as shall be defined, and may* be legally earned to such Port of his Majesty's Donimioas, where (he may be so registered dc nave; and if such Transfer of Property shall be made while such Ship or Vefld is in any Foreign Port, and the Mailer of such Ship or Vessel is privy to such Transfer, or in case he is not so privy, as soon as he shall become acquainted therewith, such Ship or Vessel, after having delivered the Cavgo then on board such Ship or Vessel at the Port or Ports for which it is defined, shall fail from such Port or Ports to the Port of his Majesty Y Dominions to which (he belongs, or to any other such Port in which (he may be legally registered by virtue of the said Act, and may take on board at the Port or Ports for which her original Cargo was so dcilined, or at any other Port, being in the Course of her Voyage to the Port of his Majesty* Dominions in which (he may be so registered de novo, such Cargo, and noiother, as shall be destined, and may be legally carried to such Port of his Majesty's Dominions where (he may be foreeifttred de novo; and if such Transfer of Property shall be made while such Ship or Vessel is on a fiiliing Voyage, and the Mailer of such Ship or Vessel is privy to such Transfer, or in case he is not so privy, as soon as he shall become acquainted therewith, such Ship or Vessel after having finished such fitting \.without touching at any Foreign Port or Ports, except for the

Purpose of Repairs or Refreshments, or for delivering any Part of the Cargo (he may have on board, destined for such Foreign Port or Ports, shall fail to the Port 01 his Majesty's Dominions to which she belongs, or to any other fitch Port where flic may be legally registered by virtue of the said Act, and majr take on1 board at the Foreign Port or Porta loft described, or at any other Port or Ports, being in the Course of her Voyage to the Port of (his Majdlv's Dominions where (be may be so registered dc novo, such Cargo, and no other, as shall be destined, and may be legally carried to inch Port of his Majesty's Dominions; and every such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, shall be registered dc r.ov> as soon as (he returns to the Port of his Majesty's Dominions to which (he belongs, or to any other such Port in which (he may be legally registered by virtue of the said Act; on Failure whereof such Ship or Vessel shall, to all Intents a id Purposes, be from henceforth considered, and deemed and taken to be, a Foreign Ship or Vessel, and shall not again be registered, and be entitled to the privileges of a British or Irish Ship or Wild, unless fudi special Representation of the Circumstances of the Case to four or more of the Commissioners of his Majesty Y Customs in England, or to three or more of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Scotland or Ireland, or to the Governor# Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being of the I Hands of Guemfy or Jersey, or of any Colony, Plantation, Island, or Territory to his Majesty belonging, as the Gale may be, the said Commissioners, Covert, or, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief, shall respectively, on Consideration of the special Circumstances of the Case, think fit to order, and in such Case they are hereby authorized to order, that the said Ship or Vessel shall be registered, and be thereby again entitled to the Privileges of a British or Irish Ship or Vessel; and such Registry shall be made, and such Certificate thereof shall be granted accordingly: Provided always, that all the Regulations required by the Lqws in force concerning the first Regis-tiT of Ships and Vessels, shall in every such Case be complied with: Provided nevertheless, that in no Case of the Transfer of Property in Whole or in Part, of any Ship or Vessel, in the Manner herein-before mentioned, the Ship or Vessel of which the Property is so transferred shall be registered de novo, or be entitled to the Privileges of a British or Irish Ship or Vessel, unless such Ship or Vessel shall return to the Port of his Majesty Y Dominions to which (he belongs, or to such other Port in which (he may be registered de novo % within the Period of twelve Months after the Date of such Transfer of Property, if such Ship or Vessel shall not be on a Voyage to the East of the Cape of Good Hope, o.* to the West of Cape Horn, or within two Years if the Ship or Vessel is on a Voyage to the East of the Cape of Good Hope, or to the West of Cape Horn at the Time such Transfer of Property shall take Place, except by the Order of the said Commissioners, Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief respectively, upon special Representation of the Circumstances of the Case in Manner herein-before authorized.

H Act may be repealed or altered this Session." §25. 1

CAP. LXII.

An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for diveiling the Appointment of Commissioners to kdminifler certain Oaths and Declarations, required by Law to be taken and made by Persons offering to vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, to all Oaths novt required by Law to be taken by Voters at Elections for Members to serve in Parliament.

[3d June 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for direQing the Appointment of Commtfloners to administer certain Oaths and Declarations, required

4 by Law to be taken and made by Persons offering to vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, it was

(amongil other Things) enacted, that when a Poll should be demanded at any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Borough, or other Place in England or Wales, or for the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, the Returning Officer or Officers at every such Election, after such Poll

should be demanded, should, at the Inllance and Request in Writing of any of the Candidates, under his or their Hand or Hands, immediately after such Requeil, and before he or they should proceed further in taking

the Poll, retain, nominate, and appoint two or more Persons to adiilinifter the Oaths of Allegiance, Supre-

macy, the Declaration of Fidelity, the Oath of Abjuration, and the Declaration or Affirmation of the Effect

thereof, required by Law to be taken, made, or subscribed by Voters at ElectioAs of Members to serve in

A.IX 1802. .42° GEORGII III. C. 62, 63.

Parliament: And wbcms there are other Oaths besides those enumerated in the said Act, which Voters at

Elections of Member* to serve in Parliament may be by Law required to take, the present Mode of administering whereof is attended with Delay and Inconvenience, and the Delay and Inconvenience intended by the said Act to have been prevented, are thereby Only in Part remedied be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, amd by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the pairing of this Act, when a Poll shall be demanded at any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Borough, or other Place in England or Wales, or for the Town of Berwicl-upon-Tweed, the Returning Officer or Officers at every such Election, after such Poll shall be demanded, shall, at the Inilance and Request m Writing of any Candidate or Candidates at such Election, under his or their Hand or Hands, immediately after such Request, and before he or they shall proceed further in taking the Poll, retain, nominate, and appoint two or more Persons (as the Case may require), severally and at different Places, separate and apart from the Place where the Poll shall be taken, to administer all the Oaths, and take the Declarations and Affirmations, now required by Law to be taken and made by Voters at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and to certify the Names of the several and respective Electors who shall take such Oaths and make such Declarations and Affirmations respectively, in the Manner prescribed by the said recited Act; and the Persons to be appointed as aforesaid shall respectively have full Power, arid each and every of them is hereby authorized and required, to administer all and every such several and respective Oaths to, and take such Declarations and Affirmations from, every such Elector who shall desire or be required to take the same Oaths, or make the same Declarations or Affirmations, or any of them, previously to his voting at any such Election; and every such Person so appointed as aforesaid shall, immediately after such Appointment, and before he shall fake upon him to act under such Appointment, take the following Oath \ (that is to1 say),

T Do swear, that I will faithfully and impartially administer the Oaths, and take the Declarations and Af-

formations, rioW required by Law to be taken or made by Voters at Elections for Members to serve in Parliament, to and from such Persons as shall lawfully apply to me in that Behalf, in order to qualify themselves

to vote at this Election; and that I will, on being thereunto rtrquested/ ferrly and truly give to every such Person, or any of them, who shall take such Oaths, or make such Dfcdattiridn* or Affirmations respectively,

or any of them, before me, a Certificate thereof; and that Iwftl' nOt g&cftifti Certificate to any Person bc-g fore he shall have taken such Oath or Oaths, or make such Declar&tiorr or Declarations, Affirmation or Afi firmations respectively, as shall be mentioned in such Certificate, before me and my Presence.*

Which Oath to be taken by the several Persons respectively so to be appointed, ' the Returning Officer or Officers at every such Election, 'and his or their Deputy or Deputies, and any of therfi, is and are hereby authorized and required to administer.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Powers, Directions, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, mentioned and contained in the said recited Act of the thirty-fourth' Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall be extended to this Act, and be applied for the Purposes thereof, in the farad Manner as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act) any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to authorize the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets, Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers by the Post, free from the Duty of Postage, by the Members of the two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain publick Officers therein named; and for reducing die Postage on such Votes, Proceedings, and Newspapers when sent by any other Persons. # [22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Members of the two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Irelandshould send and receive Letters and Packets by the Post free from the Duty of Postage, within the said United Kingdom, under certain Regulations and Restrictions: ' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, lo long as the Revenue arising in the General Letter Office or Post Office, or Office of Postmaster General, shall continue to be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, it shall and may be lawful to and for each and every Member of the two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland to fend by the Post to Places within the said Kingdom, free from the Duty of Postage, during the fitting of any Session of Parliament, or within forty Days before or forty Days after any Summons or Prorogation of the same, any Number of Letters and Packets not exceeding ten Letters or Packets in any one Day, so as none of such Letters or Packets shall exceed the Weight of one Ounce, and so as each of them be superferibed or directed in Manner herein after mentioned; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for each and every Member of both Houses of Parliament of the said United Kingdom, during the fitting of any Session of Parliament, or within forty Days before or forty Days after any Summons or Prorogation of the same, to receive by the Post, from Places within the said United Kingdom, any Number of Letters and Packets not exceeding fifteen Letters or Packets in any one Day, so as each such Letter and Packet do not exceed the Weight of one Ounce, and be directed to the Member at the Place where he shall actually be at the Time of the Delivery thereof, or at his usual Place of Residence in London^ or at the House of Parliament, or the Lobby of the House of Parliament of which he shall be a Member.

397

When a Poll shall be demanded at »uy Election for any Place in England, &c. the Returning Officer shall appoint twoor more Persons to administer af! the Oa hs, Uc. required by Law,

Oath of Persons so appointed.

Powers of 34G. 3. C. 7* extended to this Act.

Members of Parliament may fend daily by Port within the United Kingdom 10 Letters' and receive 15, not exceeding one Ounce each, fee stora Pottage, under certain Regulations*

398 C. 63. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1801.

Superscription of Letters Cent -shall be of the Hand Writing of the Mcml>er, with the Name of the Foft Town, , and Date, See.

The Suiplus Letters above the Number permitted to pass free, shall be charged with the Portage in Manner herein directed.

The Treasury and Admiralty, Secretaries of State, and other Officers in Great Britain and Ireland, may send and receive within the United Kingdom, Letters and Packets free from Portage;

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Letter or Packet whatsoever, directed by any Member of either of the two Housea of Parliament of the said United Kingdom, shall be exempted from the Payment of Postage, unless the whole Superscription upon every such Letter or Packet so sent shall be of the Hand Writing of the Member directm^ the fame, and shall have endorsed thereon the Name of such Member, together with the Name of the Poll Town from which the same is intended to be sent, and the Day, Month, and Year when the same shall be to be put into the Poll Office; the Day of the Month to be in Words at lengthy ai\d the Whole to be of the Hand Writing of the Member; and also unless every such Letter or Packet shall be put into the General Poll Office, or other Pod Office, or into any receiving House or Place appointed by his Majesty's Podmader General for the Receipt of Letters and Paclccts, to be forwarded by the Poll on the Day of the Date put upon such Letter or Packet, and unless the Member whose Name shall be endorsed thereon shall actually be in the Poll Town into the Pod Office of which every such Letter or Packet shall be put, or within twenty Miles of such Pod Town, on the Day, or on the Day before the Day, on which such Letter or Packet (Kail be put into the Pod Office.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever the Number of Letters or Packets, not weighing more than one Ounce each, sent or received by any Member of either of the two Houses of Parliament of the said United Kingdom, in any one Day, shall exceed the Number herein-before permitted to pass free from the Duty of Podage, and the Rates of fcodage on the said Letters or Packets respectively, or any of them, shall differ, then such. of the said Letters or Packets as would be chargeable with an higher Rate of Podage than the Remainder, shall be included in the Number so exempted in Preference to any which would be chargeable with a lower Rate of Podage; and the Remainder of such Letters or Packets shall be chargeable with the several Rates of Podage respectively to which such Letters or Packets would by Law be chargeable, and sent or received by any Persons not entitled to fend or receive Letters or Packets free from the Duty of Podage.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, the Secretaries to the Treasury, the Lord High Admiral or Commissioners of the Admiralty, the Secretaries of the Admiralty, his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, their Under Secretaries, the Clerks of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, his Majesty's Secretary' at War, the Deputy Secretary at War, his Majesty's Podmader General, the Secretary to such Poilmaster General, the Deputy of the Pott matter General for Scotland, his Secretary, the Surveyors of the Pod Office, the Paymaster General of the Forces* the Commander in Chief, the Secretary to the Commander in Chief, the Adjutant General of the Forces, the Comptroller of Army Accounts, all within Great Britain; his Majesty's Lieutenant General or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland\ and his or their Chief Secretary, his or their Secretary for the Provinces of Ulster and Munster in Ireland, his or their Secretary redding in Great Britain, the Under Secretary for the Law Department of the Chief Secretaries Office, the Under Secretary and First Clerk for the Military Department-of the Chief Secretaries Office, the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, the Secretary tQ the Treasury, his Majesty's Podmader General, all within Ireland\ and for the Time being, to send and receive Letters and Packets by the Pod, free from the Duty of Postage in the United Kingdom, in the same Manner and under such Restrictions as Persons heretofore or now authorized to fend or receive Letters free from

; >nd also the Clerk of Parliaments, and certain Clerks of the House of Peers and Commons

the Duty of Postage, either in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, do now send and receive Letters free from the Duty of Postage.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Clerk of the Parliaments, the Clerk Assistant, and the Reading Clerk of the House of Peers of the said United Kingdom, and the Clerk of the House of Commons, the Deputy to the Clerk of the House of Commons, the two Clerks Assistant of the House of Commons, and the Chief Clerk without Doors of the House of Commons of the said United Kingdom (who receives the Fees, and pays them to the Officers of the said House to send and receive Letters and Packets within the said United Kingdom, free from the Duty of Postage, in the same Manner and under such Restrictions as the Clerk of the Parliaments and the Clerk of the House of Commons are now authorized to send and receive the same within Great Britain.

and also the Treasurar and Paym.fter of the Navy, and Inspector of Seamen's Wills, (under z6 G. 3. c. 63.) as they might previous to 35 G. 3. c. 53.

Lord Chancellor, and certain pub-Jick Orticeis in Ireland, may also fend and 1'cceive Letters in Ireland, free from Postage, as under Irish Act, 40 G. 3. c. 8.

514.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer or Paymaster of the Navy, and Inspector of Seamen's Wills, appointed under an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for the Time being, to send and receive Letters within the said United Kingdom, free from the Duty of Postage, in the same Manner and under such Restrictions as they were by Law authorized, previous to the passing of an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further regulating the sending and receiving Letters free from the Duty of PoJlage, for allowing Non-commissioned Officers, Seamen, and Private Men, in the Army and Navy, whilst on Service, to find and receive Letters at a low Rate of Postage, and for permitting Patterns and Samples of Gooils to be transmitted by the Post at an eqfter Rate than is now allowed by Law.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, the Secretary to the Treasury, the Quarter Master General, the Chief Commissioner of the Barrack Board, the Assistant Under Secretary' for the Law Department of the Chief Secretaries Office, the First Clerk of the Civil Department in the said Office, the Treasurer or Receiver General of the Poll Office, the Comptroller of the Sorting Office in the Pod Office, and the Surveyors of the Post Office, all within Ireland, for the Time being, to send and receive Letters and Packets by the Post in Ireland, free from the Duty of Postage, in the same Manner and under such Restrictions, as certain Officers in Ireland have been accustomed in respect of their Offices, to send and receive Letters and Packets, under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the fortieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for granting certain Duties and Rates upon the Postage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets in Ireland\

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 63.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty's Postmaster General of Ireland for the Time being to authorize under his Hand and Seal, any Persons, not exceeding two in Number at one Time, to fend by the Post Letters and Packets which shall concern the Business of the Pod Office only, free from the Duty of Pottage, so as such Persons, so to be authorized, do make and subscribe an Indorsement upon each Letter or Packet, signifying that such Letter or Packet is upon his Majesty's Service, and to seal the same with the Seal of Office 5 which Persons are hereby strictly forbid so to endorle and seal any Letter or Packet whatsoever, unless such only concerning which they shall receive the special Direction of their superior Officer, or which they shall themselves know to concern the Business of their respective Offices; and if any such Personr so to be authorized, shall knowingly make and subscribe such Indorsement, or procure the same to be fnade, upon any Letter or Packet which does not really concern the Business of the Office, in respect of which he- is authorized to make the fame, he shall for the nrft Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and applied in such Manner as by the Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen jinne, for establishing a General Post Office is directed with respect to Penalties inflicted by the said Act, and for the second* Offence shall be dismissed from his Office.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person entitled to fend any Letters or Packets free from the Duty of Pottage, being, by bodily Infirmity, disabled from writing the whole Superscription of such Letters or Packets, shall chuse to authorize and appoint some one Person on his Behalf, and in his Stead, to sign his Name upon, and write the Superscription of such Letters and Packets, and shall cause Notice thereof in Writing under his Hand and Seal, or under the Hand and Seal of any Person authorized by him so to notify the fame, such Authority being to be certified and attested by the Signature of any Witnesses who shall have been present when such Authority was given, and who shall subscribe such Notice, to be transmitted to his Majesty's Postmaster General, all such Letters and Packets so signed and superferibed by the Person so authorized and appointed, shall be allowed to pass free of the Duty of Pottage, and shall in all Refoe&s be proceeded with as if the whole Superscription had been of the Hand Writing of the Person by whom such Authority was given as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Member of both Houses of Parliament of thfc United Kingdom, and the said respective Clerks of the two Houses of Parliament herein-before mentioned, to fend by the Post, within the said United Kingdom, any printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, or printed Newspapers, free from the Duty of Pottage, To as the lame be sent without Covers, or in Covers open at the Sides, which shall be signed on the Outnde thereof by the Hand of any Member of Parliament, or either of the said respective Clerks, in such Manner as hath been heretofore pra&iled; and aHo that it shall and may be lawful to and for each and every Member of both the said twd Houses of Parliament, and for each and every of the said respective Clerks, to authorize printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, -to be sent by the Post, free from the Duty of Pottage, add retted to him at such Place and Places within the said United Kingdom as he shall have previously given Notice in Writing, to the Postmaster General, either at London or Dublin.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament passed in the Parliament of Great Britain, or in the Parliament of Ireland, and now-in force* are authorized in respect of their Offices to fend Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, free from the Duty of Postage, shall and may fend the same within the United Kingdom, in such and the like Manner as they have heretofore been accustomed to do.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty's Postmaster General in England and Ireland respectively, or any of the Officers employed under him or them respectively, to examine and search any Packet sent without a Cover, or in a Cover open at the Sides, in order to discover whether any other Paper or Thing whatsoever be inclosed or concealed in or with such printed Paper, as is hereby permitted to be font free of Postage without a Cover, or in a Cover open at the Sides, and in order to discover whether such printed Newspapers shall have been duly stamped; and in case any such other Paper or Thing whatsoever shall be found to be inclosed or concealed in or with such printed Paper as aforesaid, or in cafo there shall be any Writing other than the Superscription upon such printed Paper, or upon the Cover containing the fame, the Whole of such Packet shall be charged with Treble the Duty of Postage; and in case any such Newspaper shall appear not to have been duly stamped, every such Officer is hereby required to flop the fame, and fend it to the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, cither at London or Dublin, as the Case may be.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person whatsoever to fend any printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by the Poll to Ireland, at the Rate of one Penny only for the Carriage of each printed Vote and Proceeding in Parliament, and each printed Newspaper, and also for any Person whatsoever to fend any printed Newspaper by the Post from Ireland to England and Scotland, at the Rate of one Penny only for the Carriage of each printed Newspaper; such printed Votes, Proceedings, and printed Newspapers when so sent to be open at both Ends; the said Sum of one Penny to tte paid when the said printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers fhalLbe put into the Poll Office; which printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers shall, on such Payment as aforesaid, be marked Post paid, and the Money received thereon in Great Britain shall be carried to tire Revenue of the Post Office of Great Britain, and the bioney received thereon in Ireland shall be carried to the Revenue -of the Post Office of Ireland.

XIV. And be it further enacted, Thai* if any Person whatsoever shall; from and after the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, forge or counterfeit the Hand Writing of any Person whatsoever in the Superscription of any Letter or Packet to be font by the Post, in order to avoid the Payment of the Duty of Postage, or shall forge, ' counterfeit, or alter, or shall procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, the Date Kpon the Superscription of stay such Letter 01 Packet, or shall write atod feud by the Post, or cause so be writ-

<L ten

399

Postmaster General of Ireland may authorize two Persons to fend Letters and Packets concerning the Post Office, free from the Duty of Portage, fee.

[9 Ann, c. 10.]

Persons entitles! to fend Letters, Sec. free, may, in case bodily Infirmity, authorize a Pci fbn to write their Name, Sec. thereon, and on Notice to the Postmaster, such Letters shall go free.

Members and-Clerks of both. Houses may fend Votes ants Newspapers free in Covers open atthe Sides, See*

Persons heretofore authorized* to fend Votes, Sec. may continue to do so.

Packets so sent may be inspect- -ed at the Post Office, and if found to to conceal any Thing, See. they shall be charged Treble Postage, See. — Unstamped Newspapers shall be sent to Sump Office.

Any Person may fend Votes, and Newspapers by the Post to Ireland at (the Rate of id. for each; and New& papers from Ireland at the like Rate>il left open.at both Ends.

Fdrging any £ upeifcripiion, or altering the Date thereof. Sc c. Felony, punishable by 7 Years Transportatiwa.

400*

39 & 4oC-

c. 44. ('mu*! hj 41 <7. 3. U. A\ 55-)

revived from Mar. 25, 1802, and continued till Mar. 25, 1803, a« to Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors; and their Arrears.

Reduced Adjutant entitled to any Allowance under this Act may receive the same, ndth fuels ether Pay, &c. as he is entitled so as Adjutant.

From tKe disembodying of the Militia in Ireland, the Subalterns shall have certain annual Allowances over the Pay they may be entitled to during Peace.

Exceptions.

C. 63, 64, 65. 44' GEORGII 'III. A.D. 1880a.

ten and sent by the Port, any Letter or Packet, the Soperscription or Cover whereof shall be forged or counterfeited, or the Date upon such Superscription or Cover altered, in order to avoid the Payment of the Duty of Postage, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for fevea Years.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session." $ 15.

C a P. LXIV.

An Act to revive and further continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, and amend so much of an Act, made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant-Major of Militia, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament. {.22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting until the twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and one, certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia, disembodiej

under an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for enabling his Majesty to accept the Services of ag 1 additional Number of Volunteers from the Militia, under certain Restrictions which was revived by an Act made

in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and continued until the twenty-fifth Day of Marsh 1 Ouc thousand eight hundred and two, (hoidd be again revived and further continued, 10 far as the same re-

late# to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors; be it therefore enacted by the Ring's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Cotaimons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, ai\d the Allowances therein granted and mentioned to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors, and all the Prorifions relating thereto, shall be revived from the said twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, and continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, so far as the same relates to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors, and that all such and the like Allowances as would have beefi payable apd paid unto any Adjutants and Serjeant Majors, if the said Act and Allowances had been continued by any Act of Parliament before the said twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, shall be payable and paid, and all Arrears thereof fully satisfied, in like Manner in every Respect as. if this Act had passed before the said twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two.

II. And be it further enacted, That every reduced Adjutant entitled to any Allowance under this Act may receive and take such Allowance, together with the Pay of any such other Commission, or any such other Allowance or Emolument, as is allowed to be held or received by any Adjutant of any Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England\ together with any Pay or Allowance to which he may be entitled as such Adjutant; Provided always, that no such reduced Adjutant shall be entitled to receive any Allowance under this Act during the Time he shall hold any Office of Profit, Civil and Military, under his Majesty, other than such as aforesaid.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for making Allowances, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, in certain Cases, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Ireland, during Peace.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make some Addition to the Pay of certain Subaltern Officers of the

Militia Forces of Ireland who have served during the present War, after the disembodying of the said

Forces, and during Peace, under certain Regulationsmay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confint of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the disembodying of the Militia Forces of Ireland, certain annual Allowances, over and above the Pay to which during Peace they are now entitled, shall for the future be allowed and paid to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, of the Descriptions, to the Amount, under the Restrictions, and in the Manner herein after expressed; (that is to say), to every Subaltern of Militia, who now bears a Commission, is serving, and shall continue faithfully to serve in the same Coips, or who, previous to the Expiration of four Months from the passing of this Act, shall be appointed to a Commission, and shall continue faithfully to serve in the embodied Militia, and in the same Corps, until the disembodying thereof, the following annual Allowances, over and above the Pay to which they may be by Law entitled during Peace, shall be allowed and paid, over and above any Deduction of any Kind, or for any Purpose whatsoever; (that is to say), to a Lieutenant twenty-five Pounds per Annum9 and to an Ensign twenty Pounds per Annum, in the Manner herein after mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who is or shall at any Time hereafter become possessed of such an Estate or Income, as would by Law entitle him to hold a Captain's Commission in the Militia of a County at large, or who is or shall be at any Time hereafter appointed Adjutant or Battalion Clerk in any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, nor any Person deriving in any Way whatsoever, otherwise than as a Subaltern of Militia, any Income, Stipend, or Allowance whatsoever from the Publick, nor any Officer on the Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Army, or Marines, who shall also hold a Subaltern's Commission in the Militia, shall Have or be in any wise entitled to the said annual Allowance, or any P^rt or Share thereof; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

111. And

A.3>.

1802.

44° GEORGII III.

C. 65.

III. And be it further eriaded, TTiat the Subaltern Officers of Militia, who fbafl claim under tie Authority of this Act to receive either of the said annual Allowances, shall, previous to receiving the fame, and in order to entitle themselves thereto, annually take and subscribe an Oath before some one of his Majesty's Justicea of the Peace for the County, or County of a City, or County of a Town, to which such Regiment or Battalion in which they serve shall belong, in the Words or to the Effect following; (videlicet, )

T J. B. do swear, That I am serving as a Subaltern Officer in the Regiment or Battalion of

Militia, and that I am not in my own Right, or in Right of my Wife, nor have been since the disem-

bodying of the said Regiment or Battalion, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents

and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of such an annual Value above Reprizes, as would qua-

hfy me to hold a Captain's Commission in the Militia of a County at large; that I am not, nor have been,

fi.ice the disembodying of the said Regiment or Battalion, an Adjutant or Battalion Clerk in any Regiment or Battalion of Militia; that I do not hold or enjoy, nor have held or enjoyed, nor dots nor has any rerson for me hold or enjoy, or held or enjoyed, since the disembodying the said Regiment or Battalion, any Office or Income whatsoever from the Publick; and that I am n6t entitled either to the Fall or Half Pay of the Navy,

Army, or Marines, nor have been since the disembodying of the said Regiment or Battalion.

4 So help me O O D/

Which Oath, so taken and subscribed, shall be by the said Justice forthwith certified and transmitted, and h« is hereby required to certify and transmit the same to the Collector of Excise of the District in which the County, County of a City, or County of a Town, to which such Regiment or Battalion of Militia in which such Subaltern Officer shall be then serving shall be situate, to be by him filed and preserved for the Purposet herein after mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Subaltern Officer of the Militia who shall be entitled, or claim to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall regularly attend the annual Exercise and Training of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, during the Whole of the twenty-eight Days by Law required for that Purpose, and shal', during that Time, punctually do and perform his Duty as a Subaltern Officer of such Regiment or Battalion, on Pain of forfeiting the said annual Allowance, as well as the Relb of his Pay, and every Part thereof which may be due for the current Year, in which he shall neglect or refuse to atteno; and Certificates of his having so attended and performed his Duty, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion to which he may belong, shall be transmitted by the said Commanding Officer to the Coi-ledlor of Exdife of the District in which the County, County of a City, or County of a Town, to which such Regiment or Battalion in which such Subaltern Officer is then serving shall belong, is situate, to be by the said Collector received previous to any such Subaltern Officer being entitled to demand or receive the said annual Allowance, < r any Pail thereof; and in case any such Subaltern Officer, claiming to be entitled to such annual Allowance, shall be by his Commanding Officer permitted or suffered, for any special Cause or unavoidable Necessity, to be absent during the Whole or any Part of such annual Exercise, in which Case it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer to grant such Leave of Absence, and for such Subaltern Officer who may be so permitted to be absent, to demand and receive the said annual Allowance, and evenr Part thereof, in like Manner as if he had attended during the Whole of the annual Exercise, the Reasons for such Absence, as well as the Duration thereof, shall be carefully and truly specified in the Certificates before mentioned, signed by the Commanding Officer, to be by him transmitted as soon artonveniently may be to the Collector of Excise for the District in which such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong, is situate, and to the Chief Secretary of his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, after the disembodying thereof, at any Time shall not be called out for the annual Exercise and Training thereof, every Subaltern Officer belonging to any such Regiment or Battalion, and coming within the Descriptions of this Act, who shall have taken the Oath herein-before mentioned, before any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the said annual Allowance, as if such Subaltern Officer had regularly attended the annual Exercise and Training of such Regiment or Battalion, during the Whole of the twenty-eight Days by Law required for that Purpose, and a Certificate of such Attendance, signed by the Commanding Officer of such Regiment or Battalion, had been transmitted to the Collector of Excise for the Di(lri& in which such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong, is situate, according to the Directions of this A A; any Thing contained in this Act to the contrary not with (landing.

VI. And be it further enacted, That upon such Certificate as aforesaid of such Justices of the Peace and Commanding Officer as aforesaid, or where any Regiment or Battalion shall not have been called to their annual Exercise as aforesaid, upon Certificate of any fitch Justice of Peace only being produced to or received by the respective Colkdors, it shall and may be lawful for such Collectors, and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to the said Subaltern Officers, according to their respective Commissions of Lieutenant or En-figu, the annual Allowance above mentioned, in Addition to their Pay, without any Deduction whatsoever, out of any publick Monies in their Hands, all which Monies so paid by such Coliedors shall be allowed them in their Accounts 5 the Certificates before mentioned to be by them preserved and produced as Vouchers for the Payment# from Time to Time made by them in pursuance of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers of the Militia, entitled or claiming to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall at all Times be liable to serve in the respective Regiments or Battalions to which they belong, whenever the same shall be embodied or called out upon actual Service; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to attend when called upon, or in case any such Subaltern Officer shall a second Time neglect or refuse to attend, and perform his Duty at the annual Exercise as before directed, each and every such Subaltern Officer shall forfeit his most their Claim to the Lid annual Allowance, and every Part thereof, m all

42 Geo. ILL 3 F Ths

401

Subalterns shall take the follow-in#

Oath.

Jurtires Quli

tianfroil Oat!* to the Colloflor of Excise of Cut District.

Subalterns (Sail attend the annual Exercise, on Pain of forfeiting the Allowance and ' their Pay. Certificate of 1 such Attendance shall be traofmUted by the Command- ing Officer to the Collector of the ExeHeof the Difind, Ice.

On Leave of Absence, the Rea-foa must be intoned in the Certificate, which mufi alfe be fenttothe Chief Sc ere. ary.

If Militia Le not called out to annual Excirife, the £ui*llernt Dial! still be entitled to the Allow attest

Allowance* shall be paid without Deductiuo-

Subsltrms not attending wren called upon shall forfeit their Claims.

4 0*

Allowances (h a H-

be paid by Collectors on Pio-duftion of Certificates.

Subalterns m.iy leceive Pay for attending annual Exercise, but not the Allove-»iu c while the Militia is «m* bodied.

Allowance shall extend only to a certain Number. Senior Lieutenants shall have the Preference, and the Junior shall succeed en Vacancies.

[/or Ireland, feet, 68.]

411* Majesty may accept the Service of any Cwrp# of Yeomanry or Volunteers* on such Conditions as he

Pdvfons enrolled in such Corps^ and duly attending Exercise, &c. (half be exempted from serving in the Militia.

Exemption shall not be allowed unless Muster Rolls in Form in Schedule (A.) are transmitted to the Lieutenant f the County, See, with a Certificate in the Form in Schedule (B.) of Persons having attended Exer-rife five Days* Ac.

Persons resigning

or discharged from such Corps shall lose the Be-

C. 65, 66. 4a'teEOKGII III. A.O.1^02.1

Tips to come* and foaH also be considered as having refig tied and vacated his and their Comnnflimi and Commission to all Intents and Purposes whatever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the fakJ several anhiial Allowances shall be paid to the Persons respectively entitled thereto* by the Golkftors, upon the Production of the bdawe-mentioned several Certificates* as soon after the Times of the annual Exerciib and Triinri^asmay be convenient or practicable: Provided always that nothing ia this Act contained shall extendi or be confirmed to extend, to prevent any Subaltern Officer entitled to the Benefit of it* from receiving the Pay allowed by Law for his Attendance at such annual Exercise as before-mentioned, over and above the said annual Allowance: Provided also* that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to entitle any Subaltern Officer as aforesaid to the said annual Allowance, or any Part thereof, during the Time the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs shall be embodied or called out on actual Service: Provided abb, that this Act, and the Benefits and Allowances therein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to more than ten Lieutenants in any Regiment containing more than ten Companies; to more than nine Lieutenants in any Regiment containing more than eight and less than eleven Companies; to more than eight Lieutenant* in any Regiment or Battalion containing more than fix and less than nine- Companies; to more than five Lieutenants in any Regiment or Battalion confiding of fix or of a less Number of Companies.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case in any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, at the Time of disembodying thereof, there shall happen to be a greater Number of Lieutenants, coming within the Description of this Act, than can be entitled to claim the Benefits thereof, within the true Intent and Meaning of the foregoing Proviso, the Senior Lieutenants of such Number shall always be preferred, and shall be alone entitled to demand and receive the above mentioned Allowances, and that the Junior Lieutenants shall succeed to such Allowances in Rotation as Vacancies n>ay happen among the said Senior Lieutenants from Time to Time.

" Continuance of this Act 25th March 1803." $ 10*

CAP. LXVI.

An Act to enable his Majesty to avail himself of the Offers of certain Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps to continue their Services.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, to enable his Majesty to avail himself of the Offers of ccttain Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps to continue their Services: And whereas it w ould tend to encourage the Continuance of such Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers, if Persons enrolled and serving therein were to be exempted from ' serving personally, or providing Substitutes, for the Militia, under certain Regulations be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty to accept the Offers of Service of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers already formed, or that have served during the late War, and that may be willing to continue to serve, and also to accept the Offers of Service of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers that may at any Time hereafter be formed* upon such Terms and Conditions respectively as may to his Majesty seem fit and proper.

Itiay think proper.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Person enrolled or to be enrolled and serving in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers in Great Brit am i which (bail hereafter be continued or formed in Great Britain, with the Approbation of his Majesty* under Officers having Commissions from his Majesty, or Lieutenants of Counties* or others who may be speciallr authorized by his Majesty for that Purpose, who shall have attended the Exercise of his Corps on a certain Number of Days of Muster and Exercise, and who shall be returned in the Muller Rolls required by this Act* and certified to have attended the respective Number of Days therein mentioned, unless prevented in Manner therein mentioned* shall be exempt from being liable to serve personally or to provide a Slibstitute in the Militia of Great Britain.

III. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That no such Exemption shall be claimed or allowed in the present or any future Year nespectively, unlcft Muster Rolls in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed* marked (A.)* shall, within three Months after the passing of this Act, for the present Year, and on or before the twenty-first Day of September for any future Year, in which such Exemption may be claimed, be transmitted to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place within which such Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers shall bt continued or formed, or to ionic Person duly authorized by him to receive the same, which Mtifter Rolls shall be by him sent to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the said County, Riding, or Place, on or before the first Day of October next following, who shall thereupon transmit Extracts therefrom, containing the Names of the said Persons in each Subdivision, to the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, who are hereby required forthwith to enter such Exemption on the Rolls of such Militia; and the Commanding Officer so transmitting the same shall annex thereto a Certificate* in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.)* signed by himself, certifying that he has not, to the bed of his Knowledge and Belief, inserted in the said Muster Roll the Name of any Person who has not attended, properly armed and equipped, at the Muster and Exercise of the Corps to which he shall belong, five Days at the least in the Course of the Year preceding such Certificate, unless prevented by actual Sickness, such Sickness to be certified by forae Medical Practitioner to such Commanding Officer as aforesaid; and no Person shall at any Time be entitled to claim such Exemptions as aforesaid* unless his Name shall be found on the last Muster Rolls which shall have been transmitted and certified pursuant to this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in the said Muster Rolls there shall be niferted the Name of every Person enrolled in any such Corps as aforesaid, who shall, since the Date of th* last Mufttr Roll, have notified to th* Commanding Officer thereof his Intention of discontinuing his Service therein, or have been discharged

l from

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII IIJ. G. 66.

froci} such Corps, 911 account of Non-attendance, or otherwise; and that if any fufcb Person, during the Period of his having enrolled in such Corps, shall have been drawn for the Militia, and shall have been exempted from Service therein, on .account of his Enrolment and Seryice in such Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps, he /fia* on such Resignation or Discharge as aforesaid, be liable to serve for the District in which he was 4^aprir, in the fajne Manner as if he had not be^n exempted; and if there shall be at that Time no Vacancy for the Did rift for which be was drawn, hie or his Substitute shall be accounted a Supernumerary for the fame* until a Vacancy shall a rife.

V. And be it fyrther enacted, That no Person shall be entitled to claim such Exemption as aforesaid, by reafgn of hi8 Enrolment and Service in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, or by reason of being returned in apy ft#: h Muller Rolls as aforesaid* unless the Commanding Officer thereof shall, at the Times of transmit-tipg Mnder Rq1)s of fuah Coip$ in Manner directed by this Act, certify at the Foot thereof, that such Corps has been inspected at least once in the Space of the preceding Year, by some General or Field Officer of his Majesty's Regular Forces, or if such Inspection shall not have taken place, that such Corps is ready and willing to be so inspected, at its usual Place or Places and Times of Meeting; Copies of which Certificates shall be certified by such Lieutenant to the Clerk of the General Meeting, and by him to the Subdivision Meetings, together with the Muller Rolls.

VI. And be it further ei m ted, That the Clerks of the General Meetings of the several Counties and Places in Great Britain, shall once in every Year transmit to one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, Ab-straftty in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (C.L of the several Mutter Rolls so sent to them respectively within the Year; whiffi Abstracts shall express the Names of the several Corps, the Number of Perjfqs.enrolled and serving therein, and the Number in every such Corps exempted from serving in the ftfilitja r< spectively.

VII. And be it further en ifted, 7*hat every Person enrolled and serving in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, after lIle passing of this Act, who shall be returned in any such Mutter Roll as aforesaid, as having used any Horse, Mare, or Gelding for such Service during such Days of Mutter and Exercise as aforesaid, shall be exempt from the Payment of the Duties granted by and consolidated in an Act, passed in the forty-second Year of the Reigq of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to Us Majesty certain additional Duties on Servants Carriage*, storfes* Mulct, and Dogs, and for eonjolidating the same with tlx present Duties thereon* in respect of such Horse, Mare, or Gelding; and also from the Duties granted by an Act, passed in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties on Certificates for wearing Hair Powder, or using Armorial Bearings, from th % Commissioners of Stamps to the Commi/stopers for the Affairs of Taxes \ and also for making further Provisions in re-

fbeQ to the said Duties so transferred; in respect of such Persons uttng Hair Po wder; and every Person enrolled and fervii^r in any Corps of Volunteer Infantry after tl>e passing of this Act, who shall, be returned in any such Mutter Roll as aforesaid, shall be exempt from the Payment of the said last mentioned Duties, in respect of fimh Person; such Exemption to he returned and claimed in the Manner m which Exemptions are directed to be rfttyried and claimed by the said last mentioned Acts respectively: Provided always, that every Claim of eithey of such last mentioned Exemptions, fh^Jl be prpyed by the Certificate under the Hand of the Officer commanding the Corps in which such Person shall be enrolled, in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (D.); .which Certifiqate shall, between the, fifth Day cfAfPrU ^d tb£ first Day of May in every Year, be delivered to the Surveyor or Inspector of the District where such Corps shall be enrolled; and every Person claiming to be exempt from the said Duties, or either of them* fh.act be charged..chargeable thereto, unless such Certificate as aforesaid shall have been delivered pursuant to the Provisions of this Act; any Thing in any Act to the contrary thcfiC; of n^witiAandiflg* -.5

VIII. Provided always, afHl.be it further rafted, That every Person who shall have been enrolled, and shall have fejrvrd in any such Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps which /hajl have been or fWl be disbanded, so as to entitle such Person to be e^OTptqd from the said last mentioned Duties on Horses, or for yfing Hair Powder, by the Laws in force, at and immediately before the passing of this Act, for the Year commencing from the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two, shall, in respect of such Service, have ana claim the like Exemption from the said last mentioned Duties for the said Year, as if this Act had not patted, to be claimed and proved in like Manner as is directed by the said Laws now in force; Provided always, that every Person who shall have provided between the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one and the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two, any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for any Person serving in any

Coras of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, or who shall have at his or her Expence furnished an Horse, Mare, or Gelding, shall be exempted from the said last mentioned Duties on Horses, for and in respect of every Horse, Mare, or Gelding so by him provided and furnished as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken at any Turnpike Gate or Bar, for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise; any Thing contained in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Persons shall be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers which shall hereafter be continued or formed in any Counties or Towns in Great Britain with the Approbation of his Majesty, under Officers h&vipg Commission from his Majesty, or from the Lieutenants of Counties, or others who may be specially authorized by his Majesty for that Purpose, and who shall at any Time, on being called upon by special Direction

3 F 2 of

40.;

nefit of such Exemption.

Commanding Officer? shall certify on the Mutter Roll that the Corps has been inspected, or ready to be (0.

Annual Ab-ttra<fls of Multpf Rolls (/.e Schedule C.) shall be transmitted to Secretary of State.

Members of Volunteer Cavalry exempted from the Duly on one Horse, under 42 G. 3-c. 37. and on Hair Powder, under

41 G. 3. c. 69# and Volunteer Infantry from the Utter;

on a Certificate of the Commanding Officer.

Persons haring served in tlif-banded Corps, may claim such Exemptions for the Year commencing from April 1802. As also Persons providing Horses between April 5,

1801, & April

1802, for others seeing in any Corps.

Volunteer Cavalry going to or returning from Exticife exempted from Toll, &c.

Corps who (halt,

on being called on, voluntarily march out of the Counties, &c.or

C. 66

42 GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

aflfrmhle therein of his Majesty, in case of actual Invasion, or Appearance of Invasion, voluntarily march out of their respective torcp«lInv^hon, Counties or Tqwtes, or shall voluntarily assemble within the same to repel such Invasion, or who shall Riots1U^ain e voluntarily inarch, on being called upon in pursuance of any Order from his Majesty, or from the Lieutenant

entitled torel*Sheriff of the County, to act within the County, or the adjacent Counties, for the Suppression of Riots or

reive Pay a? Re- Tumults, shall, in such Cases, be entitled to receive Pay, in such Manner and at such Rates as the Officers and sulars, and ftu!l Soldiers of his Majesty's Regular Forces, and shall, during the Time of their being continued in such Service, then be futjeft and so receiving Pay as above, be subject to Military Discipline, and be entitled to be quartered and billetted, DifcHfoe* a8 of his Majesty's Regular and Militia Troops: Provided always, that no Officer or Soldier of any

But Court* Mar Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps shall be liable to be tried or punished by any Court Martial at any Time, unless tial shall be com- such Court Martial be composed entirely of Officers serving in Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps formed as afore-posed only of said, such Court Martial to be assembled by Warrant under his Majesty's Sign Manual, or by Warrant from Officer* serving some General or other Officer duly authorized to hold Courts Martial, in Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps.

Magistrates, fee. shall quarter Serjeants, See. of such Corps, and their Hoi fes, in Inns, &c. on Application for that Purpose.

How in Scotland.

Persons refuting to deliver up Arms, 6ec. provided at the publick Expence, shall forfeit iol Jcc,

Officers, &c.

disabled entitled to Half Pay, &c.

The Form* of Muster Roll*, &c. hereto annexed, or of a frniil.tr Import seemed valid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Mayors, Bailiffs, Constables, Tithingmeu, Headboroughs, and other Chief Magistrates and Officers of Cities, Towns, Parishes, Tithings, and Places in England, and (in their Default or Absence) for any one Justice of the Peace inhabiting within or near any such City, Town, Parish, Tithing, or Place (but for no others), and they or he arc or is hereby required to quarter and billet the Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers of such Corps as aforesaid, and their Horses, in luns. Livery Stables, Alehottfcs, Victualling Houses, and all Houses of Persons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder, Wine, or Metheglin, by Retail, upon Application made to any such Mayors, Bailiffs, Constables, Tithingmen, Headboroughs, or other Chief Magistrates or Officers, by his Majesty's Lieutenant, or by the Officers commanding the said Corps; and that it shall be lawful in Scotland for all Justices of the Peace and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, and Places, and they and each of them are and is hereby required to quarter and billet such Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers aforesaid, in the same Way and Manner as the Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers of his Majesty's Regular Forces are at present quartered and billetted in Scotland.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall have received or shall hereafter receive Arms or Accoutrements, or Cloathing, from the publick Stores or at the publick Expence, or at the Expence or Charge of any Subscription for providing such Articles, and who upon quitting any such Corps, or being discharged thereform, or upon the disbandwg of any such Corps, shall refuse or neglect, on being lawfully required, to deliver up any such Arms, Accoutrements, or Cloathing, shall, on being convicted thereof before any Justice of the Peace of the County within which such Corps or Company shall have been formed, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, to be levied by Distrefa and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any), on Demand, after deducing the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold; and for-Want of such sufficient Distress, such Justice is hereby required to commit such Offender to the common Gaol of the County, Riding, or Place, where the Offence shall have been committed, for any Time not exceeding two Months, and the Monies arising by such Penalty shall be paid to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Place, where such Offence shall have been committed, to be applied as Part of the Stock of such County, Riding, or Place.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Commissioned Officers of the said Corps, who shall be disabled m actual Service, shall be entitled to Half Pay, and all Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers so disabled, to the Benefit of Chflfca Hospital, and the Widows of Commissioned Officers killed in the Service, to a Pension for Life.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Muller Rolls, Returns, and Certificates respectively made up, returned, arid certified according to the several Forms thereof, (A.), (B.), (C.), and {D.J, annexed to this AbL shall be deemed to be sufficient and valid for the Purposes of the same; but that if, from any Variation bf Circumstances, or other Reason, these Forms should not be strictly adhered to, Tnftrumeirts of a similar ImpoiV shall, nevertheless, be deemed sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid.

FORMS

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 66.

405

FORMS referred to in the above ACT.

(A.)

FORM o/"Muster Roll, and Certificates, to he trnnfmitttd the Commanding Officer! of Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps, to the Lieutenant of the County or Place, on or before the Day of asid on or before the'in every successive Tear.

To A* B. his Majesty's Lieutenant for the of

MUSTER ROLL of the Persons enrolled and serving in the of

commanded by

N° Parish. Name. When enrolled. Parish. Name. When enrolled. N° Parish. Name. When enrolled.

1. 2. 3* 4* 5* 6. 7- 8. 9- 10. 11. 12. 13- A.B. A.B. C.D. E.So G.H. L.M. N.O. P. i

N. B* Discharged or quitted since the Date of the last Mutter Roll:

A.B.

C.D. Scci

Total Number in the Corps exempt from serving in the Militia D° — — not exempt from serving in the Militia

foo*

250

Total Number of Men enrolled in the Corps — 751x1

Signed A.B.

Co D. Commanding Officer.

Adjutant, or Sexjeant Major.

(B.)

CERTIFICATE.

T K. Lo Commanding Officer of the do hereby certify upon my Honour, in pursuance of

an Act of Parliament, passed in the forty-second year of his- present Majesty's . Reign, intituled, An Act \here insert the Title of the A31 That I have not, to the bett of my Knowledge and Belief, inserted, or caused to be inserted, in the above Mutter Roll, containing [here specify the Numberjj Names, the Name

of any Person who has not duly attended, properly armed and equipped, at the Musterand Exercise of the said Corps, Days at the least in the Course of the Year next preceding the.Date hereof, or being prevented by actual Sickness, certified to me by a Medical Practitioner; and I ad further certify, that the said Corps hath, in the Course of the Year preceding the Date hereof, been inspected by A. JB. General or Field Officer in his Majesty's Service [or, hatn been ready and willing to be so inspected] as in the said Act is provided.

Dated the

Signed, K» L.

Commanding Officer.

(C).AESTILACT

13 G. 3. e. it.

Persont dealing

or deft raying Turnips, &c. graving in any Grounds open or

incloi" .'!, and convicted in Man mrdiie<sted by jrrited Aft, shall forfeit not exceeding 20s. r. ^deulieValue 01 : he Goods, &c.

C. 66, 67. GEOB.GII III, A.D. 13oj.

(C.)

ABSTRACT o/* Mutter Rolls to be yearly transmitted by the Lieutenants of Counties, &c, to one of his Majtly't

Principal Secretaries of State.

To M. Jf. one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of {State.

AB3TRA.CT of Mutter Roftp of Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps within the of

received by me 0. P. his Majesty's lieutenant for the fame, since the Day of

in the Year

N° Names and Descriptions - of Cprpa. - [dumber of Persons enrolled and jferving Itherein. 1 Nuiuber ot Persons exempt from Militia. When inspected, or if willing to be so, as required by the Act 39 Geo. 3*

I. Yeomanry — — 600 200 Inspected 25 October 1801.

2. Volunteer Cavalry — 700 100

3- Infantry — — 1, 000 600 Not inspected? frut willing to be so.

4- D° — — — 700 400 D*

Sec. &c. — — — Sec. &c. See.

(1)0

FORM of CERTIFICATE.

T Commanding Officer of the do hereby certify, in pvirfyance of an Act,

passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act [here insert the Title of the Act] That the several Persons herein named and aeferibed are severally enrolled and serving in the said Corps, and have duly attended at the Mutter and Exercise of the said Corps for five Days at the least in thfc Course of the Year next preceding the Date hereof, which Mutter Rolls have been duly returned, testifying the same puritant to the said Act.

Signed

Commanding Officer.

Dated the Day of

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of an Afi> made in the twenty-third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the-preventing the sealing or defraying of Turnips, and for the more effectually preventing the foaling or iefrcmng of Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, Parsnipsy Pease} and Carrots, to certain other Field Crops, and to Orchards \ and for amending the said Act.

[22d June iSo^J

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more

effectually preventing the stealing or destroying of Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, Parsnips, P?af$,

and Carrots, growing or being in.any Garden, Lands, or Grounds open or inclosed; whereby certain Penalties are inflicted upon Persons offending against the said Act: And whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of the said Act flxould b.e extended and amended; may it therefore pjeafe your Majesty that it may be en-aftedj and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice ai>d Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, find Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, (and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person shall steal, take away, wilfully or mail-ciously pull up, injure, or destroy any Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, Parsnips, Beans, Pease, or Carrots, growing 05 being in j)ny.'Garden, Orchard, Lands, or Grounds, open or inclosed, and shall be thereof convict-d before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, every such Person so offending, and being convictecras aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay, upon such Conviction, such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of twenty Shillings over and above the Value of the Goods stolen, taken away, wilfully or maliciously pulled up, injured, or dettrayed, as to such Justice or Justices shall seem meet; which Penalties and Forfeitures shall be recovered and applied in the same Manner and upon the same Evidence as the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by the said recited Act are thereby directed to be recovered and applied; and in Default of Payment of the said Penalty, such Justice or Justices shall commit the Offender to the House of Correftiorr, there to be kept to 4iard Labour so^ any Time not exceeding two Months, unlcl's such Penalty shall be sooner paid or satisfied.

A.£>.'1802.

4> Georgii III.

C. 68.

407

Cap. ixvm.

An Act to enable his Majesty to accept and continue the Services of certain Troop9 or Companies of

Yeomanry in Ireland.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that his Majesty should be enabled to accept and continue the Services of such Troops or Companies of his Majesty's loyal Subjects in Ireland, as have voluntarily aflbeiated and enrolled themselves under and by virtue of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for encouraging and disciplining such Corps of Men as shall voluntarily enrol themselves under Officers to he commissioned by his majesty, for the Defence of this Kingdom during the present Wary or as shall hereafter voluntarily associate and enrol themselves, or be continued or formed in Manner herein after mentioned; and that his Majesty, or the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, should also be empowered, according to his and their Discretion, fully to discharge anddifmifs the said Troops or Companies, or any of them, and to call in and deceive the Arms, Accoutrements, and Clothing of such Troops or Companies as shall be so discharged or dismissed be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any of his Majesty's loyal Subjects in Ireland, shall have voluntarily aflbeiated and enrolled themselv'es, or shall hereafter be aflbeiated and enrolled, or formed or continued in Troops or Companies under Officers having Commissions from his Majesty, or from the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, duly authorized thereto by his Majesty, for the Protection of Property, and Preservation of the Peace, within the Barony, City, or Town wherein the Place of first aflemhling shall be appointed in such Commission, and within every Barony, City, or Town immediately adjoining thereto, every Serjeant, Trumpeter, Drummer, and Private therein, shall be entitled to receive such Clothing, Arms, and Accoutrements, or Allowances in lieu thereof, and also such Pay, in such Manner and at such Rate as his Majesty, or such Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, shall appoint, for every Day not exceeding two Days ifi each Month, that he shall actually assemble and attend by Order of his Commanding Officer, acting under the Direction of such Chief Governor or Governors, for the Purpose of being disciplined and exercised.

II. And be it farther enacted, That one Serjeant, and one Trumpeter or Drummer in every such Troop o» Company, shall be entitled to receive permanent or daily Pay, to be appointed in like Manner during the Continuance of such Troop or Company.

TIL And be it further enacted, That neither such Enrolment, nor the receiving of Pay or Allowances as aforesaid, shall subject any Person so enrolled or receiving Pay to Military Discipline or Duty, or to the Provisions of any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if it shall be the Pleasure of his Majesty, or the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to discontinue the Services of any Troop or Company which shall have been embodied or enrolled under the rrovisions of the said recited Act of the thirty-seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, or which shall be embodied and enrolled, or formed or continued^ by virtue of the Powers in this Act contained, on such the Pleasure of his said Majesty, or such Chief Governor or Governors'of Ireland, being signified to the Commanding Officer of the said Troop or Company, he shall forthwith, on or before the next ufnal Exercise Day of the kid Troop or Company, communicate to the several Persons enrolled in the said Troop or Company, the said Order for discontinuing their Service as aforesaid, and shall then require the said several Persons to deliver up any Arms, Accoutrements, or Clothing which shall have been entrusted to their Custody respectively, which Arms, Accoutrements, and Clothing strallr be forthwith delivered up by the said Persons accordingly; and such Arms, Accoutrements, and Clothing so to be delivered up as aforesaid to the said Commanding Officer, shall be conveyed and deposited by such Commanding Officer in such Place or Places, and at such Time or Times, and given up by the said Commanding Officer to such Person or Persons as his Majesty, or such Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, shall be pleaftd to appoint; and if any such Commanding Officer shall refuse or neglect to call in and deliver up such Arms, Accoutrements, and Clothing, for and during the Space of one Calendar Month from the Day of the Date of the Order of his Majesty, or such Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to that Effect, such Commanding Officer so refusing or neglecting shall, upon due Conviction thereof in any Court of Record, be fined for such Neglect or Refufat the Sum of five hundred Pounds, one Half thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Treasurer of the Infirmary of the County, Town, or City in which his Troop or Company shall have been appointed to assemble, for the Use of such Infirmary.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall have received or been entrusted with, or who shall hereafter receive or be entrusted with any Arms, Accoutrements, or Clothing from the publick Stores, or at the publick Expence, shall, Upon the difoanding or discontinuing of the Services of any such Troop oi Company in Manner aforesaid, or upon his quitting or withdrawing from any such Troop or Company or being discharged therefrom, refuse or neglect (on being thereto lawfully required), to deliver up any such Arms, Accoutrements* or Clothing, every Person so refusing or neglecting shall, on being convicted thereof before any Justice of the Peace of the County within which such Troop or Company shall nave been formed, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any), on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Dill refs and Sale, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, and for Want of such sufficient Distress, such Justic*- is hereby required to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, for any Time not exceeding

IrHh Act 37 G 3. c. u

Troops or Companies of Volunteers under Officers having Commissions from his Majesty, Sec. shall receive Cloa thing. Arms, Sec. and Pay while called out on Exercise, not exceeding two Days in each Month.

Permanent Pay to one Serjeant, St c. in every Troop, See.

Not subject to Military Disci-plme.

When Orders shall be given to discontinue the Serv ices oi any Troop or Company, the Commanding Officer shallcommuni-cate the fame, and require them to deliver up their Arms* Sec.

500l. Penalty on Commanding Officer neglecting.so to do for one Month.

Persons provided with Arms, Sec. at the publick Expence, shall, on being difbancled. Sec. deliver them up, on Penalty of 10L

4-0-3

' Application of P enJtjr.

Where Yeomar?-jyuiti Cases of Invasion or Re-belli jn, See. s6\ »i Military Corps, O.nreiS shall be eniiiled to Pay as Regulars, and Privates as un Days of Exercise, and be ftihjeft to Martial Law.

Com ts-martial shall be composed only of Officers serving in such Corps.

Officers, See. disabled entitled -to Half-pay,

Zee.

Persons fervrng and duly attending in such Corps not liable to serve in the Militia.

Persons enrolled shall subscribe the following

Oath.

Which fli.ll be enrolled.

Officers admitting Persons net subscribing the Oath, shall forfeit 500L

ConftaMes under Ii i(h Act

27 G 3. c. 40. not admissible into Corps,

0.68, 69.

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

exceeding six Months; and the Monies arising by such Penalty shall be applied by the Commanding Officer to replace such Arms, Accoutrements, or Clothing, and the Overplus (if any), to form a Stock Pttrfe for the Ufeo£ such Troop or Company, if such Troop or Company shall remain embodied, or if the said Troop or Company shall be disembodied ordifbanded, then the whole of the said Penalties shall be paid to the Treasuror of the Infir- mary of the County, Town, or City, in whichluck Troop or Company shall have been appointed to assemble for the Use of such Infirmary.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Troop or Company shall, in case of Invasion, Rebellion, or Insurrection, or the Apprehcniion thereof, voluntarily offer to act as a Military' Corps, and to do Duty as such, or to march wherever it shall be ordered within Ireland^ during the Continuance of such Invasion. Infur-redion, or Rebellion, or the Apprehension thereof, every Person therein who shall testify such his Offer by putting his Name thereto shall, upon such Offer being accepted by his Majesty, or the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, be entitled, if a Commissioned Office:, to receive the lame Pay as Officers oflike Rank receive in his Majesty's Regular Forces, and if a Serjeant, Trumpeter, Drummer, or Private, the same Pay daily as on the Days of Exercise; and shall be subject, while he shall be so entitled, and at no other Time nor on any other Ground or Pretence, to the like Military Discipline as Ills Majesty's Regular and Militia Forces, during the Time he shall have so offered fur and no longer.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Officer or Soldier of any such Corps shall be liable to be tried by any Court Martial, unless such Court Martial be composed entirely of Officers ftrving in Corps formed as aforesaid, such Courts Martial to be assembled by Warrant from the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or by Warrant from some General or other Officer duly authorized to order Courts Martial to be holden.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Commissioned Officers of such Troops or Companies who shall be disabled in actual Service, shall be entitled to Half Pay, and all Non-commissioned Officers, Privates, Trumpeters, and Drummers, to the Benefit of the Royal Hospital at Kdma'inham, and the Widows of Commissioned Officers killed in the Service, to such Pension for Life as is usually given to the Widows of Officers of like Rank in his Majesty's Regular Forces.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall be enrolled or continued in any such Troop or Company as aforesaid, shall, during the Time he is serving in such Corps be liable to serve personally, or to provide a Substitute to serve in the Militia; provided he shall produce a Certificate, signed by nis Commanding Officer, -that he has for thf Space of three Months immediately preceding the Day on which he shall have been ballotted to serve in such Militia, punctually attended at all such Times arid Places as may have been appointed for the Exercise of the Troop or Company to which he shall belong, unless prevented therefrom by Sickness, which Sickness shall be dated in such Certificate, and verified by Oath.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Person wno shall hereafter enrol himself in any such Troop or Company shall, at the Time he shall enrol himself, take and subscribe the following Oath or Affirmation of Allegiance.

1 T do sincerely promise and swear [or affirm], that I will be faithful, and bear

1^true Allegiance to his Majesty King George the Third, and that I will faithfully support and maintain the Laws and Constitution of this Kingdom, and the Succession to the Throne in his Majesty's Illudrious House.

'So help me GOD.'

Which Oath any Magistrate is hereby empowered to administer, and the Commanding Officer shall transmit the same to his Majesty's War Office in Ireland without Delay, to be enrolled from thence in his Majesty's Court of Chancery at Dublin.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer shall admit or retain in his Troop or Company any Person who shall neglect to take and subscribe the said Oath, or who, upon being required thereto by niin, shall refuse to take and subscribe the fame, he shall, upon due Conviction thereof in any Court of Record, be fined for every such Offence in the Sum of five hundred Pounds, one Half thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Treasurer of the Infirmary of the County, Town, or City in which his Troop or Company shall be appointed to assemble, for the Use of such Infirmary.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Constable or Peace Officer appointed or paid in pursuance of an Act passed by the Parliament of Ireland, in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Execution of the Law and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large, shall be admissible into any such Troop or Company.

" Act may lie altered or repealed this Session." $ 13.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in

the Marines, or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencible Men, since the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to exercise Trades.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS there have been and are divers Officers, Mariners, Soldiers, and Marines who have served his Majesty in the late Wars by Sea and Land, some of whom are Men that used Trades, others that were Apprentices to Trades who have not served out their Times, and others who, by their own Industry, have made themselves apt and fit for Trades 5 many of whom, the Wars being now ended, would willingly employ themselves in those Trades which they were formerly accustomed to, or which they are apt or able to follow and make Use of for getting their Living by their own Labour, but are or may be hindered from exercising

6* those

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 69, 70.

those Trades in certain Cities, and Corporations, and other Places wklun this Kingdom, because of certain

Bye Laws and Customs of those places, and of the Statute made in the fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth prohi-

biting the Use of certain Trades by any Person who has not served as an Apprentice to such Trade for the

Space of seven Years For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all such Officers, Mariners, Soldiers, and Marines as have been at any Time employed in the Service of his Majesty since the sixteenth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and have not since deserted the said Service, and also the Wives and Children of such Officers, Mariners, Soldiers, and Marines, may set up and exercise such Trades as they are apt and able for in any Town or Place within this Kingdom, without any Let, Suit, or Molestation of any Person or Persons whatsoever, for or by reason of the tiling of such Trade; nor shall such Officers, Mariners, Soldiers, or Marines, or their Wives or Children, during the Time they shall exercise such Trades, be removeabk from such respective Place or Places, to his, her, or their last legal Place of Settlement by virtue of any Law now in being relative to the Settlement of the Poor, until such Person or Persons shall become actually chargeable to such Parish or Place; and if any such Officer or Officers, Mariner or Mariners, Soldier or Soldiers, Marine or Marines, or the Wife or any Child of any such Officer, Mariner, Soldier, or Marine shall be sued, impleaded, or indicted in any Court whatsoever within this Kingdom for using orcxercifing any such Trades as aforesaid, then the said; Officer or Officers, Mariner or Mariners, Soldier or Soldiers, Marine or Marines, or the Wife or Child of any such Officer, Mariner, Soldier, or Marine, making it appear to the same Court where they are so sued, impleaded, or indicted, that they have served his Majesty as aforesaid, or that he, she, or they is or are the Wife or Wives, Child or Children of such Officer or Officers, Mariner or Mariners, Soldier or Soldiers, Marine or Marines who shall have so served his Majesty, shall, upon the General Issue pleaded, be found not guilty in any Plaint, Bill, Information, or Indictment exhibited against them; and such Person or Persons who, notwithstanding this Act, shall prosecute the said Suit by Bill, Plaint, Information, or Indictment, and shall have a Verdict pa fled against him or them, or become nonsuit therein, or discontinue his or their said Suit, such Person or Persons shall pay unto such Officer or Officers, Mariner or Mariners, Soldier or Soldiers, Marine or Marines, or the Wife or Child of such Officer, Mariner, Soldier, or Marine respectively. Double Costs of Suit, to be recovered as any other Costs at Common Law may be recovered; and all Judges and Jurors before whom any such Suit, Information, or In-di&ment shall be brought, and all other Persons whatsoever are. to take Notice of this present Act, and shall conform themselves thereto; any Statute, Law, Ordinance, Custom, or Provision to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place where any such Officer, Mariner, Soldier, or Marine shall set up and exercise any Trade as aforesaid, to cause such Mariner, Soldier, or Marine to be summoned before them in the Town or Place where such Officer, Mariner, Soldier, or Marine shall set up and exercise such Trade as aforesaid, in order to make Oath of the Place of his last legal Settlement (which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered to administerj, and such Officer, Mariner, Soldier, or Marine are hereby directed to obey such Summons, and to make Oath accordingly; and such Justices are hereby required to give an attested Copy of such Affidavit so made before them to the Person making the same, in order that he may produce it when required; which attested Copy shall at any Time be admitted as Evidence as to such last legal Settlement before any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace: Provided always, that in case any such Officer, Mariner, Soldier, or Marine shaft again be summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then on such attested Copy of the Oath by him formerly taken being produced by him, or by any other Person on his Behalf, such Officer, Mariner, Soldier, or Marine shall not be obliged to take any other or further Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave a Copy of such attested Copy of his Examination, if required.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and every Part thereof, shall extend to all Officers and Soldiers who have personally served in the Militia, or any of the rencible Regiments, from the said sixteenth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, for the Teim of five Years, and have been honourably dif barged.

IV. Provided always, That this Act shall not in anywise be prejudicial to the Privileges of the Universities of Cambridge and Oxford\ or either of them, or extend to give Liberty to any Person to set up the Trade of a Vintner, or to fell any Wine or other Liquors within the Add Universities without Licence first had and obtained from the Vice Chancellor of the same respectively.

CAP. LXX.

An Act for directing certain publick Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament, and for difeonrinuing certain other Forms of Account now in Use.

[22d Jutie 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament of Great Britain, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and E, xcifet and grant* 4 m other Duties in lieu thereof; and for applying the said Duties together with the other Duties composing the public k

Revenue 5 for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufactureof the European Dominions of the French Kingy into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remainsng in the Exchequer, for tlse Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt, it is among ft other Things enacted, that the Commissioners of the Treasury shall cause to be prepared, and shall lay before

both Houses of Parliament, within fourteen Days aft^r the Commencement of every Session, an Account of the total Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents respectively, in the Manner in the said recited Act specified: And whereas the Accounts kept in several of the publick Offices arc often required,

42 Geo. III. 3 G 4 for

409

5 Eliz. c. 4.

Officers, Mariners, Soldiers, and Marines, employed in xhe King's Service since July 16, 1784, and their Wives and Children, may set up and exercise Trades in any Part of this Kingdom, and shall not be liable to be removed iYoin tlicnec as jx>or, until they become actually chargeable.

If sued, may plead the General I flue, ami shall be entitled to Double Celts.

On Summons before txtti Jnf-> tices, such IV.-fons shall make Oa.h as to the Place of their 1js> legal Settlement; an attested Copy whereof shall be given them* and shall be admitted as Evidence of such Settlement in future.

Extended to Militia Men, Sec. having served 5 Years.

Saving of the Privileges of tho Two Uuiverfi-ties.

27 G. j. c. IJ.

i

4io

A.D. 1802.

irquirirg of ihc Treasury to lay Lcfore Parliament annual Accounts of the Product of the Cutfoms, Excise, Stamp*, Incidents, repealed.

ThcDecl? rations of Receipts and Issues at the Exchequer made at'Easter and Michaelmas abolished;

as also the Ufnje of making engrafted Copies of he daily Records of such Re-ccipu and flues.

After Jan. «, 1803* the Ttea* fury shall annually cause Accounts of the Revenues, Expenditure, Debt, &c. of Great Britain, to be made up to Jan. 5, and laid before Parliament on or before the 25th of March yearly.

[j6 C. 3. r. 31.

jiG. 3. f-55 ]

520. of 26 G. 3. f. 31. directing that when the Su n annually

C. 70, 71. 42° GEORGII III.

1 for the Purpose of being laid before the Houses of Parliament, at other Periods of the Year: And whereas such Accounts, if required to be made up to Periods different from those which are usual in the respective

Offices, occasion great Delay and Inconvenience to the publick Service, and unless made up iuacorresponding Manner and to corresponding Periods in successive Years, do not distinctly and conveniently shew the comparative Amount and total annual Produce of the said Duties and Incidents: And whereas it is expedient that Accounts should be made up flatftig the total annual Income of Great Britain, including the aforesaid Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, and all other its ordinary Revenues and extraordinary Resources,

and that the fame, together with certain other publick Accounts, should be annually bid before Parliament May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's ntoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act as requires the Commissioners of the Treasury to lay an Account of the total Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, before both Houses of Parliament within fourteen Days after the Commenc, ement of every Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

II. 4 And whereat the publick Accounts of the Receipts and Issues of his Majesty's Exchequer of Great Bri» 4 tain now are, and fora long Time past have been, made up to certain quarterly Periods; videlicet, the fifth Day of "January, the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October, whereby the Decla*

rations of the said Receipts and Issue9 which now arc and hitherto have been made up at the Terms of Easter and Michaelmas are become entirely useless and cause much unnecessary Labour and Expence in the Offices of the Auditor and Clerk of the Pells in the said Exchequer; be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the usage of making up such Declarations be, and the same is hereby discontinued and utterly abolished.

III. 4 And whereas the making engrossed Copies of the daily Records of the Receipts and Issues of his Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer in the Office of the Clerk of the Pells is not only laborious and very expensive, but it is no longer foiind to be conducive to the publick Service be it therefore enacted, That the said Usage of making engroued Copies of the daily Records of the Receipts and Issues of the Exchequer be, and the same is hereby discontinued and utterly abolished.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the Time being shall annually cause an Account of the total Income of Great Britain (including the aforesaid Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, and all other its ordinary Revenues and extraordinary Resources), to be prepared and made out for one Year ending on the fifth Day of January in each Year, together with an Account of the Income of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain for every such Year, and also of the actual Payments thereof!? within the said Year, and of the future annual Charge upon the said Fund as the same flood on that Day, and also an Account of the net Produce of all the permanent Taxes of Great Britain within the said Year, and also an Account of the Arrears and Balances due from all publick Accountants on the said fifth Day of January in each Year, and also an Account of the Exports and Imports of Great Britain, and of the Shipping registered in orbe-longing to the several Ports of his Majesty's Dominions within the said Year, and also an Account of the publick Expenditure of Great Britain within the said Year, and also an Account of the publick funded Debt of Great Britain, and the Reduction thereof, and also an Account of the unfunded Debt and outstanding of Great Britain, as the same flood respectively on the fifth Day of January in each Year, and also an Account shewing how the Monies given for the Service of Great Britain for the Year preceding the said fifth Day of January, have been disposed of; and that the said Lords Commissioners shall, m each Year cause such Accounts to be laid before both Houses of Parliament on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March in each Year, if Parliament shall be then fitting, or if Parliament shall not then be fitting, within fourteen Days after the next Sitting of Parliament.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act to amend and render more effectual two Acts passed in the twenty-sixth and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Reduction of the National Debt.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS it has been found by Experience, that the Provisions of two Acts, passed in the twentyV? sixth and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, have been attended with the most beneficial Consequerices to the publick Credit of Great Britain 1 And whereas the publick Burthens may at this Period be greatly alleviated, and the Reduction of the National Debt at the same Time accelerated, by r consolidating the publick Debt, and the whole of the said Debt will thereby be redeemed within forty-five Years, and also consolidating the several Funds applicable under the said Acts to the Redudlien thereof: And whereas it is therefore expedient that certain Parts of the said Act6 should be repealed, and that effectual Provision should be made for carrying into Execution the Purposes aforesaid May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vejling certain Sums in Commissioners, at the End of every Quarter of a Tear, to be by them 1* plied to the Reduction of the National Debt, as enacts, that whenever the whole Sum annually receivable by the said Commissioners, including as well the quarterly Sum of

two

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 7 r.

411

thenceforth be paid off. Ice. shall no longer be issued; and so much of §2. of 32 G. 3. c. $> as direct* that whenever certain Monies shall amount to three Millions, &c. the Dividends on such Stock as shall thenceforth be paid off. Sec. should no longer be issued, shall be repaled,

two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds therein directed to be issued from the Exchequer, as the several Annul- receivable by the ties and Dividends of Stock, to be placed to the Account of the said fommissioners in the Books of the Cover- amoti*10

nor and Company of the Bank of England by virtue of the said Act, (Ball amount in the Whole to four Millions Minions,

annually, the Dividends due on such Parts of the Principal or Capital Stock as shall thenceforth be paid off by the Dividend* the said Commissioners, and the Monies payable on such Annuities for Lives or Years as may afterwards cease or on such Stock determine, shall no longer be issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, but shall be considered as redeemed by Parliament, and remain to be disposed of as Parliament shall direct; and also so much of an Act, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an A By made in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of a 2 ear, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt; y and to direB the Application of an additional Sum to the Reduction of the said Debt, in case of future Loans, as enadls, that whenever the Monies to be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners, consisting of the Dividends of Stock which shall have been redeemed or purchased by virtue of the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid, or of the said la ft recited Act (other than and except such Capital Stock as should be redeemed or purchased by the Application of such Monies as are thereinafter directed to be placed to a separate Account in consequence of new Loans), or of any other Act or Acts of Parliament, and of any Annuities, the Terms whereof may expire, and of any Sums which might be annually issued in consequence of any Savings arising from the Reduction of the Rate of any existing Annuities, shall amount in the Whole to the Sum of three Millions, exclusive of the quarterly Sums of two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds directed to be issued from the Exchequer by the said Act, or of any additional annual or quarterly Sums which might be directed to be issued from the Exchequer, and placed to the Account of the said Commissioners by any future Act or Acts of Parliament, the Dividends due on such Part of the Principal or Capital Stock as shall thenceforth be paid off or purchased by the said Commissioners, other than and except such Capital Stock as shall be paid off or purchased by the Application of Monies therein-after directed to be placed to a separate Account in consequence of any new Loans, and the Monies payable for such Annuities for Lives or Years as may afterwards cease and determine, shall no longer be issued at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, but shall be considered a % redeemed by Parliament, and shall remain to be disposed of as Parliament shall direct, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid, as enacts that whenever any of the publick Annuities in the said recited Act particularly specified and set forth, shall cease and determine by the Expiration of the Terms for which they were respectively granted, that from and after the Determination of such Annuities, the Monies then payable thereon shall be issued from Time to Time to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ and shall be placed to the Account of the said Commis-finers, shall be and the same is hereby repealed, and as to all such Annuities as shall remain at the passing of this Act, and shall not have ceased and determined by the Expiration of the Terms for which they were respectively granted before the passing of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the thirty-second Year aforesaid, as enacts that whenever the Amount of the Annuities payable in respect of any redeemable Capital Stock then ex-iiling shall be reduced, or any such Capital Stock shall be paid off by Means of any Sums of Money to be raised Annuil for that Purpose, for which a new Capital Stock should be created, bearing a lower Rate of Inttreft than the Stock so to be paid off, an additional annual Sum, equal in Amount to the annual Interest so saved, (heuld be thenceforth issued and paid by quarterly Payments out of the Consolidated Fund to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and should by them be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

IV. And whereas an additional annual Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds hath, by virtue and in purfu-

ance of divers Acts of Parliament for divers Years last pad, been issued from the Exchequer, and placed to

the Account of the said Commissioners, over and above the said quarterly Sum of two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds in the said recited Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that the same should be made a permanent Charge be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, the said Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds shall be issued from the Exchequer, and paid out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, by quarterly Payments of fifty thousand Pounds at the End of every Quarter, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of 1England, and shall by them be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners.

Part of^8. of 26 G. 3. c. 3 r. as to certain Annuitiw, repealed

Part of §2: of 31 G. 3. c. 5J. as to certain Annuities 10

V. And be it further enacted, That all Monies whatever which shall be placed from Time to Time to the Account of the said Commissioners, by virtue of either of the said recited Acts (except so far as the same are hereby repealed), or by virtue of this Act, shall and are hereby appropriated to, and mall accumulate in Manner directed by the said Acts, for the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain, and shall be from Time to Time applied by the said Commissioners, pursuant to the Directions and under and according to the Restrictions and Provision3 of the said recited Acts, either in Payment for the Redemption, or in the Purchase of the several redeemable publick Annuities of Great Britain, until the Whole of the perpetual redeemable Annuities, now charged upon the publick Funds of Great Britain, including such Charge as has arisen or may arise on any Loan made in Great Britaaiy before the passing of this Act, and also such Charge as shall arise by any Annuities, Inte-rests, and Dividends payable in consequence of any Loans made chargeable on the Consolidated Fund by an Act, passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Income; for the effectual Col led ion of Arrears of the said Duties, and accounting for the famet and for charging the Annuities specifically charged thereon, upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, shall have been completely redeemed or purchased, so as that the Whole of the several redeemable publick Annuities now charged upon the publick Funds of Great Britain, including

Prom Jan.

1803, 1 he 200, 000l. heretofore annually issued shall be a permanent Charge, and paid quarterly out of the British Consolidated Fund to the Bank for the Commissioners.

Money placed to Account of the Commissioners under recited Acts and this Act, shall accumulate. and be applied in the Redemption of publick Annuities until the whole shal 1 be paid off, within 45 Yeaii from their respt ctive. Creation.

412

The Triftj Trra-fury OwJl tfliie and pay to the Enghrti Exchequer the Sums necessary for the Pure hr. fe of Annuities created under c. 33. [§ 13.] of this Session, for two Millions; such Sums to be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners.

Separate Accounts of Money* 1 emitted to and from Ireland in consequence of Loans raised in Great Britain, and of the Application thereof, shall be tpade out and laid before Parliament.

Separate Accounts Hull also be kept of all Monies paid into the English l\> chequer in r« i'pest of Loans for I related, and of Monies issued ft>r the Reduction of the National Debt; md Computations made of Stock redeemed and Interest accruing, &c. on Behalf of lie-laud.

fiSG. 3. c. 74.

C. 71, 72. 42 GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

eluding such respective Charge as aforesaid, shall be paid off within forty-five Years from the respective Periods of the Creation of such respective Charges and publick Annuities as aforesaid.

VI. 4 And whereas the Sum of twenty-five Millions was raised by an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raifng the Sum of twenty-jive Miliums by Way of Annuities: And whereas Provision is

made by this Act for paying oft within forty-five Years the Whole of the Capital-Stock, created by such Loan,

and by reason thereof no additional Sum will be issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer of England, or placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britamy in respect of the said Capital Stock: And whereas Part of the said Sum of twenty-five Millions, not exceeding two Millions,

was raised for the Service of Ireland, and it is therefore necessary and expedient that Provision should be made for the Redemption and Purchase of so much of the Annuities created by the said Loan, as shall have arisen by the said Sum of two Millions; be it therefore enacted, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in Ireland shall and they are hereby required to cause to be issued at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer in /nr-land % and paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer in England, such Sura andf Sums of Money as shall be sufficient and necessary, according to the Provisions and Regulations of the said recited Act of the thirty-second Year aforesaid, for the Purchase and Redemption of such Proportion of the Annuities created by the said Loan, as shall have arisen for the said Sum of two Millions; and all such Sums shall be issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer in England, paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and carried to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in England, and by them applied and accounted for in like Manner as any other Sums of Money remitted from the Exchequer of Ireland are by them applied and accounted for in the Reduction of any like Debt.

VII. 4 And whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and by several Acts-passed fmee the thirty-seventh Year aforesaid, his Majesty, and the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, have been enabled and empowered to remit, and have remitted to Ireland, for his Majesty's Service in Ireland, divers Sums of Money out of Loans raised in Great Britain

And whereas Provision has been made by divers Acts passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for defraying the Interest and Charges of such Loans to the several Amounts so remitted: And whereas the Sums required for the Payment of Interest and Charges arising on the Loans so remitted, have from Time to Time been remitted from Ireland and paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer in England, and issued to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, but have not been carried to a separate Account: And whereas it is necessary that the Amount of all such Sums, and the Application thereof, (tiould be ascertained, and a separate Account taken thereof, and that a separate Account in Future be kept be it therefore enacted, That such separate Account as aforesaid of all such Sums of Money, so respectively remitted, issued, paid, and carried to Account, and of the Application thereof, and of the Annuities redeemed or purchasedthereby, shall be made out under the Direction of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury in England and Ireland respectively, the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in England, and the respective Auditors of the Receipts of his Majesty's Exchequers in England and Ireland respectively, and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament, within six Weeks after the Meeting of the next Session of Parliament.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, a separate Account shall be kept at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer in England of all Monies paid into such Receipt in respect of any Loan raised in Great Britain for the Service of Ireland, or of the Proportion of any Loan raised in Great Britain which shall have been or shall be for the Service of Ireland, and also of all other Monies paid into such Receipt for the Interest and Charges incurred or payable on any Annuities created by any such Loan or Proportion of any such Loan, and of all Sums of Money issued from the said Exchequer to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in Great Britain in relation thereto as aforesaid; and a Computation shall be formed, by and under the Direction of the said Commissioners, of all Annuities redeemed or purchased by such Sums of Money so issued as aforesaid, and that in the several Accounts required by the said recited Acts of the twenty-sixth and thirty-second Years aforesaid respectively to be made up by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England and Commissioners for the Reduction of the National I)ebt respectively, and to be laid before Parliament and the Commissioners for auditing publick Accounts, all Sums of Money paid on Behalf of Ireland on any such Loans so raised in Great Britain as aforesaid, to the said Governor and Company, and carried in their Books to the Account of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and also all Sums of Principal or Capital Stock of publick Annuities which, in pursuance of this or any other Act, shall have been purchased, redeemed, or paid off by the said Commissioners within the Year comprehended in such Accqunt, together with the Interest accruing thereon by the Application of any Monies issued from the Receipt of the Exchequer of Great Britain, and carried to such Account as aforesaid on Behalf of Ireland, shall be entered, computed, made up, and kept separate and distinct from the like Particulars relating to Great Britain.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for raifttig a Body of Miners in the Counties ^Cornwall and Devon, for the Defence of the

Kingdom during the present War 3 and for the more effectually raising and regulating a Body of Miners

for the Defence of Great Britain.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS by the Laws now in force for regulating the Militia of England, it is provided that nothing therein contained should extend to the Miners in the Counties of Devon and Comwally but that the Warden of the Stannaries, in pursuance of his Majesty's Commission in that Behalf, and such as he should commifiiynate and authorize under him, should have and use the like Powers, and array, assess, arm, muster, and exer-

eife

A.D. 1805. 42° GEORGII III. C. 72.

cife the said Miners within the said Counties; or either of them, as hath been theretofore used, and according to the ancieut Privileges and Customs of the said Stannaries, and the like Provision had been made by divers

former Acts of Parliament concerning the Militia: And whereas by reason of the Length of Time which

elapsed iince any Commission hath issued to the Warden of the Stannaries aforesaid to array, assess, arm, muster, and exercise the said Miners, great Difficulties might occur in the Execution of such Commission: And whereas an Act was made in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of hip present Majesty, intituled, An Act for raising a 4 Body of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon for the Defence of the Kingdom during the prefcnl IVar: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be repealed, and that further and more effectual Provision should be made for raising and regulating a Body of Miners, within the Counties of Cornwall and Drvony for the Defence of Great Britain be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act, pafTjd i i the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall be repealed; and that his Majesty may from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, issue his Commission to the Warden of the Stannaries of the Counties of Devon and Cornwall for the Time being, giving him Power and Authority during his Majesty's Pleasure, and such Warden is hereby, according to such Commission, authorized and required to call together, arm, array, and cause to be trained and exercised, such Miners once in every Year, in such Numbers and in such Manner as herein after is directed; and the said Warden shall constitute and appoint, from Time to Time, such Persons as he shall think fit, being qualified as herein after mentioned, to be his Deputy Warden.? for the special Purposes of this Act, the Names of such Persons having been first presented to and approved by his Majesty; and the said Warden shall also appoint such Field Officers, and other Officers as herein after directed, qualified as herein after mentioned, to train, discipline, and command the Miners so to be armed and arrayed, according to the Rules, Orders, and Di-redtions after mentioned, and shall certify to his Majesty the Names and Ranks of all such Officers so to be appointed; and if his Majesty shall, within fourteen Days after such Certificate shall have been laid before him, signify his Disapprobation of any of the Persons so to be appointed, it shall not be lawful for the said Warden to grant a Commission to any Person so disapproved, but Commissions Hull be granted by the said Warden to all such Persons so to be appointed as shall not be disapproved by his Majesty; and the Officers so appointed shall rank with the Militia Officers of this Kingdom, according to the Dates of their respective Commissions, and with all Officers of his Majesty's Regular Forces, in the same Manner as the said Militia Officers are entitled to Rank; and the Commissions so to be granted by the said Warden shall not be vacated by reason of the Revocation, Expiration, or Discontinuance of his Majesty's Commission to the said Warden: Provided always, that if any Warden of the said Stannaries to whom his Majesty shall have issued his Commission as aforesaid shall be removed from or resign his Office of Warden of the said Stannaries, and cease to be Warden of the said Stannaries, the said Commission, issued to the said Warden for the Purposes aforesaid, and all and every the Powers and Authorities vested in such Warden by virtue of such Commission, and of this Act, shall cease and determine: Provided also, that on every such Removal or Resignation his Majesty may issue his Commission to any Warden of the Stannaries, appointed to succeedonany Vacancy, to exercise the Powers hereby given to the Warden of the Stannaries for the Time being, and such Warden shall thereupon have full Power and Authority to exercise all the Powers vested in such Warden by the said Commission, and by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Warden shall constitute and appoint twelve Special Deputy Wardens, at the lead, for the Purposes of this Act, if so many Persons can be found qualified as herein after directed; that is to say, every such Person so to be appointed a Special Deputy Warden shall be qualified in the same Manner as Deputy Lieutenants are required to be qualified in the said Counties of Cornwall and Devon, by the Laws in force relating to the Militia of England (or by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament, or by any former Act or Acts); and every Person so to be appointed a Special Deputy Warden shall take and fibfenbe the Oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the Declaration required to be iaken, made, repeated, and subscribed by such Deputy Lieutenants, by virtue of any such Act, changing only what ought to be changed.

III. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, may, from Time to Time, as he and they shall think fit, signify his and their Pleasure to the Warden of the Stannaries to difpkce11 or any Deputy Wardens or Officers aforesaid, and thereupon the said Warden shall forthwith displace such Deputy Wardens or Officers, and Appoint others within the same County, with the like Qualifications, and under and subject to the like Provisiona and Restrictions* to serve in their Stead.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said Counties respectively, together with one or more Special Deputy Warden or Deputy Wardens, to do all Matters and Things in the Execution of this Act which might be done by a like Number of Special Deputy Wardens, in the same Manner as Justices of the Peace are authorized to act with Deputy Lieutenants in executing the Laws concerning the h^ilitia.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Warden shall, from Time to Time, appoint a Clerk of the General Meetings, to be holden as herein after directed, and may displace such Clerk, if he shall think fit, and appoint another in his Room; and the Special Deputy Wardens within their respective Subdivisions, or the major Part of thoCe present at any Subdivision Meeting, mall also, from Time to Time, appoint a Clerk for their Sub-divisions, and may displace such Clerk, as they or the major Part of them shall think fit, and appoint another in his Room; and inch Clerk of such General Meeting shall be paid five Guineas for every General Meeting; and such Clerks of Subdivision Meetings shall be paid one Guinea for every Subdivision Meeting; such Foes to be paid by the Receiver General of the Land Tax in the Counties of Cornwall aild Devon respectively; and such Clerks shall receive no other Fee or Reward whatsoever. '

4i

35 G. 3. c. -4.

repealed.

His Majesty -lay authorize li e Warden f the Stunnaric; to call out and exeidfe the Miners.

Warden shall appoint ills Deputies and Officers, &r. with his Majt* fly's Approbation.

Officers shall rank as Militia Officers.

How Commissions shall be affected by the Revocation or Expiration of the Warden's Commission.

Warden shall appoint iz at lead Special Deputy Wardens, qualified, £fc. as Deputy Lieutenants

Warden shall

displace Deputies or Officers according to his Majesty's Pleasure.

Juliices with one Deputy Warden may aC.

Warden shall appoint Clerk of the General Meetings, and Deputy Wardens SubdiviUoa Clerk.

The i 1 Fees

CO

Genernl Meetings shall be holden annually, of which fourteen Days Notice shall be given,

which may summon other Meetings.

First General Meeting shall appoint Subdi-vifi jii Meetings, &c.

Annual Meetings shall issue Orders to the Chief Constables, Sec. to return to the Spe-cialDeputy Wardens Lists of Miners between 18 and 45 Years.

Copies of Lifts shall be affixed on the Church Door.

Appeals.

Constables shall verify Lift.

Subdivisions may hear Appeals, Ire.

No Person above 18 shall be ft ruck off the Lift as not being-a privileged Miner, if Jett out of the Militia Lift last returned, as one.

Penalty of 20l. for omitting Names in Lifts.

Chief Captains of Mines, or Agents of Blowing Houses, shall return Lists of the Miners employed, See.

VI. And be it further enacted, That General Meetings of the said Warden and Special Deputy Wardens shall be holden at the most convenient Towns of the Counties of Cornwall and Devon respectively; and such Meetings shall consist of the Warden and two Special Deputy Wardens at the least, or on the Death, Removal, or Absence of the Warden, of three Special Deputy Wardens at the least; and one such General Meeting shall be holden within each of the said Counties, annually, upon the last Tuesday which shall happen before the tenth Day of October in every Year; and the said Warden and two Deputy Wardens (or on the Death, Removal, or Absence of the Warden), any three Deputy Wardens, when they shall find it necessary for carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution, may summon, or cause to be summoned, other General Meetings, on any Days to be fixed by such Summons; and Notice of such Meetings shall be given fourteen Days at the least before the Day of any such Meeting, in some Newspaper or Newspapers, usually circulated in the said Counties of Cornwall and Devon respectively; and such General Meeting shall and may summon other Meetings, and be adjourned in the same Manner as General Meetings of Lieutenancy may be summoned and adjourned by virtue of the Laws then in force, concerning the Militia Forces in England*

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Warden and Special Deputy Wardens, or such of then as shall be present at the first General Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, in each of the said Counties of Cornwall and Devon9 shall appoint the several Subdivision Meetings, which shall be held within the four Stannaries of Blaehmorc, Foymore, Tywarnhaite, Pen with, and Kerrier respectively, for the County of Cornwall, and within the Four Stannaries of Chagford9 Ashburton, Plympton, and cTaviJlock9 for the County of Devon; which Subdivision Meetings shall consist of two Special Deputy Wardens, or one Special Deputy Warden and one Justice of the Peace for the County within which such Subdivision Meetings shall be holden; and such Subdivision Meetings shall have the like Powers and Authorities, for the Purposes of this Act, as the Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy have for the Purposes of the several General Acts concerning the Militia Forces of England.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Warden and Special Deputy Wardens respectively present at every annual Meeting in each of the said Counties, shall issue their Orders to the Chief Constables, and where there is no Chief Constable, to some other Officer of the Hundred or other Division within the said Counties respectively where Miners do dwell, requiring every such Chief Constable, or other Officer, to issue an Order under nis Hand to all Constables, Tythingmen, and other Officers of every Parish, Tything, or Place within the said Hundreds or other Divisions respectively where Miners do dwell, to return to the Special Deputy Wardens within their respective Subdivisions, at the Places and at the Times to be appointed for that Purpose, full and true Lifts in Writing of all and every the Miners dwelling within their respective Parishes and Places, between the Ages of eighteen and forty-five Years, distinguishing their respective Occupations as Miners, and where the true Names and Descriptions of such Miners cannot be procured, their common Appellations shall be sufficient, and distinguishing which of such Persons so returned labour under any Infirmity likely to incapacitate them from serving in pursuance of this Act, or claim to be exempt from serving in the Militia, together with the Ground of such Claim of Exemption, under any Act or Acts which may be in force relating to the Militia of England; and having first affixed a true Copy of the Lift intended to be so returned, on the Door of the Church or Chapel belonging to every such Parish or Place, or if any such Parish or Place shall have no Church or Chapel belonging thereto, then on the Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parish or Place adjoining, on some Sunday Mormiig before such Return shall be made, which shall be three Days at the least before the Meeting appointed for receiving such R.etum; and having also written at the Bottom of such Copy, so affixed on the Door of such Church or Chapel, Notice of the Day and Place of such Meeting, and that all Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved may then appeal, and that no Appeal will afterwards be received; and at the Days and Places so to be appointed for the Returns of such Lifts, the Constables, Tythingmen, and other Officers respectively shall attend, and verify the same upon Oath f and the said Special Deputy Wardens, or any two or more of them, or any Special Deputy Warden and one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace assembled in their respective Subdivisions, shall proceed to hear Appeals, and amend such Lifts, and cause Duplicates of such amended Lifts to be made, and otherwise to act therein in the same Manner as Deputy Lieutenants and Justices are authorized to proceed in the like Cases, and with the like Regard to Exemptions claimed as in respect to the Returns of Men to be ballotted for the Militia in England.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be (truck off the said Lifts upon Appeal on Pretence that such Person is not a privileged Miner, if such Person, being above the Age of eighteen Years, was left out of the Lift last returned under the Laws concerning the Militia Forces of England for the Parish or Place where he resided as a privileged Miner, and unless such Person shall, upon Oath, or Affirmation (if a Quaker), declare that he' was not left out of such Lift by reason of his being a privileged Miner, but by Mif-taEe or Neglect, or for some other Cause,

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Constable, Tythingman, or other Officer, shall wilfully omit or neglect to insert in any such Lift, the Name of any Person which ought to be inserted therein, every such Constable, Tythingman, or other Officer, shall forfeit and lese, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in order to enable the said Special Deputy Wardens to correct and amend the said Lifts, and discover whether all the Names have been inserted which ought to have been inserted therein, the said Special Deputy Wardens shall, if they shall think fit, issue their Precept to the Chief Captain of any Mine, or to the Agent of any Blowing House or Smelting House within any Subdivision, requiring such Chief Captain or Agent to return, to such Special Deputy Wardens, at any Subdivision Meeting as they shall see fit, a true Lift of all the working Miners employed in or about the Business of such Mine, Blowing House or Smelting House, and describing their Occupations as Miners, and where they respectively dwell j and if any

2 fuctx

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 72.

such Captain or Agent shall wilfully omit or neglect to insert in such Lift the Name of any Person which ought to be inserted therein, such Captain or Agent shall forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That after such Return shall have been made, and such Lifts amended and made compleat as aforesaid, the said Special Deputy Wardens, within their respective Subdivisions, shall, at Subdivision Meetings to be holden for that Purpose, appoint what Number of Men shall serve for each Sub-division, and shall direct what Number of Men, so to be appointed to serve for such Subdivision, shall serve for each Parish and Place within such Subdivision, in proportion to the Numbers appointed to serve for such Subdivision, and shall appoint another Meeting to be holden within the same Subdivision as soon as conveniently may be, and within three Weeks from the Day of the prior Meeting, and fii^ll issue an Order to the Chief Constables, or other Officers of the respective Hundreds and Places within such Subdivision, requiring them to give Notice to the Constable, Tythingman, or other Officer of every Parish or Place within their respective Hundreds and Places, of the Time and Place of the next Subdivision Meeting; and the said Special Deputy Wardens, or any two of them, at such Subdivision Meeting, shall cause the-Number of Men appointed to serve as aforesaid to be chosen by Baliot out of the Duplicate of the Lift returned for every Parish and Place, and amended as afbtefjadj in the same Manner as men are or shall be chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia in England; and shall appoint another Meeting to be holden in the same Subdivision as soon as conveniently may be, and within three Weeks after such prior Meeting, and shall issue an Order to the Chief Constables, or other Officers of the several Hundreds or Places within such Subdivision, to direct the Constable, or other Officer of every Pk-rish or Place, to give Notice to each Mau to cliolen to serve as aforesaid to appear at such Meeting £b to be appointed, which Notice shall be given to him, or left at his Place of Abode, at least ftven Days before such Meeting; and such Constable or other Officer shall attend such Meeting, and make a Return on Oath of the Service of such Notice, and every Petfion so chosen by Ballot shall upon such Notice appear at such Meeting, and there take the Following Oath; (that is to say, )

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear. That I will be faithful, and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty King 4* George; and I do swear, that I will faithfully serve in the Regiment of Miners of the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, within Great Britain, for the Defence of the same, during the Time of five Years, for which I am enrolled, unless I shall be sooner discharged.'

And every such Person shall be enrolled (in a Roll to be then and there prepared for that Purpose) to serve in the said Regiment for the Space of five Years.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person so chosen by Ballot may produce a Substitute, who shall be examined, approved, enrolled, and sworn in the same Manner, under the like Regulations, for the same Term, and with the like Limitation of Service as Substitutes may be (worn and enrolled under any Acts which now are or may be in force for regulating the Militia in England,

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if, through any Neglect or Mistake, or from any other Cause, the full Number of Men appointed for any Subdivision should not be duly enrolled at the Meeting appointed for that Purpose, then the said Special Deputy Wardens, or any two or more of them, at fyeir said Meeting or at some subsequent Meeting, are hereby required immediately to proceed to a frefti Ballot, and to adjourn their Meeting, and appoint other Meetings and amend the Lifts, and repeat the amending of Lifts as may be necessary and expedient for carrying the Purposes of this Act duly and fully into Execution, in the same Manner as Deputy Lieutenants may do for the like Purposes by the Laws in force concerning the Militia.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any one Special Deputy Warden or Justice of the Peace to administer the Oath herein-before required to betaken, either to any Person ballotted, or to any Person who shall offer to serve as a Substitute, and such Special Deputy Warden or Just ice of the Peace is hereby authorized to direct and require the Clerk of the Subdivision, for which every such Person is to serve, to enroll on the Roll of such Subdivision the Name of such Person, together with the Day on which the said Oath was so administeredto such Person.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person chosen by Ballot as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to appear and take the Oath aforesaid, and serve in the said Regiment, or provide a Substitute who shall be examined, approved, sworn, and enrolled according to the Provisions herein contained 5 every such Person so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifteen Pounds, and be liable, at the Expiration of five Years, to serve in the said Regiment or provide a Substitute; and in Default of Payment of such Penalty as aforesaid, or for Want of sufficient Effects whereon to levy the same, the Name of such Person shall be entered on the Roll, and such Person shall be delivered over to the proper Officer of the Regiment, and shall be compelled to serve in the said Regiment for such Term, to be computed from the Time of his being apprehended, as any other Person then ballotted for would be liable to serve, and shall be subject to the same Punishment for afterwards absconding or deserting as he would have been subject to in case he had appeared and been duly sworn and enrolled: Provided always, That if any Person, so ballotted to serve in the said Regiment, shall be one of the People called Quakers, the lame Proceedings shall be had with respect to such Person as may be had with respect to a Quaker ballotted to serve in the Militia in England % and all and every \he Provisions with respect to the People called Quakers in the several Acts concerning the Militia Forces of England shall be carried into Execution in the levying of Men to be raised by virtue of this Act, in the same Manner and as fully and amply as if the same had been repeated and enacted in the Body of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any two or more Deputy Wardens or Justices of the Peace shall, at any of their Subdivision Meetings, receive Information, or shall suspect that any Person, whose Name shall be

- inserted in any List to be returned in pursuance of this Act, shall wilfully quit or leave his Place or Residence for the Puroofe of avoiding the Service required by this Act, it shall be lawful for them to make Inquiry thereof, and to summon such Persons as they shall think necessary to ry'pear before them, at such Time and Place as they

shall

415

on Ten ally of 50l.

After Lifts are completed. Deputy Wardens shall appoint the Numl/cr of Men to serve for each Subdivision, Sec. and appoint another Meeting within 3 Weeks, for chusing the Men by Baliot See.

andanotherwith-in 3 Weeks after, when the Men choCrn shall appear and take the following

Oath;

and be enrolled.

Person s ballotted may provide Substitutes.

Where the full Number of Men shall not be enrolled, a frefti Ballot shall be taken.

One Deputy Warden or Justice may administer Oaths, and enroll Men.

Person t chosen

by Ballot not appearing or providing -.1 i-tutes, (halt forfeit 15l. and be liable to serve again in course } if Penalty be not paid, shall be compellable to serve.

Quaken shall be proceeded with as in the Militia.

SubcUv'.fioo Mmings may Oider Pei forts kj serve who have fraudulently changed their R.e salt ace.

416 C. 72. 420 GEORGII IIJ. A.D. 1802.

Penalty of 10l. for n.fusing to

fervi*.

Lists of two I'lares may be added together.

If Lifts be loft, two Deputy Waidens may make new Lifts.

Lftabljshment of tl*o Regiment.

The Warden may be the*Lieutenant Colonel.

Warden shall call out the Regiment yearly for 21 Days, to be trained and exercised under the like Regulations as Militia.

Officers shall I*

qualified as in the Militia.

His Majesty may appoint an Adjutant.

The Warden shal) appoint a Surgeon,

and the Lieutenant Colonel Commandant a Regimental Clerk.

shall appoint, and to examine such Persons upon Oath (which"Oath anyone of them is hereby authorized to administer); and in case it shall appear that such Change of Residence was fraudulent, in order to avoid serving in' the said Miners Regiment, it shall be lawful for such Deputy Warden#, or Justices of the Peace, or any two of them, to appoint such Person so fraudulently changing his Residence^to serve as a Private Man in the said Regiment, for the Parish, Tithing, or Place for which Inch Lilt shall have been returned, if there Hiatt be a Vacancy; and if there shall be no Vacancy at that Time, then upon the first Vacancy that shall happen; and if any such Person shall neglect or refuse to serve in the said Regiment pursuant to such Order, he ihatt, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

XVIII. And be it furthe renamed, That it shall be lawful for the said Special Deputy Wardens, or any two or more of them, within their respective Subdivisions, to add together the Lilts of two or more Parishes or Places within such Subdivision, and proceed upon such Lilts, added together, in the same Manner as if such Lifts had been originally returned for one Parish or Place, so as to make the Choice of Men by Ballot within every Parish and Place in each Subdivision, as equal as possible.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if the Lift of any Parish or Place shall be lost or destroyed, it shall be lawful for the said Special Deputy Wardens, or any two or more of them, to cause a new Lift of such Parish or Place to be made and returned to them at their next or any subsequent Subdivision Meeting, and to enforce the Return thereof, and to proceed thereupon in the same Manner as they might hare done upon the Lift £0 lost or destroyed, if the same had not been lost or destroyed. - 1

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Number of Private Men to be Taised, in the first Instance by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Proportion of one in fourteen of all such Miners ifrithin the said Counties of Devori and Cornwall, as are liable to serve under the Provisions of this Ati; and that from and aftdr the twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and five, the Number of Private Men as afbncfeid fbatt be raised in Proportion to the Number of Private Men to be then furnished by the Couifty ctf Corntoafl for the Militia of the same County under any Act or Acts which may be then in force ctmcerrmig the Militia Forces of England; and the said Private Men to be raised by virtue of this Act shall form a Regiment of four Companies, to each of which there shall be one Captain, one Lieutenant, and one Eufign, and the Field Officers of the said Regiment shall be one Lieutenant Colonel Commandant and one Major: Provided always, that no Field Officer of the said Regiment shall be Captain of a Company: Provided always, that the said Lieutenant Colonel Commandant may be appointed, with the Approbation of his Majesty, to serve with the Rank of Colonel, in case he shall haveferved as an Officer for five Years in his Majesty's Regular Forces, or in the embodied Militia: Provided always, that in case of any Augmentation being made to the said Regiment as herein after mentioned, no new Companies shall be added thereto, unless the Number of Private Men shall be then sufficient to form more than four Companies of sixty Private Men at the lead.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Warden, if he shall think fit, with the Approbation of his Majesty, to be the Lieutenant Colonel Commandant of the said Regiment, instead of appointing another Person to be Lieutenant Colonel Commandant thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Warden, and he is hereby required, once in every Year, to caU out the said Regiment, or any Part or Proportion thereof, not being left thaa Two Companies, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised together for the Space of twenty-one Days, at such Time or Times, and Place or Places, as he shall appoint, with the Approbation of his Majesty; and in case the Whole of such Regiment shall not be called out in order to be trained and exercised at the same Time, the respective Parts thereof shall be trained and exercised successively, until the whole of the Men fervine ia such Regiment shall have been trained and exercised for the Space of twenty-one Days in every Year; and all the Rules, Regulations, Powers, Directions, and Provisions contained in any Act relating to the Militia of Euglatid, not repugnant to the Provisions of this Act, shall extend and be construed to extend to the said Regiment, or any Part thereof, when so called out as aforesaid, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Rules, Regulations, Powers, Directions, and Provisions were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant Colonel Commandant, and other Officers of the said Regiment, shall be Persons having the like Qualifications as are or shall be by Law required for Officers of the same Rank, serving in the Militia for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty may and shall appoint one proper Person, who shall have served, or shall, at the Time of such Appointment, actually serve in some of his Majesty's other Forces, or in any Body of Militia that has been drawn out and embodied for the Space of five Years, to be the Adjutant of the said Regiment of Miners; and such Adjutant shall and may have the like Privileges, Benefits, and Advantages, and no other, as any Adjutant appointed to any Body 01 Militia is entitled to by the Laws in force con-ceming the Militia.

XXV. And be it enacted, That the said Warden shall and may, with the Approbation of liis Majesty, appoint one fit and proper Person who shall have passed his Examination at Surgeons Hall, and received nis Certificate accordingly, to be Surgeon of the said Regiment; and such Surgeon shall be entitled to the same Pay and Emoluments, and be fu^eCl to the same Rules and Regulations as Surgeons serving in the Militia.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant Colonel Commandant of the said Regiment shall appoint a Regimental Clerk, who shall execute the Office of Paymaster, in the same Manner, and with the like Benefits as Persons appointed to the like Offices by the Colonels or Commanding Officers of Regiments or Battalions of Militia.

&C*

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers shall be impointed to the said pointed in like in the same Manner, and in the feme Proportion as Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, are appointed

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 72.

to Militia Regiments in Englandj and such Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, shall take the same Oath to serve faithfully in the said Regiment of Miners, as Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers of Militia are required to take to serve in the Militia, changing only what ought to be changed.

XXVIII. And whereas it may be expedient, in case his Majesty should order any Increase to be made to the*Militia Forces of England, that a proportionate Augmentation should be made to the said Regiment be it therefore enacted, That whenever his Majesty shall, by his Royal Proclamation, and by virtue of any Act or Acts which may be in force concerning the Militia of England, order and direct, that the Number of Men serving for the several Counties, Ridings, and Places in England, shall be increased, the said Warden and Deputy Wardens shall immediately, on the issuing of any such Proclamation, assemble and forthwith proceed to apportion the Number of Men necessary to be raised for augmenting the said Regiment, in the same Proportion as may be xlirested by the said Proclamation for augmenting the Militia of the County of Cornwall, among the Hundreds or other Divisions of the said Counties where Miners dwell, and shall afterwards proceed to raise and enrol such Men at such Time or Times as shall be specified in such Proclamation; and all the Powers, Provisions, Regulations, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Bounties, Allowances, Clauses, Matters, and Things in this Act contained,

shall be applied, practised, and put in Execution, for raising, training, exercising, embodying, and calling out into actual Service, the Supplementary Miners by this Clause directed to be raised and enrolled, in as full and ample a Manner in every Respect, as far as the same are applicable, as if the said Number of them so added to the said Regimertt had been included in the Number of Men required and directed to be raised by virtue of this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions contained in any Act made or to be made concerning the Militia Forces of England, for holding the several General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy of the several Counties and Places therein mentioned, and appointing new or other Meetings, and for procuring and compelling Returns and Proceedings thereon, and for balloting Men to serve in the said Militia, and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, Bounties, Allowances, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in any such Act, relative to the raising, training, embodying, and calling out the said Militia, or providing for the Families of Militia Men called out, or respecting the paying, clothing, or subsisting the Militia, or touching the billeting the said Militia, or in any Manner relating to or concerning such Militia, or any Officers or Men serving therein, shall be applied, practised, and put in Execution with respect to the Regiment hereby directed to be raised, and the Officers or Men serving therein, in as full and ample Manner as if all and every such Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Bounties and Allowances, Clauses, Matters, an$ Things had been again repeated and enacted in this Act, so far as the same respectively are applicable to the Provisions of this Act, and are not repugnant to or altered thereby.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That neither the Whole, nor any Part of the said Regiment, shall, on any Account, be carried or ordered to go out of Great Britain.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions of an Act, passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the rendering fAlices of the Pca: e more safe in the Execution of their Office; and for indemnifying Constables and others acting in Obedience to their Warrants, shall extend to the said Warden and Deputy Wardens while acting in the Execution of this Act, in like Manner and as fully and effectually as the same extend to Justices of the Peace, acting in the Execution of their Office.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Acceptance of a Commission in the said Regiment shall not vacate the Seat>f any Member returned to serve in Parliament; and that no Person, being an Officer of the said Regiment, shall be compelled to serve the Office of Sheriff.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, which shall exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Infoimation, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in any of the Stannary Courts in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and that all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, which shall not exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall, on Proof upon Oath of the Offence before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place where the Offence shall he committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale to the*Person whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold; and for Want of sufficient Distress, such Justice is hereby required, in all Cases where no particular Time of Commitment is herein-before directed, to commit such Offender to the common Gaol of the County, Riding, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, for any Time not exceeding three Months; and the Money arising by all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not otherwise particularly directed by this Act, shall be paid to the Clerk of the said Regiment, and shall be made Part of the publick Stock of such Regiment.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Order of Conviction made by the said Warden or two Special Deputy Wardens, or by one Special Deputy Warden, together with any one Justice of the Peace, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of this Act, shall be removed by Certiorari out of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, or Place wherein such Order or Conviction shall have been made, into any Court whatsoever; and that no Writ of Certiorari shall supersede Execution or other Proceedings upon any such Order or Conviction so made in pursuance of this Act, but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had and made thereupon; any such Writ or Writs, or Allowance thereof, notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within iix Months next

42 Geo. III.^H after

417

Proportion as in Militia.

When his Majesty shall augment the Militia, the Warden shall augment in a like Proportion the Regiment of Miners.

The Provisions of any Act, concerning the Militia Forces of England, shall extend to this Act, so far as ap^ licable.

Fcg; ment shall not go out of Great Britain, Provisions of 24 G. 2. c. 44. extended to the Warden and his Deputies.

Commissions shall not vacate Seats in Parliament, &c. Penalties how to be recovered, exceeding 20).

not exceeding 2Cl.

No Conviction (h..l! l e renv.vtd by Ccttk>! a»i, &c.

Limitation of Actions.

A.D. 1802.

418

Venue.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

From Dec. 2, 1802, Mills and Factories employing a certain Number of Persons subje&eri to the Regulations of this Act. White-washing and airing Rooms*

Clothing of Apprentices*

Timeoferorfcing not V) exceed 12 Hours.

Night Work.

Exceptions as to Night Work for certain Periods.

Apprentices shall be inthufted in Reading, Writing, and Ariihmetick, Sec.

Apartments and Beds of Male and Female Apprentices. Instruction and Conduct of Apprentices u Sundays.

C. 72, 73. 42° GEORGII III.

after the Fast committed* and not afterwards* and shall be laid in the County, Riding, or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuit, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given againi! the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the (am* as any Defendant hath in other Cafe« to'-pccover Costs by Law*

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for the Preferration of the Health and Morals of Apprentices and others, employed in Cotton and other Mills, and Cotton and other Factories. [and June 1802.]

WHEREAS it hath of late become a Practice in Cotton and Woollen Mills, and in Cotton and Woollen Factories, to employ a great Number of Male and Female Apprentices, apd other Persons, in the fame Building; in consequence of which certain Regulations are become necessary to preserve the Health and f Morals of such Apprentices and other Persons be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Aavice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the second Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, all such Mills and Factories within Great Britain and Ireland, wherein three or more Apprentices, or twenty or more other Persons, shall at any Time be employed, shall be subject to the several Rules and Regulations contained in this Act; and the Matter or Mistress of every such Mill or Factory is hereby strictly enjoined and required to pay due Attention to and aft in ttrift Conformity to the said Rules and Regulations.

II. And be it enacted, That all and every the Rooms and Apartments In or belonging to any such Mill or Factory shall, twice at lead in every Year, be well and sufficiently washed with Quick Lime and Water over every Part of the Walls and Ceiling thereof; and that due Care and Attention shall be paid by the Matter or Mistress of such Mills or Factories, to provide a sufficient Number of Windows and Openings in such Rooms or Apartments, to insure a proper Supply of fresh Air in and through the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That every such Matter or Mistress shall constantly supply every Apprentice, during the Term of his or her Apprenticeship, with two whole and complete Suits of Cloathing, with suitabli Linen, Stockings, Hats, and Shoes$ one new complete Suit being delivered to such Apprentice once at leatt in every Year.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Apprentice that now is or hereafter shall be bound to .any such Matter or Mistress, shall be employed or compelled to work for more than twelve Hours in any one Day, (reckoning from fix of the Clock in the Morning to nine of the Clock at Night), exclusive of the Time that may be occupied by such Apprentice in eating the necessary Meals: Provided always, that, from and after the first Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, no Apprentice shall be employed or compelled to work upon any Occasion whatever, between the Hours of nine of the Clock at Night and fix of the Clock in the Morning.

V. And be it further enacted, That in any Mill or Factory, wherein not less than one thousand nor more than fifteen hundred Spindles arc constantly used in the carrying on of the Manufacture, it shall and may be lawful for the Owner or Owners of such Mill to employ his Apprentices in the Night until the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and three; and in any Mill or Factory wherein more than fifteen hundred Spindles shall be employed, it shall and may be lawful for the Owner of such Mill to employ his Apprentices in the Night until the twenty*fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and four; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every such Apprentice shall be instructed, in some Part of every working Day, for the first four Years at leatt of his or her Apprenticeship, which shall next ensue from and after the second Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, if he or she is an Apprentice on the said second Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, and for the first four Years at leatt of his or her Ap-prenticcftiip, if his or her Apprenticeship commences at any Time after the said second Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, in the usual Hours of Work, in Reading, Writing, and Arithmetick, or either of them, according to the Age and Abilities of such Apprentice, by some discreet and proper Person, to be provided and paid by the Matter or Mistress of such Apprentice, in (ome Room or Place in such. Mill or Factory to be set apart for that Purpose; and that the Time hereby directed to be allotted for such instruction. as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken on all Occasions as Part of the respective Periods limited by this Act during which any such Apprentice shall be employed or compelled to work.

Vu. And be it further enacted, That the Room or Apartment in which any Male Apprentice shall deep* shall be entirely separate and distinct from the Room or Apartment in which any Female Apprentice shall deep; and that not more than two Apprentices shall in any Case deep in the same Bed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Apprentice, or (in case the Apprentices shall attend in Classes), every such Class shall, for the Space of one Hour at leatt every Sunday, be instructed and examined in the Principles of the Christian Religion, by some proper Person to be provided and paid by the Matter or Mistress of such Apprentice; and in England and Wales, in case the Parents of such Apprentice shall be Members of the Church of England, then such Apprentice shall be taken, once at leatt in every Year during the Term of his or her Apprenticeship, to be examined by the Rector, Vicar, or Curate of the Parishin which such Mill or Factory shall be situate; and shall also after such Apprentice shall have attained the Age of fourteen Years, and before

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. c. 73.

4*9

attaining the Age of eighteen Years, be duly in drafted and prepared for Confirmation, and be brought or sent to the Bishop of the Diocese to be confirmed, in case any Confirmation shall, during such Period, take Place id or for the said Parish; and in Scotland where the Parents of such Apprentice shall be Members of the established Church, such Apprentice shall be taken, once at least in every Year, during the Term of his or her Appnen-ticeship, to be examined by the Minister of the Parish; and shall after such Apprentice shall have attained the the Age of fourteen Years, and before attaining the Age of eighteen Years, be carried to the Parish Church to receive the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, as the lame is administered in Churches in Scotland; and such Mailer or Mistress shall fend all his or her Apprentices under the Care of some proper Person, once in a Month at least, to attend during Divine Service in the Church of the Parish or Place in which the Mill or Faflory shall be fkuated, or in some other convenient Church or Chapel where Service shall be performed according to the Rite* of the Church of England, or according to the established Religion in Scotland, as the Case may be, or io some licensed Place of Divine Worship; and in case the Apprentices of any such Mailer or Mistress cannot conveniently attend such Church or Chapel every Sunday, the Master or Mistress, either by themselves or some proper Person, shall cause Divine Service to be performed in forte convenient Room or Place in or adjoining to the Mill or Factory, once at lead every Sunday that such Apprentices shall not be able to attend Divine Service at such Church or Chapel; and such Master or Mistress is hereby strictly enjoined and required to take due Care that all his or her Apprentices regularly attend Divine Service, according to the Directions of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace for every County, Stewartry, Riding, Justices it their Div^on, or Place, in which any such Mill or Factory shall be situated, shall, at the Midsummer Sessions of the M'jTummer Peace to be holden immediately after the paftirj^ of this Act for such County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, or Place, and afterwards yearly at their annual Midsummer Scfliuns of the Peace, appoint two Persons, not in- yifiiors of terested in, or in any Way connected with any such Mills or Factories, to be Visitors of such Mills or Fadlorics such MilU or in such County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, or Place; one of whom shall be a Justice of Peace for such Factories, who*County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, or Place, and the other shall be a Clergyman of the established Church ^e^on

of England or Scotland, afs the Case maybe; and in case it shall be found inconvenient to appoint one such difjon the; eof"* Justice and one such Clergyman as aforesaid, it shall be lawful to and for such Justices, and they are hereby re- to the Quarter quired to appoint two such Justices or two such Clergymen; and the said Visitors, or either of them, shall nave Stflioni, &c, full Power and Authority from Time to Time throughout the Year, to enter into and inspect any such Mill of Fadlory, at any Time of the Day, or during the Hours of Employment, as they shall think fit; and such Visitors shall report from Time to Time in Writing, to the Quarter Session9 of the Peace, the State ami Condition of such Mills and Factories, and of the Apprentices therein, and whether the same are or are not conduced and regulated according to the Directions of this Act, and the Laws of the Realm; and such Report shall be entered by the Clerk of the Peace among the Records of the StfTion in a Book kept for that Purpose:

Provided always, thatiin case there shall be fix or more such Mills or Factorirs within any one such County, Visitorc way be Riding, Diviuon, or Place, then it shall be lawful for such Justices to divide such County, Riding, Division, or , or

Place, into two or more Districts or Parts, and to appoint two such Visitors as afoicfaia for esum of such Dif- 1 n' tridts or Parts.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Visitors or either of them shall find that any infeCioua Disorder appears to prevail in any Mill or Factory as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for them or either of them to require the Master or Mistress of any such Mill or Fadlory to call in forthwith some Physician, or other competent medical Person, for the Purpose f ascertaining the Nature and probable Effects of such Disorder, and luCaIlin n)erij for applying such Remedies and recomm g such Regulations as the said Physician, or other competent me- dal ArtifUnce, dical Person, shall think most proper for preventing the fprtading of the Infcdlion and for reftoiing the Health fee. of the Sick; and that such Physician, o other competent medical Person, shall report to such Visitors, or either of them, as often as they shall be required so to do, their Opinion in Writing of the Mature, Progress, and present State of the Disorder, together with its probable Effects; and that any Expences incurred in cou-frquence of the Provisions aforesaid for medical Assistance, shall be discharged by the Master or Mistress of such Mill or Fadlory.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall oppose or molest any of the said Visitors Penalty for oh.

in the Execution of the Powers intruded to them by this Act, every such Person or Persons shall for every such ft^ftrogVifituri Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds nor less than five Pounds. 10.10 5

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Master or Mistress of every such Mill or Fadlory shall cause printed Two Copies of or written Copies of this Act to be hung up and affixed in two or more conspicuous Places in such Mill or'Fac-

fury, and shall cause the same to be conilantly kept and renewed, so that they may at all Times be legible and mjiu or Vac-accessible to all Persons employed therein. tot*.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Master or Mistress of any such Mill or Fadlory who shall wil- Penalty on Mai-fuMy aft contrary to or offend against any of the Provisions of this Act, mall for such Offence, (except where ters offending otherwise directed), forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds nor less than forty Shillings, at the Dif- against this Act c ret ion of the Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted as after mentioned; one Half whereof shall 51-40S-

be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Overseers of the Poor in England and Ireland, and to* the Minister and Elders in Scotland, of the Parish or Place where such Offence shall be committed, to be by them appbed in Aid of the Poor Rate in England and Ireland, and for the Benefit of the Poor in Scotland, of such Parish or Place: Provided always, that all Informations for Offences against this Act, shall be laid within one Limit ation Calendar Month after the Offence committed, and not afterwards. onr Mon, h*

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every such Master or Mistress shall, at the Epiphany Sessions in every Mills or Fastotiei

Year, make, or cause to be made, an Entry io a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk of the Peace to tbn

of the County, Riding, or Division in which any Mifl or Fadlory shall be situate, of every such Mill or Fadlory

occupied by him or her wherein three or more Apprentices or twenty or more other Persons, shall be em- ^; rlh ^"ckig

3 H 2 ployed; 0i ibc Peace,

In case of infer.' tinin Disorders, Vif: -.s may require the M.ister call in medi*

420

Penalties and Forfeitures recoverable before two justices, .\c.

Ko Certiorari-

Form of Convict too.

ax C. 3. c. 83.

§ 2Q.

How Guardians of the Poor having eroded Workhouses under recited Act, may pay off the Money borrowed.

Money shall remain in Over-seers Hands till it amounts to 50l.

C. 73, 74, 75. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

ployed; and the said Clerk of the Peace shall receive for every such Entry the Sum of two Shillings and no more.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Offences for which any Penalty is imposed under this Act, shall and may be heard before any two or more Justices of the Peace, acting in or for the Place where the Offence shall be committed; and all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, and act Costs and Charges attending the Conviction of any such Offender or Offenders, shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Party or Parties offending; and which Warrant such Justices are hereby empowered and required to grant, upon Conviction of the Offender, either by Confession, or upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered to administer); and in case such Distress cannot be found, and such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Cods shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby empowered and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, for any Time not exceeding two Calendar Months, unless the said Penalty, Forfeiture, and Costs, shall respectively be sooner paid and satisfied r Provided always, that no Warrant of Distress shall be issued for levying any such Penalty, Forfeiture, or Cods* until six Days after the Offender shall have been convicted, and an Order made upon him or her for Payment thereof; and no such Conviction shall be removeable by Certiorari or Bill of Advocation into any Court whatsoever.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every such Conviction before such Justices may be made in the following Form; (to wit, )

County of) D£ it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year

to wit. f A.B. was, upon the Complaint of C. D., convicted before

4 of the Justices 01 the Peace for the said County of [or, for of or in the said

County of at the Case shall happen to 3c], in pursuance of an Act, passed in the forty-second

Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for [or, as the Case may Zr]. Given under ouf

Hands and Seals the Day and Year above written/

Which Conviction shall be certified to the next General Quarter Sessions, there to be filed amongst the Records of the County, Riding, or Division.

Publick Adi/' §17.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act to amefid an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for _ the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, so far as relates to the Payment of the Debts incurred for building any Poor Hodfe.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for the better Relief ami Employment of the Poor, it was, among other Things, enacted, that in case any Money should be borrowed, under the Powers of the said Act, for the building any Poor House oc

Workhouse, or purchasing any Land necessary to be used for that Puiyofe, the Assessments for the Relief of the Poor should continue at the same Rate they were when such Poor House or Workhouse was fn ft establish-

ed, until the Debts so contracted, and the Interest thereof, should be fully discharged: And whereas the said

Provision has been found highly burthensome and oppressive to such Parishes as have adopted the Provisions of the said Act, from the Necessity there has -been, on account of the late high Trice of Provisions, to impose

heavy Rates for the Relief of the Poor during the last two Years be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Guardians of the Poor of any Parish, who have' erected-any Poor House or Workhouse under the Powers of the said recited Act shall, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, with the Consent of the several Persons to whom the same shall be due and payable, yearly and every Year to pay off and discharge any Part of the Mony, borrowed tinder the Powers of the said recited Act, not being le(s than one twentieth Part thereof, besidee the Intyrtfb which may be payable on the Sum remaining undischarged; and in case such Sum so to be paid off (Hall.not in any one Year be sufficient to discharge any one of the, Notes, for fifty Pounds, issued purfuaiit to the Direction of the said Act for securing the Money borrowed under the Authority thereof, the same (halt from Time to Time, remain in the Hands of the Overseers of the Poor of such Parish, until it amounts to a sufficient Sum to pay off and discharge any of the said Nptes; any Thing contained in the said recited Act to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manuf&dfture vci^nekind.

- [22d June 186-2.3

WHEREAS the several Provisions heretofore made for preventing the Importation and Sale of Flax

YV Seed and Hemp Seed unfit for lowing, and for securing t!n Growers of I lax Seed and Hemp Seed from being imposed on by bad, mixed, or damnified FLn Seed or 1 \ n.p Seed in hvlcnj, have proved infuffluent / May it therefore please your Majesty that-it be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's moffc Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Sp' .tunl and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Clause, Provision, and

Direction*

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 75.

Direction, contained in an Act, made in Ireland in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, an Act for the better Regulation of the Linen or Hempen ManufaSurc, and every Clause, Provision, and Direction contained in one other Act, made in the seventeenth and eighteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty> intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufa3ure\' and every Clause, Provision, and Direction contained in one other Act, made in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth. Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further promoting the Linen and Hempen Manufactures, relating to or in any Manner concerning or affecting the Importation, Sale, or Branding of Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, be, and the same is and are hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That all bad, mixed, or damnified Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, which shall be imported into Ireland, shall be forfeited, together with the Packages in which the same shall be contained, to the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufacture of Ireland, to be by them burned or sold for the Purpose of being exported or crushed into Oil, as they shall think proper.

III. 4 And, in order to ascertain the Quality and Condition of all Flax Seed and Hemp Seed which shall be

imported there, ' be it further enacted, That all Flax Seed and Hemp Seed, which shall be imported inter Ireland, shall be detained in his Majesty's Store3 at the Place of Import, or in such Stores as shall be provided for that Purpose at the Expence of the Importer, of which Stores the Collector shall keep the Key; for which Storage or detaining no Fee whatsoever shall be demanded or payable, there to remain until it shall be examined and inspected by an Officer appointed by the said Trustees in Manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, such Officer shall, immediately on receiving Notice in Writing from the Importer thereof or his Agent that such Seed is landed, repair forthwith to the Custom House, and shall there open, in the Presence of the Collector, or some Officer of the Port to be by him appointed for the Purpose, every Calk or Package thereof, and examine the fame; and shall brand or mark every Cask or Package which shall appear to him to contain found un-niixed Seed lit for sowing, with the Word Sound; and shall also mark thereon the Month and Year of such his Examination, together with his Name or the Initials thereof, and the Name of the Port; and he shall forthwith seize, for the Use of the said Trustees, all such Seed as shall appear to him to be bad, mixed, damnified, or unfit for sowing, together with the Casks and Packages containing the fame: Provided always, that if the Importer of any Seed, which shall be so seized, shall think himself aggrieved by such Seizure, it shall and may be lawful for him to apply to any Magistrate within whose Jurisdiction the Place of Import shall be situated, and every such Magistrate is hereby authorized and required to summon such Officer to appear before him, and also to fufnmon any Merchants, Farmers, or other Persons within his Jurisdiction, whom he shall conceive to be skilled in the Nature of such Seed, and he shall swear not more than five nor left than three of such Merchants, Farmers, or other Persons, which Oath he is hereby empowered to administer, well and truly to examine the Quality and Condition of the Seed contained in each Cask or Package so seized, and true Verdict to give, whether the same is bad, mixed, or damnified, or whether it is found, unmixed, or fit for sowing; and if the Opinion or Verdict of such Persons, or the Majority of them given in Writing and signed by them, shall be, that the Seed contained in any Cask or Package is found, unmixed, and fit for sowing, such Officer shall forthwith brand or mark the said Cask or Package m Manner aforesaid, and shall also mark over or before the Word Sound, the Word Sworn; and such Cask or Package so marked shall be forthwith difcljarged from Seizure; Provided also, that if the Importer or Owner of any Flax Seed or Hemp Seed seized or detained in Manner aforesaid, for being bad, mixed, or damnified or unlit for sowing, shall give Notice in Writing to the Customer or Collector of the Port, and to the Officer who shall have seized the fame, that he means to export such Seed detained in his Majesty's Stores, it shall and may be lawdiil for him to export the same at any Time within three Months after tire Importation, notwithstanding the Seizure thereof; or if the Importer or Owner thereof shall give Notice in Writing to such Officer that he intends to crush the same into Oil, or to fell the same for being1 crushed into Oil, and shall by himself, or together with such Manufacturer of Linfecd Oil, as he shall fell or agree to fell-the same for that Purpose; or in case he shall not be himself a Manufacturer of Linfecd Oil, within -one Month after such Seizure, enter into Security before any Inspector General of the said Trustees, or other Officer of the said Trustees, or before any two of the said Trustees, by Bond to their Secretary in a Sum after the Rate of ten Pounds for each Hogshead or other Package thereof, that the Seed contained therein shall be cruihed into Oil before the first Day of December following, every such Cask pr Package, and the Seed contained therein, shall remain in his Majesty's Stores until the first Day of July following, and it shall then be delivered notwithstanding such Seizure to such Merchant or Manufacturer of Linseed Oil as shall have given such Security, on his producing to the proper Officer of the Revenue a Certificate from the Person* or Persons u'ho shall have taken such Security, that the same has been duly giveu as required by Law; and no such Security shall be vacated until due Proof be given, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, that such Seed has been crushed into Oil.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, before any Hogshead, Cask, or Package containing Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, which shall be so branded or fmalhed by such Officer appointed by the said Trustees, shall be delivered out of the aforesaid Stores at the Port into which the same shall be imported, thCjColleftor at such Port shall like wife brand or mark thereon the Name of the Port and the Year; and that every Collector shall and may demand and receive, and he is hereby required to demand and receive from the Importer and Owner of all Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, imported and examined as aforesaid, the Sum of Sixpence for each and every Hogshead, Caik, or Package containing the fame, to be disposed of in Manner following; that i3 to lav, every Collector shall and may, out of the Sum$ arising therefrom, retain and take to his ow n Ule a Sum, after the Rats of Three-pence (or each I log: head, Calk, dr Package, which he shall brand or mark, purfuai t to the Provisions aforesaid, and he shall pay over the Remainder on Demand, without any Defalcation or Abatement to such Officer appointed by the said

Trustees;

421

Such Parts of Irish Acts 3 G. 3. c. 34.

17 & iS G. 3.

c. 1. and

23 & 24 G. 3. as relate to the Importation, &c. of Flax or Hemp Seed lepealed.

Bad or damaged Flax or Hemp Se<?d imported into Ireland, shall be forfeited. Regulations to be ubfened in ascertaining the Quality and Condition of Flax and Hemp Seed imported.

Persons aggrieved by the Seizure of such Seed may apply to a Magi II rate.

FI.tx or Hemp Seed may be delivered up, after Seizure, for Importation, or for crushing into Oil, &c.

Before any Hogshead of Flax or Hemp Se-d shall be delivered out of Sto: e, the Colleger shall brand thereon ' the Name of the Port of Importation, : nci Year; Collector dull

422

receive 6d. per Hogshead, fee.

No Flax or Hemp Seed shall be lent Coastw ife without a Permit, on Pain ot' Foikuuit*.

Forfeited Flax or Hemp Seed fhalUe burned or sold within a Month, unkft on Security for it?.bring crushed into Oil, 6c c.

No Flax or Hemp Seed shall be sold for Cowing, except in the Calk in which imported, Mid branded with the Word Sound.

Regulations to be ©hferved in felling I'uch Seed.

Penalty for net complying with such Regulations, Forfeiture and fob ios* per Hogshead.

Officers n eg Jewing their Duty, &c. shall forfeit lOl.

Penalty on cottn-terfeiling Marks, Felony with Tran fporta lion.

Marks on Calks Xhall only Le in force till July ff in each Year.

C. 75. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

Trustees; and he shall and may detain, and lie is hereby required to detain, every such Hog (head, Calk, or Pack* age, until the said Sum of six Pence be paid on account thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Flax Seed or Hemp Seed imported into Ireland shall be sent Coastwise to any Port in that Country without a Permit from the Collector, or other proper Officer of his Majesty's Revenue, at the Port from whence the same shall be shipped, specifying the Number and Nature of Packages containing the fame, and the Marks or Brands thereon, and the Port for whi£h the same is to be shipped, together with the Name of the Port from whence it came, an$l the Ship in which it was imported; for every which Permit the Sum of three Pence, and no more, shall be paid; and every such Permit shall be entered by the proper Officer of the Port, immediately on the Arrival of the Seed, in a Book to be open at all Times within Custom House Hours, for the Inspection of any Officer of the said Trustees, without Fee or Reward; and such Permit shall he then delivered to the Person to whom the said Seed shall be consigned; and if any Flax Seed or Hemp Seed shall be sent Coastwise without such Permit, it shall be forfeited to the Use of the Person prosecuting for the fame, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of his Majesty's Revenue, or by any Officer appointed by the said Trustees.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Flax Seed or HemD Seed, which shall be forfeited as aforesaid to the Use of tlje said Trustees, shall be delivered out of his Majesty's Stores to the said Trustees, or any Officer by them appointed to be burned or sold for the Purpose and in Manner before mentioned, at the Expiration of one Month from the Day of its Seizure, unless such Security be entered into as aforesaid for its being crushed into Oil, or unless such Notice as before mentioned shall be given of the Intention to export the fame; in which latter Case it shall be delivered to be burned or sold for the Purposes before mentioned at the End of three Months from the Day of its Seizure, if the Person or Persons, giving such Notice of Intention to export, shall have omitted or neglected to ship the same for Export.

VII. And be it enacted, That no Flax Seed or Hemp Seed shall be sold or exposed to Sale for Towing, except in the Calk or Package in which the same shall have been imported, and duly branded with the Word Sound, and marked in Manner as before mentioned; and that every Person who shall import any Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, and fell or deliver to any one Person, at any one Time, one or more Calk or Calks, Package or Packages of such Seed for sowing, or in order to be sown, shall, together with every such Parcel, deliver a Certificate in Writing, if demanded, subscribed by such Person, rfxprefling truly the Quantities and Price of Seed so imported and fold, and the Port from whence the same was imported, and the Year of its Growth; and that every Person not being the Importer, who shall fell or deliver, to any one Buyer at one Time, one Peck or any larger Quantity of Flax Seed or Hemp Seed for sowing, or in order to be sown, shall. together with every such Pared, deliver to the Buyer a Certificate signed by such Person (if demanded) expressing truly the Quantity and Price of the Seed so fold, that the same was so sold by him for sowing, with the Name and Abode of the Person from whom he or she bought it, and the Time when, together with the Name of the Port from whence the same was imported, if it be foreign Seed, and the Year of its Growth as specified in the Certificate given to him or her therewith; and that it is sold to such Person out of the original Calk or Package wherein he or she received it, without any Mixture of other Seed, unless it be Seed of Irish Growth, in which Case he or she need not certify that it is fold out of the original Calk or Package, but that it is Seed of Irish Growth, unmixed with any other Seed; and if any Person shall sell or expose to Sale in any Calk or Package so branded or marked, any other Seed than what was actually imported in the lame, or shall fell at any Time, or in any Manner, any bad, mixed, or damnified Flax Seed or Hemp Seed for sowing, or any Flax Seed or Hemp Seed uqfit for sowing, or any Seed not being of the Growth of the Country, or the Year he or she hath stated it so to be, or if any Person felling or exposing any Flax Seed or Hemp Seed to Sale shall have in his Custody any mixed, bad, or damnified Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, or any foreign Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, except In the Calk or Package wherein it was originally imported, branded with the Word Sounds and marked as herein provided, or shall neglect or refuse to driver such Certificate as is herein-before required if demanded, or if any Thing contained in any such Certificate shall not be Truth, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit all such Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, together with the Calks or Packages containing the fame, or the Price thereof if fold, and also the Sum of ten Pounds ten Shillings for every Hogshead, Calk, or other Package thereof, and so in Proportion for any less Quantity than a Hogshead to any Person who shall sue for the fame; and if any Officer or Officers appointed by the said Trustees shall neglect or refuse to inspect and examine any Calk or Package containing Flax Seed or Hemp Seed imported, or shall on such Examination omit to seize any Calk or Package containing bad, mixed, or damnified Seed, or shall brand or mark any Calk or Package contrary to the Provisions of this Act; or if any Officer of his Majesty's Customs shall permit any Flax Seed or Hemp Seed to be taken from his Majesty's Custom House or Stores contrary to the Provisions" hereof, every Officer or Officers so offending shall, for each and every Calk or other Package in respect to which such Offence shall be committed, forfeit the Supt of ten Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the fame; and if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit or fraudulently alter any Brand or Mark which shall be put on any Calk or Package, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, and shall be duly convicted thereof by Indictment or Information, every such Person shall be adjudged guilty of Felony and suffer Punishment accordingly* and may be transported as a Felon.

VIII.«And whereas it hath been found that Flax Seed and Hemp Seed, branded as found, and not sown

in the same Year in which it shall have been branded, may become unfound and unfit for sowing in the next

Year; be it therefore enacted, That such Brands or Marks as shall be put on any Calk or Package pursuant to this A A, shall only be of force until the first of July in each Year wherein the same shall have been made, so as to allow the Seed therein contained to be sold or exposed to Sale; and that every Importer of Flax Seed or Hemp Seed who shall have any such Seed remaining unfold on the first Day of July in each Year, shall, within one Month after the said first Day of July in each Year, and every Person felling or dealing in Flax Seed or

Hemp

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 75.

4*3

Hemp Seed, or who shall mean to fell or deal therein, and who shall have in his or her Possession on the said first Day of July, or who shall before the first Day of February following buy or receive any Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, (Hall, within one Month after such first Day of July, of after such Person shall receive such Seed, give Notice in Writing to the neareil Inspector, or other Officer of the said Trustees, Hating the Quantity and Number of Packages of the Seed fn his or her Possession, the Substance of the Certificate given to nim or her therewith, if he be not the Importer, and, if he be the Importer a Certificate of the like Import as every Importer is hereby required to give to any Person to whom he fells Seed; and every such Officer shall, at some lime in the Months of January or February next following such Notice, inspect and examine the fame; and on every Calk or Package containing found Seed fit for sowing he shall brand or mark the Month and the Year, as near as conveniently may be to the original Brand or Mark, and impose a second Braud or Mark of the Word Sound; and if it shall appear to him to contain Seed bad or damnified, so as not to be fit for sowing, he shall mark thereon the Word Unfit* together with the Month and Year of such his Examination, and he shall seize the fame, together with the Seed contained therein: Provided always, that if the Owner thereof or the Person giving him such Notice shall, within one Week after such second Examination, give Security by Bond payable to the Secretary of the said Trustees, in a Sum after the Rate of ten Pounds for each Hogshead or Package containing the fame, that such Seed shall he exported or crushed into Oil, such Officer who shall have seized the fame, shall keep it in his Custody at the Expence of the Owner thereof until the first Day of July follow, ing, when he shall deliver it to the Owner thereof; and on Failure of such Security being then given, all such Seed shall be forfeited to the said Trustees, to be disposed of by them in like Manner as any Seed forfeited pursuant to the Provisions of this Act: Provided always, that the Person or Persons in whole Possession any such Seed shall be so seized, may, if he, she, or they think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved, have like Remedy, by Application to a Magiltrdtc, us is herein-before pruvided in case of an Importer.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, for every such second Examination, the Officer appointed by the said Trupees shall be entitled to receive the Sum of Sixpence for each Calk or Package which he shall examine, and

Notice shall he given to tin* In-fptuftor of I'ced in Possession, after the 1 ft of July, &c. who fh: ill again examine and brand the Calks as Sound;

or Unfit; in the J itter Case the Cask and Seed forfeited, un.Vfs on Security for being exported or crushed into Oil.

110 more.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Produce arising from all Seed forfeited to the said Trustees and fold for their Use, and from all Fees payable by virtue of this Act, except where it is otherwise directed, shall be applied by them in rewarding Officers or other Persons for their Zeal and Attention in carrying this Act into Execution, or in otherwise encouraging and promoting the Growth of Flax and Hemp in Ireland.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Collector, Revenue Officer, or Officer of the said Trustees, shall be answerable for any Damage wftiich any Seed seized may sustain while it shall be under Seizure; and that all Expences attending every Seizure, and the detaining of Seed in Custody, shall be paid by the Person or Per-foos whose Property it shall have been when seized, before such Seed shall be returned to him, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act; and that if any Officer of his Majesty's Revenue, or any Officer or other Person appointed by the Trustees of the Linen Manufactures, shall ask, take, or receive, directly or indiredllv, any Fee, Gratuity, or Reward, other than the Fee or Fees hereby enacted, for any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, he shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds to any Person w ho shall sue for the same.

XII. And be it farther enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall and may be filed for and recovered in Manner as any other Penalties respecting the Linen and Hempen Manufactures, may be sued for and recovered.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall buy Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, with an Intent to fow the fame, and it shall prove to be unfound, mixed, bad, damnified, or unfit for sowing, the Penalties hereby inflicted on the Person who shall have fold the fame, shall not be deemed a Bar to his or her bringing his or her .Action for Damages, or suing for the same by civil Bill or otherwise, but that it shall and may be lawful for every Person to sue for and recover the Damages which he or she shall sustain by such Seed having been mixed, bad, damnified, or unfit for sowing, or different from the Seed w'hich the Certificate given, or which ought to have been given at the Time of Sale, if demanded, imports, or would have imported.

XIV. 4 And whereas, by an Act, passed in Ireland in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for granting the Sum of four thousand Pounds to the Trustees of the Linen ManufactureJor the Purposes therein mentioned; it was enacted, that the said Trustees should not make any Giant of any Kind whatsoeser, for the Encouragement of the Linen or Hempen Manufacture, or for any Pujpose whatsoever, save only for the Buildings at the Linen Hall in Dublin, and the necessary Repairs thereof, or the Expence of instituting

or defending any Suit at Law, or adjudge or determine any Premium or Bounties whatsoever, except in the three Months ending the twenty-fifth Day of March, or agree to offer or propose any Premium or Bounty

except in the said three Months, or in the Month ending the twenty-fifth Day of April \ provided always, that no Premium or Bounties shall be offered or propostd in the Month ending the twenty-filth Day of April

following, to a greater Amount than the Savings on the Determination or Adjudication of Premiums or Bounties on the twenty-fifth Day of March preceding: And whereas the said Months are now become inconvenient for the Purposes aforesaid, be it enacted, That the said recited Clause shall be and is hereby repealed; and that the said Trustees shall not make any Grant of any Kind whatsoever for the Encouragement of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures or for any Purpose whatsoever, save only for the Buildings at the Linen Hall in Dublin, and the necessary Repairs thereof, or the Expence of inllituting or defending*any Suit at Law, except in the five Months ending the first Day of January.

Trustees empowered to let certain Premises, on Condition that the Leffec carry on some Bianch of the Linen or Cotton Manufacture there. §15. The Secretary of the Trustees shall execute such Demise under a fpc- cial Order. $ 16. Pubbck Act. j 17."

On such second Examination the the Officer shall have 6d. per Cask.

Application of

Forfeitures and Fees.

Officers not answerable lor Damages or Expo nee s by Seizure.

Penaky on Officers taking arty other Fees, tool.

Recovery of

Penalties and Forfeitures.

Euyei* may bring Adltors against Per font fell ing darruyrd Seed, notwithstanding Penalties hereby i.i-fiilted.

In Read of the Periods preferred by fiifli A a 26 G. 3. c. 19. $ 3, 4. Trustees of the Linen Manufacture shall make Grants for the LiHuuragemem of the Manu!a< -lures in the five Months ending Jan. t, only, w

le.ch Year.'

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

C. 76.

310.3.0.53. 36 G. 3.C. 7J.

3jG-3. c. 53.

36G. 3. C. 7J. recited.

*nd repealed.

The Seven Publick Offices now established, and the Justices ailing therein, shall be continued.

His Majesty may appointjustices to fill up Vacancies, just ices shall attend at certain Hours.

No Justice, See. shall take Fees but at the Publick Offices on Penalty of tool, j

except Fees for licensing Ale-houses under 26 G. 2. v. 3 1. or Fees taken at the Public Office in Bow Street, he.

AccountofFee*, he. taken at the Seven Offices

shall be c.eb vcr-cd moi.thly to the Recoiser,

CAP. LXXVI.

An A£fc for repealing two Acts, made in the thirty-fecortd and thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of his

frefent Majesty, for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace, in such arts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, as lie in and near the Metropolis, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof*, and for increasing the Salaries of the Justices at the Thames Police Office, until the first Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peaces in such Parts of the 1 Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, as lie in and near the Metropolis, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies

which was to continue in force until the first Day of June one thousand seven "hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; which, by another Act, made in the thirty- sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued for the Term of five Years, and from thence to«the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the said Acts should be ' repealed, and more effectual Provisions made in lieu thereof May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be, and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That the several Publick Offices now established in the following Places; namely, the Parishes of Saint Margaret Westminster, Saint James Westminster, Saint James Clerkenwell, Saint Leonard Shoreditch, Saint Mary Whitechapel, and Saint Paul Shadwelf in the County of Middlesex, and at or near Saint Margarets Hill in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, shall be continued, and the several Persons appointed by his Majesty to execute the Office of Justice of the Peace at each of the said Offices, by virtue of the said Act, shall continue to execute the fame, together with such other Justices of the Peace for the said Counties respectively as may think proper to attend.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, from Time to Time, upon any Vacancy in any of the said Offices, by Death or otherwise, to appoint other fit and proper Persons, being Justices of the Peace of the said Counties of Middlesex and Surrey respectively, to execute the Duties of the said Office in his Place; and that one or more of the said Justices, so appointed as aforesaid, shall diligently attend at each of the said Publick Offices every Day, from ten of the Clock in the Morning until eight of the Clock in the Evening, and at such other Times and Places as shall be found necessary; and that two of the said Justices so to be appointed as aforesaid shall in like Manner attend together at each of the said Offices, from twelve of the Clock at Noon until three in the Afternoon, and from fix of the Clock in the Evening until eight of the Clock in the Evening of every Day: Provided always, that the Attendance of one of the said Justices may be supplied during the Hours at which the Attendance of two is required as aforesaid, by any other Justice of the Peace for the said Counties of Middlesex or Surrey respectively.

IV. And be it enacted, That no Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, County of Surrey, City and Liberty of Westminster, or Liberty of the Tower of London, or his or their Clerk or Clerks, or any Person for them, other than at the said Publick Offices, shall, directly or indirectly, upon any Pretence or under any Colour whatever, take or receive any Fee, Gratuity, Reward, or Recompence, for any Act by him or them done or to be done in the Execution of his or their Office or Employ as Justice or Justices of the Peace', Clerk or Clerks as aforesaid, within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within the Parishes of Saint Mary de-Bone, Paddington, Saint Pancras, Kcrfington, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the said County of Middlesex, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of one hundred Pounds for every such Offence, to he recovered, one Moiety thereof to the Receiver appointed in the Manner herein after mentioned, to be applied to the Purposes of this Act, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same in any of his Majest) 's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Wager of Law', or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed: Provided always nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall be conftmed to extend to any Fees taken at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peaces or at any Meeting of Justices for the Purpose of licensing Alehouses, pursuant to an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the Manner of licensing Alehouses in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for the mere cafy cenviSing Persons selling Ale and other Liquors without Licence, or to any Fees taken at a certain rublick Office within the Liberty of Westminster, known by the Name of The Publick Office in Bow Street, or to any Fees taken by any Vestry Clerk, or his Assistant, as Clerk to ar.y Justice or Justices of the Peace acting within the Parish in which such Justice or Justices reside, for the Purpose of enforcing the Payment of any Taxes or Assessments arising within the same Parish, or for the Purpose of hearing and determining any Offence cognizable before a Justice or Justices of the Peace by virtue of any Statute made and provided for the special Regulation or Government of such Parish.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Justices so appointed to attend at the said seven Publick Offices as aforesaid, and their Clerks respectively, shall, in Books to be provided for that Purpose, keep a full, true, and particular Account of all the Fees taken and received at each of the said Offices, together with all Penalties and Forfeitures which shall have been recovered, levied, or received, in pursuance of any Adjudication, Conviction, or Order, had or made at any of the said seven Publick Offices, or any Process or Warrant issuing from the same*;

1 to

A.D. 180a. 42° GEORGII III. C. 76.

to which said Books and Accounts the Receiver, to be appointed in Manner herein after mentioned, shall at all

Times have free Access; and the said Justices shall once in every Month deliver unto such Receiver, such Account verified upon Oath by such Justice or Justices, their Clerk or Clerks, and such other Person or Persons as shall be employed in keeping such Accounts respectively, or any Part thereof, before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex or County of Surrey, as the Case may be; which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer; and shall pay and cause to be paid the Amount of all such Fees unto such Receiver, to be applied in Manner herein after mentioned; any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all such Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures, as are or shall be limited and made payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or to any Description of Persons other than the Informer or Informers, who shall sue for the fame, or any Party grieved, and which shall be recoverable in a summary Way before a Justice or Justices of the Peace, and which shall be recovered or adjudged before any Justice or Justices of the Peace at either of the said seven Publick Offices, shall be accounted for and paid into the Hands of the Receiver to be appointed in Manner herein after mentioned by the Justice, Clerk, Constable, Officer, or other Person or Persons who shall levy or receive the same, to be applied by such Receiver in Manner herein after mentioned; any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Justices appointed as aforesaid, or any other Person, having received any such Fees at any of the said seven Publick Offices, shall neglect to account for and pay the same in Manner aforesaid, or if any Justice, Justice's Clerk, Constable, Officer, or other Person, who shall levy or receive such Penalties or Forfeitures, or Shares of Penalties or Forfeitures, shall neglect to pay the same into the Hands of such Receiver in Manner aforesaid, or if any Person, having resigned such Office of Receiver, or having been removed from the same, shall neglect, within twenty-one Days after Notice for that Purpose, to account for and pay into the Hands of the succeeding Receiver all such Sums of Money as shall remain i: i his Hands applicable to the Purposes of this Act, it shall be lawful for such Receiver for the Time being, in his own proper Name only, or by his Name and Description of Office, to sue for and recover the fame, with Double Costs of Suit, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at fVe^minster9bj Action of Debt or on the Case, in which Action it shall be sufficient for such Receiver to declare as for Money nad and received to the Use of such Receiver for the Purposes of this Act; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action may, at the Discretion of any Judge of such Court, be held to Special Bail in such competent Sum as such Judge shall order and direct; and in any such Action against any such Person so liable to account as aforesaid, the said Court in which such Action mail be brought may, if such Court shall think proper, at the Instance of either of the Parties, refer the Account in Dispute in a summary Manner to be audited by any Officer of the said Court, or other fit Person at their Discretion, who may examine both Plaintiff and Defendant upon Oath (which Oath the said Person shall have Power to administer); and upon the Report of such Referee, unless either of the Parties shall shew good Cause to the contrary, such Court may make such a Rule or Order either for the Payment of such Sum as upon such Report shall appear to be due, or for flaying the Proceedings in such Cause, and upon such Terms and Conditions as to the same Court shall appear reasonable and just; or the said Court may order Judgment to be entered up by Confession for such Sum as upon such Report shall appear to be due*

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case of the Death of any Receiver continued or appointed by virtue of this Act, or of any Person having resigned or been removed from such Office, or of any of the other Persons whom the said Receiver for the Time being is authorized to sue as aforesaid, then and in such Case the Receiver for the Time being may in his own proper Name only, or by his Name and Description of Office, sue for and recover such Sum of Money as shall have been remaining in the Hands of such deceased Receiver or other Person, applicable to the Puijposes of this Act, or the Executors or Administrators of such Person deceased; in which Action it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff in Substance to state that the Deceased was indebted to the Plaintiff for Money had and received for the Purposes of this Act, or, that the Deceased died possessed of Money had and received for the Purposes of this Act, whereby an Action accrued to the Plaintiff to demand and have the same of such Executors or Administrators, and the like Action shall and may be brought against any Executors or Administrators of Executors or Administrators; in all which Actions the Defendant or Defendants may plead in like Manner and avail themselves of the like Matters in their Defence, as ia any Action founded upon ample Contrafts of the original Testator or Intestate; and in all Actions to be brought by such Receiver by virtue of this Act, Proof of the Plaintiff's acting in the Execution of such Office, shall be sufficient Evidence of his holding the lame, unless the contrary can be shewn in Evidence by the Defendant or Defendants in such Action.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, to direct the Salaries herein after mentioned to be paid to the Justices so appointed to attend each of the said seven Publick Offices, for their Time and Trouble, and such further Sums for the Expences of the said Offices, and for the Payment of Clerks, Peace Officers, and others therein employed, in such Manner as to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, shall seem meet: Provided always, that the yearly Salary paid to each of the Justices shall be five hundred Pounds clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatever: Provided also, that the whole Charges attending the said Offices (the said Salaries being included), shall not exceed the annual Sum of eighteen thousand Pounds over and above the neteflary Dilburfcments for hiring and repairing the Houses or Buildings wherein the said seven Publick Offices shall be held.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Receiver appointed by virtue of the Act herein-before recited and repealed may be continued in his said Office, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, upon any Vacancy in the said Office of Receiver by Death or otherwise, to appoint any other proper Person, not being one of the Justices appointed to act at either of the 42 Geo. III. 3 I Offices

425

and the Amount of Fees paid to him, See.

All Penalties (except to Informers or Par-lies grieved) recovered at the Publick Offices, shall be paid to the Receiver.

If Fees, See. are not accounted for, the Receiver may sue for the.Came in any Court of Record at Westminster# Sec.

Receiver may sue for Money in the Hands of deceased Receivers, Scr. and recover from Executors, See*

His Majesty Ut

Council may order Salai icsof 500l. each to for Justices, See. Whole Expenct not to exceed x8, ooooL

Prefeni Receiver to be continued in Office, and in case of Death,

Stc. his Majesty may appoint another. Duty of Receiver-

Receiver shall account on Oath to the Treasury.

Um Allowance.

Deficiency or Surplus shall be supplied by or carried to Consolidated Fund.

His Majesty in Council may alter the Situation of the Offices, it c.

Acts directed to be done by the neared Justice may be done by a Justice of the next Publick Office.

Justices incapacitated from fitting in Parliament.

No Justice, Receiver, or Con-ftjble, under this Act, shall interfere in Elections ot Members, on Penalty of iooi.j

etcept in Discharge of their Duty.

Justices may employ and dif-mist Constables;

C. 76. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

Offices aforesaid, to be the Receiver of the said seven Publick Offices; which said Receiver, or the Receiver now appointed under and by virtue of the herein-before recited Act, shall keep an exact and particular Account of all such Monies as shall be received by him, by virtue of any Provisions of this Act, and shall apply the same quarterly in Discharge of the Salaries, Expences, and Charges attending the said Publick Offices, and the carry ing this Act into Execution, and shall make all such Contracts and Distmriements as mall be necessary for the hiring, fitting up, and furnishing proper and sufficient Houses or Buildings, wherein the said seven Publick Offices shall be held, in such Manner as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice and Consent of his or their Privy Council, shall think proper to direct and appoint; of which said Premises so to be hired, and the Fixtures and Furniture thereof, and of all other Necessaries to be purchased for tlm Purposes of this Act, the Property or Interest so acquired therein shall be vested in the Receiver for the Time being, who shall and may in like Manner fell, assign, and dispose of the same, or any Part thereof, under the like Directions and Appointments, as Occasion shall require; and such Receiver shall forthwith after his Appointmeiu prepare proper Plans and Estimates of all such Contrafts and Disbursements as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall deliver the same to his Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department; and such Receiver shall further do and execute all such other lawful Matters and Things towards the Establishment of the said seven Publick Offices, and towards the carrying this Act into Execution, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, shall from Time to Time think proper to direct.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Receiver shall, every six Months, and oftener if required, deliver to the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, a full and particular Account of all Monies by lum received and paid as aforesaid, with Vouchers for the fame, which Account shall be verified upon Oath before any Justice or Baron of any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and such Receiver for his Care and Pains in the Execution of such Office, shall and may retain to his own Use, out of the Monies so received by him as aforesaid, such Sum not exceeding four hundred Pounds in each Year, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Prmr Council, shall direct and appoint: Provided always, that if it fl ail appear that the Monies herein-before directed to be applied by the said Receiver, in Discharge of the Salaries, Expences, and Charges attending the said seven Publick Offices, and the carrying this Act into Execution as aforesaid, shall not be sufficient to defray the fame, the Deficiency shall be made up and supplied out of the Consolidated Fund; and if at the End of any Year there shall be any Surplus in the Hands of such Receiver, he shall pay the Amount of such Surplus into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and the same shall be carried to and made Part of the said Consolidated Fund.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, to make such Alterations in the Places where any of the said seven Publick Offices shall be situated, or to make such Alterations in the Hours of Attendance therein, and to make all such other Regulations to be observed in conducting the fame, as he or they from Time to Time shall think proper.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That where by any Law now in being or hereafter to be made, any Act is directed or authorized to be done by any Justice or Justices of the Peace residing in or near or next the Pariflt or Place where any Offence or other Matter cognizable before them shall be committed, or shall arise, the same Jurisdiction shall and may be exercised by a Justice or Justices acting in such of the said seven Publick Offices as may be situated next or near such Parish or Place.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That no Justices of the Peace appointed as aforesaid, shall, during the Continuance in such Appointment, be capable of being elected or of fitting as Members of the House of Commons.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Justice, Receiver, or Constable, nominated and appointed as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, shall, during the Time he or they shall continue in their respective Offices, or within six Months after he or they shall have quitted the lame, be capable of giving his Vote for the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Middlesex or Surrey, or for the City and Liberty of Westminster, or the Borough of Southwark respectively, ror shall, by Word, Message, Writing, or in any other Manner, endeavour to persuade any Elector to give, or to dmuadc any Elector from giving his Vote for his Choice of any Person to be a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Counties, or for the said City and Liberty of IVe/lmin/Irr, or Borough of Southwark; and every such Justice, Receiver, or Constabk as aforesaid, offending therein, shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, one Moiety thereof to the Informer, the other Moiety thereof to the Use of the Poor of the Parish or Place where such Offence shall be committed, to be recovered by any Person that shall fuefor the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at lYestminster % in which no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; such Action to be brought within the Space of one Year after such Offence so committed: Provided nevertheless, fhat nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to subject any such Justice, Receiver, or Constable as aforesaid, to any Penalty or Penalties for any Act or Acts done by him or them, at or concerning any of the said Elections, in the Discharge of his or their Duty or Duties, in their said respective Capacities.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Justices appointed as aforesaid shall in their respective Offices retain and employ a sufficient Number of fit and able Men, whom they are hereby authorized and empowered to swear in, to act as Constables for preserving the Peace, and preventing Robberies and other Felonies, and apprehending Offenders against the Peace within the said Counties of Muhllefex and Surrey respectively, as well b)r Kight as by Day: which laid Constables so appointed and sworn as aforesaid, shall have all such Powers and

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 76. 427

not exceeding eight at each Office.

Receiver flull pay Constab'.es l6t. per Week, and extraordinary Expencet*

Constable*, Jcr. may apprehend any suspicious Person, and convey him before a Justice, and if it appear upon Oath that he is a reputed Thief, See. be shall be deemed a Rogue, within 17O. a. c. 5.

Authorities, Privileges and Advantages, as any Constable duly appointed now has or hereafter may have, by virtue of ajvy Law or Statute now made or hereafter to be made, and shall obey all such lawful Commands as they shall from Time to Time receive from the said Justices for the apprehending Offenders, or otherwise conducing themselves in the Execution of theii said Office or Employment; and such Justices, or any two of them, shall and may at any Time dismiss from his said Einployment every such Constable belonging to their respective Offices whom they shall think remiss or negligent in the Execution of his Duty or otherwise unfit for the fame, and appoint such others in their Stead as to them shall seem meet: Provided always, that no greater Number than eight shall at one and the same Time be so retained as aforesaid at any one of the said Publick Offices: Provided also, that if any Person so appointed a Constable as aforesaid shall be dismissed from his said Employment as aforesaid, all Powers and Authorities vested in him as a Constable under and by virtue of this Act shall immediately cease and determine to all Intents and Purposes whatever.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Receiver, out of the Monies herein-before directed to be applied in Discharge of the Salaries, Expences, and Charges attending the said Publick Offices, shall and may pay to the Cor-rtables io appointed as aforesaid, for their Trouble and Attendance as aforesaid, any Sum not exceeding Sixteen Shillings ber Week, and any extraordinary Expences they shall appear to have been necessarily put to in apprehending Offenders and executing the Orders of the Justices acting under and by virtue of this Act 5 such extraordinary Expences being first examined and approved of by the Justices attending the Office in which such Constables shall have been respectively appointed.

XVIII. 4 And whereas divers ill-disposed and suspected Persons and reputed Thieves frequent the Avenues

to Places of publick Resort, and the Streets and Highways, with Intent to commit Felony on the Persons and

Property of his Majesty's Subje&s there being; ana although their evil Purposes are sufficiently manifest, the Power of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace to demand of them Sureties for their good Behaviour, hath not been of sufficient Effect to prevent them from carrying their evil Purposes into Execution be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Constable, Headborough, Patrole, or Watchman, to apprehend every such Person, and convey him or them before any Justice of the Peace; and if it shall appear before the said Justice, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that such Person or Persons is or are a Person or Persons of evil Fame, and a reputed Thief or Thieves, and such Person or Persons shall not be able to give a satisfactory Account of himfeOF or themselves, and of hb or their Way of living, and it shall also appear to the Satisfaction of the said Justice, that there b just Ground to believe that such Person or Persons was or were in such Avenue, Street, or Highway as aforesaid, with such intent as aforesaid, every such Person shall be deemed a Rogue and Vagabond within the Intent and Meaning of the Statute, made in the seventeenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, Am AS to amend and make more effectual the Lews relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction*

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every such Conviction shall be in the following Form of Words, as the Case may happen, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect

DE it remembered, That on the Day of

" in the Year A.B. was brought before me

4 [as a Person of evil Fame, or reputed Thief, as tie Case may be'], and was not able to give a (atisfactory Account of hiraself, or of his Way of living; and I do, in pursuance of an Act passed in the forty-second Year of his present Majesty [here utfert the Title of this Act], adjudge him to be [Rogue and Vagabond]. Given under

my Hand and Se?l this Day of 'j J

And that such Conviction shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be quaffied or set aftdc, or adjudged void or insufficient for Want of any Form of Words whatever, nor shall the same be removed by Certiorari into his Majesty's Court of King's Bench.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself aggrieved by the

Judgment of such Justice as aforesaid, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County or Place wherein the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, such Person at the Time of hb Conviction, entering into a Recognizance with two fumcient Sureties, conditioned personally to appear at the said Sessions to try such Appeal, and to abide the further Judgment of the Justices at such oessions assembled; and in case such Conviction shall be affirmed at such Sessions, the said Justices may adjudge such Person to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and proceed against such Person in the same Manner as they might have done if such Rogue and Vagabond had been committed to the House of Correction until such General or Quarter Sessions: Provided always, that no Person convicted under this Act shall thereby become liable to any other Punishment than Imprisonment to hard Labour for a Term not exceeding six Months, taking into the Computation any actual Imprisonment such Person shall have suffered by his Commitment until such hession. shall not exceed 6 Months Imprisonment, lief[

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be Saving of the

con ft rued to extend, to deprive the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, of any Rights,

Privileges, or Jurisdictions, which they nave heretofore lawfully claimed, exercised, or enjoyed, within the Town and Borough of Southwark and the Liberties thereof 5 or to prevent the Mayor of the City of London for the Tune being, and such of the Aldermen of the said City who have borne the Office of Mayoralty, and the Recorder of the said City for the Time being, from acting as Justices of the Peace within the said Town and Borough of Southwark and the Liberties thereof, in such and the like Manner as they could or might have done in case this Acti had not been made.

XX1L Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be conftrned to extend to deprive the Dean of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, Westminster, for the Tifne being, or the High

3 I 2 Steward

Form of Con* vi&ioa.

No Ctrliorcrij Be c.

Appeal to the Quarter Sessions*

If Convict ion affirmed, Justicei may proceed as if the Party had been committed. Punishments

Jurisdiction of London in

and of the Dean or the High

428 C. 76, 77>7* 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

Steward of Westminster.

39 Jc 40 G. 3. c. 87. $ 5.

In (lead of 400l. to each of the Thames Police Justices, 500l. (Kill be paid.

Expence of that Office shall not exceed 8, 300!

Continuance of Act,

Steward of the City and Liberty of Westminster for the Time being, or his lawful Deputy, of any Rights, Privileges, or Jurisdictiona, which they have heretofore lawfully claimed, exercised, or enjoyed within the said City and Liberty, in such and the like Manner as they could or might have done in case this Act had not been made.

XXIII. 4 And whereas by an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames, and in its Vicinity, and to amend an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to prevent the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Rum Boats and other Boats on the River Thames 5 it is amongst other Things provided, that the yearly Salary to be paid to each of the Justices who shall be appointed to attend the Publick Office established by that Ad, shall be four hundred Pounds, clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever; be it further enacted, That the yearly Salary to be paid to each of the said last mentioned Justices shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be five hundred Pounds, clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever: Provided also, that the whole Expences attending the said last mentioned Publick Office, the lad mentioned Salaries being included, shall not exceed the annual Sum of eight thousand and three hundred Pounds; any Thing in the above recited Act of the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of his Majesty's Reign to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the first Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to permit British-built Ships to carry on the Fisheries in the Pacific Ocean, without Licence from the East India Company, or the South Sea Company.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS it may tend to increase the Navigation and Fisheries of his Majesty's Subjects, if the RestricW tions now subsisting with regard to Ships and Vessels navigating in the Pacific Ocean, between Cape Hem and one hundred and eighty Degrees of West Longitude from London, should be removed be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any British-built Ship or Vessel, owned and navigated according to Law, to pass through the Streights of Magellan or round Cape Horn, and to carry on the Fisheries in the Pacific Oceany from Cape Horn to one hundred and eighty Degrees of West Longitude from London, and to trade within the said Limits, without having obtained any previous Licence, Permission, or Authority for that Purpose, from the Court of Directors of the East India Company, or from the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas; any Thing in any Law, Charter, Usage, or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

feritUh-butlt Shi pi may pafi through ihe Streighti of Magellan, or round Cape Horn, and carry on the Fisheries in the Pacific Ocean,

Jc c. without

Licence from She East India Company or the South Sea Company.

c. 13.

ji G. 3. c. 24.}

ComniUhoners

may license an additional K umber of Hackney Coaches, not exceeding : oo, for each of which a weekly Sum of 55. shall be paid.

Such Hackney Coaches, &c. shall be entitled to the same Rates and Benefits, and be 1'ubjcwt to the same Rules as those heretofore licensed.

CAP. LXXVin.

An Act to authorize the licensing an additional Number of Hackney Coaches.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS it is found expedient that a greater Number of Hackney Coaches thaq are allowed by two

several Acts made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty respectively, should be licensed to be employed within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof, and within all and every the Parishes and Places comprised within the Weekly. Bills of "Mortality May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall have Power and Authority, and are hereby authorized, empowered, and required under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of the major Part of them, over and above the Number of one thousand Hackney Coaches authorized to be licensed by the said Acts, to license in like Manner at any Time or Times from and after the passing of this Act, any additional Number of Hackney Coaches not exceeding one hundred, to be employed for Hire within the Cities and Limits aforesaid, so that the Number of all the said Hackney* Coaches, licensed or to be licensed by virtue of the said former Acts and this present Act, shall not at any one Time exceed one thousand and one hundred; and that upon every one of the said Licences'to be granted in pursuance of this Act, there shall be reserved and made payable unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the like respective weekly Sums of five Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain, as is now payable upon any Licence granted before the passing of this Act, to be paid from the Commencement of every such Licence during the Continuance thereof respectively, in like Manner and under like Penalties, Covenants, Conditions, and Provisoes therein to be inserted, as in other Licences granted in pursuance of the several Acts now in force relating to Hackney* Coaches; and that the same Hackney Coaches, and the Persons to be licensed to drive or keep the fame, shall* in respect thereof, have the same Rates and Benefits and be subject and liable to all the same Orders, Rules* Regulations, Bye Laws, Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things, as are or were lawfully prescribed in relation to any Persons licensed to keep or drive Hackney Coaches, and the Renters of such Licences, and Drivers of such Coaches, before the passing of this present Act; and that all Persons who shall presume to drive or let to Hire, by the Hour or Day or otherwise, any Hackney Coach or Coach Horses, or to carry any Person or Persons for Hire in^any Hackney Coach within the Cities of London and Westminster, or the Suburbs of the same, or within any of the Parishes or Places comprized within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, without such

Leave

A.D. 1802.42° GEORGII III. C. 78, 79.

Leave or Licence as aforesaid, shall be liable to all such Forfeitures and Penalties as he, she, or they would have incurred for so doing, if this Act had not been made.

II. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That all the Monies to prise by Rents of the said additional Num-

ber of Hackney Coaches to be licensed in pursuance of this Act, shall be subject and applicable to the like Uses and Purposes, and under the like Penalties as the Rents upon Hackney Coaches are applicable and appropriated by Parliament. '

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That, out of the Monies to arise by Rents of Hackney Coaches, it shall and may be lawful to and for any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to reward the said Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, and the Clerks, Officers, and others that shall and may be employed by and under them, for their Labour and Pains, and to discharge such incident Expt nces as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as any three or more of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall from Time to Time think fit and reasonable in that Behalf; any Thing in this Act, or any other Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General I ffue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, a Verdictt shall be recorded for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Double Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law for Recovery of his or their Colts.

429

Licence Money shall be applied as before.

Treasury may reward ihe Cumin iflioners, See. for carrying this Act into Execution.

Persons sued may plead the General Hue.

Double Cofit.

CAP. LXXDL

An Act to revive and continue, until the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four, and to amend several Acts, passed in the twenty-seventh, thirty-fifth, and thirty-ninth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries; and to continue, f

until the fourteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, and from thence tb the End of the then next Session of Parliament, so much of an Act of the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign wrought Silks and Velvets*

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act*G. 3. c.ffr*

for the more effectual Encouragement of tie British Fisheries, which was to continue in force for a limited

Time: And whereas an Act was made in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, Intituled, Ate

AS for the more efieSual Encouragement of the British Fisheries : 9 And whereas the said first recited Act, together

with the Alterations and Amendments made by the said last recited Act, was further continued, for a limited

Time, and amended by an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act 35 G. 3. c. 56.

-___/_____J__ia ____- jI. i___.. <V*___/ .I. D_-I'Ll. MM*it Va /_

17 G. 3. c. 10.*

to continue and amend an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign ofbis present Majesty, intituled\*An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries : f And whereas the said Acts were revived ai

and further continued, and amended, by an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty: And whereas the said several Acts have expired, and it is expedient that the same should be revived and Further continued for a limited Time, and amended be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said several Acts, and all the Powers and Provisions therein contained, shall be, and the same are hereby revived; save and except as to such Bounties, and as to such Powers and Provisions as are by this Act excepted, or are hereby amended or altered; and shall continue in force until the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be coa-

ftrued to extend, to repeal any of the Provisions of an Act, passed in this Session of Parliament, relating, among other Things, to the discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported, except as is herein after specially provided in relation to the permitting the Use of Salt in the preserving of Fiffi. White Herring Bounty

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of April One thousand eight From April 5, hundred and three, one half Part of the Bounty of twenty Shillingsper Ton, and also one half Part of the Boun- " ties granted by the said last mentioned Acts for every Barrel of Herrings landed from any Buss or Vessel, in respect whereof a Bounty of twenty Shillings per Ton is granted by the said Acts, shall respectively ccafc and determine, and be no longer payable or paid.

IV. And whereas an Act was made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act

to prohibit the Importation of Foreign wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time; and for preventing unlawful

Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture; which was to continue in force for the Term of

five years from the fourteenth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, and from thence to the

End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the eleventh and

'fieventeenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the fourteenth day of June

One thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parha-

x ment

39 G. 3.

c. 100.

Recited ASr revived (except u hereby altered), and conti-linued till April 5, 1804.

AS Hull not repeal Provisions of c. 3. of tbi* Session atto (he

1803, one Half of certain Bounties shall cexle*

6 G. 3* c. 8. [etmitnttrd by 8 G. 3. r. 15* it G. 3. c. 49.

17c. 3-0.35j

*9 <7. 3. c. 55. 3S^-3.f- 3*- % 3-]

So much of 6 G. 3. c. 8.as relates to prohibiting the Ira-irution of 0reign wrought Silks and Vel-

r

F01

ment; and which Act, so far as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign wrought Silks and Vel- vets, wa9, by three Acts made in the twenty-second, twenty-ninth, and thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty*, further continued until the fourteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the said Act, so far as relates to

the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign wrought Silks and Velvets, has been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the same should be further continued : be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Act, as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign wrought Silks and Velvets, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued untfl the fourteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

vets, further continued till June 14, 1803, Sic.

CAP. LXXX.

35G.

and c. 80.

36 G, 3. c. 76.

39 & 40 G. 3.

c. 65.

From Sept. 1,

1802, recited Acts shall cease; and thence till Jan. 1, 1804, under Orders in Council, Goods, the Produce of any Part of Araeiica or the West Indies not under the King's Dominion, may be imported in certain Ships of any friendly Country, or in Bi iiifli Ships duly navigated. Regulations for landing and warehousing such Goods for Re-exportation.

Till Sept.1^802, British Ships and their Cargoes exempted from Forefeiture for Importation under Oiders of Council extending to them the Privileges granted by 36 G. 3. c. 76. to Foreign Vessels.

Persons issuing -or acting under such Orders in-«lc ramified.

An Act for repealing several Acts, made in the thirty-fifth, thirty-sixth, and thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof, to continue until die first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS the Commerce of this Kingdom was greatly benefited during the late War in consequence of the Importation of Goods under certain Orders of his Majesty in Council, and certain Acts of Parliament passed in the thirty-fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign for rendering those Orders effectual, and for making further Provision therein for a limited Time; and another Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, to indemnify Persons acting in consequence of certain other Orders in Council issued for the like Purpose, and to authorize the issuing Orders in Council for the like Purpose for a limited Time j which Acts have been since further continued by an Act passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of his Majesty's Reign, until the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four: And whereas it is expedient, in consequence of the Restoration of Peace, that the said Adds should cease and determine, and that other Provisions should be made in lieu thereof be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons^ in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of Sep* tember One thousand eight hundred and two, the said Acts shall cease and determine; and that from and after the said first Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two, and until the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, it shall and may be lawful, under any Order of Council with respect to Importations in Great Britain, and under any Order of the Lord Lieutenant and Council with respect to any Importations in Ireland\ to import in any Ship or Vessel belonging to Persons of any Country in Amity with his Majesty, not being of less than one hundred Tons Burthen, and navigated in any Manner whatsoever, or in any British-built Ship or Vessel owned, registered, and navigated according to Law, from any Territory, Possession, or Country, not under the Dominion of his Majesty, on the Continent of America, or in the West Indies, any Goods or Commodities whatsoever, the Produce of any Part of such Territories, Possessions, or Countries, into any of the Ports of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Statute, Law, Cullom, or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and the same shall and may be landed in the Presence of the proper Officers of the Customs, and secured in Warehouses under the joint Locks of his Majesty and of the Proprietors thereof, at the Ri(k and Expence of the said Proprietors, such Warehouses to be approved of by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any four or more of them, in that Part of Great Britain called England the Commission era of his Majesty's Customs, or any three or more of them in Ireland, and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or any three or more of them re-foeftively, or by the principal Officers of the Port where such Goods shall be imported; and the said Commissioners respectively shall and they are hereby authorized and required to make such Regulations, and to give such Directions as they may deem necessary for securing the said Goods and Commodities for the Benefit of the Proprietors thereof; and the said Goods and Commodities shall not be removed from thence but for the Purpose of being re-exported, on due Entry being made, to Foreign Parts, and for no other Purpose whatsoever.

II. 4 And whereas it has been found reasonable to admit, by divers Orders in Council, several British Ships

and Vessels, with their Cargoes, to an Entry, and to have the same Advantages and Privileges of importa- tion as are granted by the said Act, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, in the Case of Ships and Vessels belonging to Persons of any Country in Amity with his Majesty: And whereas it is expedient that all such Ships and Vessels, with their Cargoes, should be exempted from Forfeiture on account of such Importation, and all Persons who have acted or shall act in pursuance of such Orders, should be mdemnified: And whereas it will be for the Benefit of the Commerce of this Kingdom to continue to allow, by-

Order in Council, British Ships and Vessels to be entered, and to have the like Advantages and Privileges of

Importation be it further enacted, That all such Ships and Vessels, with their Cargoes, shall be exempted from Forfeiture on Account of such Importation, and all Persons who have been concerned in advising or issuing such Orders, or who shall have acted or shall act in pursuance of or according to such Orders in Council, shall be indemnified in the same Manner as if such Ships and Vessels had been entitled to take the Benefit of the Orders t of Council referred to in the said last mentioned Act; and it shall and may be lawful until the first Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two, to admit, by Order in Council, British Ships owned, registered, and L, navigated according to Law, with their Cargoes, -to an Entry, and the Cargoes shall be entered, and warehoused.in the same Manner as is permitted by the said last mentioned Act with respect to Ships or Vessels belonging to

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 80, 81. 431

Persons of any Country in Amity with his Majesty; and all such British Ships and Vessels, and the Goods and Commodities imported therein, shall be subject to the same Rules ana Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, and shall be entitled to the same Privileges and Advantages as are provided in the said last mentioned Act respecting Ships and Vessels belonging to Persons of any Country in Amity with his Majesty, and Goods and Commodities imported in the same, in order to be warehoused.

[Not to extend to Tobacco, Snuff, or Rice.]

III. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to permit or allow the Importation or warehousing of any Tobacco, Snuff, or Rice, in any other Manner than is permitted and allowed according to the Laws in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act; but that such Tobacco, Snuff, and Rice respectively shall be subject and liable to all, each, and every of the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to which the same were subject and liable by Law on and immediately before the passing of this Act.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act for amending so much of an Act, passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the secreting, embezzling, or destroying any Letter or Packet sent by the Post; and for the better Protection of such Letters and Packets; and for more effectually preventing Letters and Packets being sent otherwise than by the Post.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

[7 G. 3. c. 50. §1.]

intituled, An Act for amending certain Laws relating to the Revenue of the Post Office, and for granting Rates of Postage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and the Isle of Man, and within that Island, it was, among other Things enacted, that if any Deputy, Clerk, Agent, Letter Carrier, Post-boy or Rider, or any other Officer or Person whatsoever, employed, or to be thereafter employed, in receiving, stamping, sorting, charging, carrying, conveying, or delivering Letters or Packets, or in any other Business relating to the Post Office, should, from and after the first Day of November One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, secrete, embezzle, or destroy any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets, Bag or Mail of Letters, which he, she, or they should and might be respectively intrusted with, or which should have come to his, her, or their Hand or Possession, containing any Bank Note, Bank Post Bill, Bill of Exchange, Exchequer Bill, South Sea or East India Bond, Dividend Warrant of the Bank, South Sea, East India, or any other Company, Society, or Corporation, Navy or Victualling, or Transport Bill, Ordnance Debenture, Seaman's Ticket, State Lottery Ticket or Certificate, Bank Receipt for Payment on any Loan, Note of Assignment of Stock in the Funds, Letter of Attorney for receiving Annuities or Dividends, or for selling Stock in the Funds, or belonging to any Company, Society, or Corporation, American Provincial Bill of Credit, Goldsmith's or Banker's Letter of Credit, or Note for or relating to the Payment of Money, or other Bond or Warrant, Draught, Bill, or Promissory Note whatsoever for the Payment of Money, or should steal and take out of any Letter or Packet that should come to his, her, or their Hands or Possession any such Bank Note, Bank Post Bill, Bill of Exchange, Exchequer Bill, South Sea or East India Bond, Dividend Warrant of the Bank, South Sea, East India, or any other Company, Society, or Corporation, Navy or Victualling, or Transport Bill, Ordnance Debenture, Seaman's Ticket, State Lottery Ticket or Certificate, Bank Receipt for Payment on any Loan, Note of Assignment of Stock in the Funds, Letter of Attorney for receiving Annuities or Dividends, or for selling Stock in the Funds, or belonging to any Company, Society, or Corporation, American Provincial Bill of Credit, Goldsmith's or Banker's Letter of Credit, or Note for or relating to the Payment of Money, or other Bond or Warrant, Draught, Bill, or Promissory Note whatsoever, for the Payment of Money, every such Offender or Offenders being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, should be deemed guilty of Felony, and should suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy: And whereas it is expedient to extend the Provisions of the said in Part recited Act, so as to protect the Conveyance by the Post of all and every Part or Parts of any such Securities or Instruments as aforesaid:

[Penalty of Felony without Clergy on Persons employed in any Business relating to the Post Office, secreting &c. Letters &c. containing any Parts of any Security or Instrument mentioned in recited Act;]

May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Deputy, Clerk, Agent, Letter Carrier, Post-boy or Rider, or any other Officer or Person whatsoever, employed, or to be hereafter employed, in receiving, stamping, sorting, charging, carrying, conveying, or delivering Letters or Packets, or in any other Business relating to the Post Office, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, secrete, embezzle, or destroy any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets, Bag or Mail of Letters, which he, she, or they shall and may be respectively intrusted with, or which shall have come to his, her, or their Hands or Possession, containing any Part or Parts of any such Security or Instrument as in the said recited Act are described or mentioned, or shall steal or take out of any Letter or Packet that shall come to his, her, or their Hands or Possession, any Part or Parts of any such Security or Instrument, every such Offender or Offenders, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

[And also on Persons procuring, &c. Officers of the Post Office to commit any such Offence, or fraudulently receiving such Securities or Instruments,]

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person whatsoever, whether employed in any Business relating to the Post Office or not, shall counsel, command, hire, persuade, procure, aid, or abet, any such Deputy, Clerk, Agent, Letter Carrier, Post-boy or Rider, or any other Officer or Person whatsoever, employed, or to be hereafter employed, in receiving, stamping, sorting, charging, carrying, conveying, or delivering Letters or Packets, or in any other Business relating to the Post Office, to commit any Felony or Offence, the said in Part recited Act, or in this Act before mentioned, or shall with a fraudulent Intention buy or receive the Whole or any Part or Parts of any such Security or Instrument as aforesaid, which at the Time of buying or receiving thereof he shall know to have been contained in any such Letter or Letters, Packet

432 C. 81. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

[or any Parts of them.]

or Packets, so by any Deputy, Clerk, Agent, Letter Carrier, Post-boy or Rider, or any other Officer or Person whatsoever, employed, or to be hereafter employed in receiving, stamping, sorting, charging, carrying, conveying, or delivering Letters or Packets, or in any other Business relating to the Post Office, secreted or embezzled, or stolen or taken out of any, Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets, that shall come to his, her, or their Hands or Possession, or which he, she, or they at the Time of buying or receiving thereof, shall know to have been contained in, and stolen or unlawfully taken out of any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets, stolen and taken by any Person or Persons whatsoever from or out of any Mail or Mails, Bag or Bags of Letters, sent and conveyed by the Post, or from or out of any Post Office, or House or Place for the Receipt or Delivery of Letters or Packets sent or to be sent by the Post, each and every Person so offending in any of the Ways last before mentioned, being thereof convicted, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy, and shall and may be tried, convicted, and attainted of such Felony, as well before as after the Trial or Conviction of the principal Felon, and whether the said principal Felon shall have been apprehended, or shall be amenable to Justice or not.

[The Offence of robbing the Mail may be laid and prosecuted, if committed in England either in the Country where committed, or where the Offender is apprehended, and if committed in Scotland, either in the Justiciary Court of Edinburgh, or in the Circuit Court, &c.]

III. 'And whereas by the said in Part recited Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty it was, among other Things, enacted, that, from and after the said first Day of November One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, if any Person or Person whatsoever should rob any Mail or Mails in which Letters ate sent or conveyed by the Post, of any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets, Bag or Mail of Letters, or should steal and take from or out of any such Mail or Mails, or from or out of any Bag or Bags of Letters sent or conveyed by the Post, any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets, although such Robbery, stealing, or taking should not appear or be proved to proved a taking from the Person, or upon the King's Highway or to be a Robbery committed in any Dwelling House, or any Coach House, Stable, Barn, or any Out-House belonging to a Dwelling House, and although it should not appear that any Person or Persons were put in Fear by such Robbery, stealing, or taking, yet such Offender or Offenders, being thereof convicted as aforesaid, should nevertheless respectively be deemed guilty of Felony, and should suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy: And whereas, by reason of the Difficulty and frequent Impossibility of discovering and proving the particular County, Stewartry, or Place within which the said last mentioned Offences have been committed, divers Persons have escaped the Pains and Punishments by the said in Part recited Act intended to be inflicted on such Offenders, and it is reasonable to make further Provisions for the Trial and due Punishment of such Offenders; be it therefore further enacted, That all and every the said last mentioned Felonies and Offences, which shall be committed from and after the passing of this Act, shall and may be alleged and laid, prosecuted, inquired of, tried, and determined, if committed in that Part of Great Britain called England either in the County wherein such Felony or Offence shall be committed, or wherein such Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended; and if committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, either in the Justiciary Court of Edinburgh, or in the Court of the Circuit of that Part of the United Kingdom within which Circuit such Felony or Offence shall be committed, or such Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended.

IV. 'And whereas it frequently happens that Bags or Mails of Letters sent and conveyed by the Post, which may hare been stolen or accidentally lost and afterwards found or picked up, are wilfully detained by the Persons finding the same in the Expectation of Gain or Reward, to the great Inconvenience of divers of his Majesty's Subjects, and the Prejudice of Commerce;' to remedy therefore the said Evil, be it further enacted,

[Persons secreting or refusing to deliver up any Bags or Mails of Letters, &c. which shall be found or picked up, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor.]

That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall wilfully secrete, keep, or detain, or being required to deliver up by any Deputy, Clerk, Agent, Letter Carrier, Post-boy, Rider, Driver, or Guard of any Mail Coach, or any other Officer or Person whatsoever employed or to be employed in any Business relating to the Post-Office, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver up any Mail or Bag of Letters sent or conveyed, or made up in order to be sent or conveyed by the Post, or any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets sent or conveyed by the Post, or put for that Purpose into any Post-Office, or House or Place for the Receipt or Delivery of Letters or Packets sent or to be sent by the Post, and which Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets, Bag or Mail of Letters, shall have been found or picked up by the same or any other Person or Persons, or shall by or through Accident or Mistake have been left with or at the House of the same or any other Person or Persons, each and every Person and Persons so offending shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor to be punished by Fine and Imprisonment.

[9 Annae, c. 10.]

V. 'And whereas, notwithstanding the Provisions made in an Act, passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for establishing a General Post Office for all her Majesty's Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, the Practice of sending and conveying by Stage Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Ships, Vessels, Boats, Barges, and other Conveyances, Letters and Packets, which, by virtue of the Laws relating to the Post-Office, ought to be sent by the Post, prevails to a considerable Extent, to the great Prejudice and Diminution of his Majesty's Revenue; be it therefore enacted,

[Persons sending Letters or Packets otherwise than by Post, shall forfeit 5l.]

That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall send or cause to be sent or conveyed, or tender or deliver in order to be sent or conveyed, otherwise than by the Post, or by and with the Authority and Consent of the Postmaster General, for the Time being, or his Deputy or Deputies, or to the nearest or most convenient Post Town, to be from thence forwarded by the Post, any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets of Letters, on Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence against the Tenor of this present Act, the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit by any Person who shall and will inform and sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law shall be admitted, one Moiety thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Person who shall so inform and sue for the same.

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 81, 82. 433

[But not to extend to Letters, &c. herein described.]

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend to subject any Person to any such Penalty or Forfeiture as aforesaid, for sending or for causing to be sent or conveyed, or for tendering or delivering in order to be sent or conveyed, any Letter or Letters which shall respectively concern Goods sent by any common known Carrier of Goods, and shall be sent with and for the Purpose of being delivered with the Goods that such Letter or Letters do concern, without Hire or Reward, Profit or Advantage for the receiving or delivering the same, nor any Letter or Letters of Merchants, Owners of any Ships, Barks, or Vessels of Merchandise, or any the Cargo or Lading therein sent on board such Ships, Barks, or Vessels of Merchandise, whereof such Merchants or Masters are Owners as aforesaid, to be delivered by the Masters of such Ships, Barks, or Vessels of Merchandise, or by any other Person employed by them for the Carriage of such Letters according to their respective Directions, without paying or receiving any Hire or Reward, Advantage or Profit for the same in anywise, nor any Commission or Return thereof, Affidavits, Writs, Process, or Proceedings, or Return thereof, issuing out of any Court, nor any Letter or Letters to be sent by any private Friend or Friends in their Way of Journey or Travel, or by any Messenger sent on Purpose for or concerning the private Affair of any Person or Persons.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in Great Britain.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

---

[

intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom and by several other Acts made since the passing of the said recited Act, certain Ships, Vessels, and Boats in the said Act respectively particularly described, are, if found at Anchor, or hovering within the Limits of any of the Ports of Great Britain, or within four Leagues of the Coast thereof, or discovered to have been within the said Limits or Distances under certain Circumstances, subject and liable to Forfeiture, together with all the Goods laden on board any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, and the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel thereof: And whereas it is expedient for the more effectual Prevention of the Practice of Smuggling, and the Protection of the publick Revenue and the fair Trader, that the Provisions of the Laws now m^forep relating to such Ships, Vessels, and Boats, and to the Prevention of the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to Duties, should be extended be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Ship, Vessel, and Boat described in the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts passed for the extending the Provisions thereof, or for the better Prevention of Smuggling, and which would, under and by virtue of any of the Provisions of the said recited Act, or any other such Act or Acts as aforesaid in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, be subject and liable to Forfeiture for hovering, or being found or discovered to have been within four Leagues of the Coast of Great Britain, shall, together with all Goods laden on board, and the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, be subject and liable to Forfeiture if hovering, or found or discovered to have been within eight Leagues of the Coast of Great Britain, under any of the Circumstances in the said recited Act, or any other such Act or Acts as aforesaid, specified, described, or mentioned; and the said recited Act, and all other Acts in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, and all Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Forfeitures, Penalties, Restrictions, Exemptions, Exceptions, Matters, and Things therein contained, relating to Ships, Vessels, or Boats hovering, or found or discovered to have been within four leagues of the Coast of Great Britain, and also relating to any Goods laden or being on board any such Ships, Vessels, or "Boats, and the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel thereof^ shall be, and the same is and are hereby extended, and hereby directed and declared severally and respectively to extend, and shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be deemed and conllrued to extend, and shaft apply and be in full Force, and applied and put in Execution, as to all Ships, Vessels, and Boats described in any such Act or Acts as aforesaid, which shall, under any of the Circumstances specified, described, or mentioned in any such Act or Acts as aforesaid, be hovering, tn* found or discovered to have been within eight Leagues of the Coast of Great Britain, and also to all Goods laden on board any such Ships, Vessels, or Boats, and the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, or Apparel thereof, in as full and ample a Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Act and Acts, and all the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Forfeitures, Penalties, Restrictions, Exemptions, Exceptions, Matters, and Tiling* relating thereto, were particularly and expressly repeated and rc-cnaftedin the Body of this present Act, as to such Dillance of eight Leagues as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Pains, as well Pains of D^ath as other Pains, and all Forfeitures, Fines, and Penalties, and all Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Exemptions, and Exceptions contained in the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, and every Clause, Matter, and Thing therein contained, relating to any Ships, Vessels, or Boat*, described in the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts nowin force for the Prevention of Smuggling, hovering, or found or discovered to have been within four Leagues of the Coast of Great Britain, or to any Goods laden on board any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or any Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, or Apparel thereof, or to any Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command, or any other Person on board of any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall extend, and be deemed, construed, and taken to extend, and shall apply and be in full Force, and put in Execution in all Cases, and for all Purposes, as to all such Ships, Vessels, or Boats as aforesaid, hovering, or found of difedvered to have been within eight Leagues of the Coall of Great Britain; and as to all Goods laden on board any such Ship, 42G10. III.*3K Vessel#

433

But not to tend to Lellrr.*, &c. heiein dt-scribed.

*4 G- 3- c. 4'-

Vessels deferifeed in the recited Act, or any other Act for the Prevention of String-gling, found hovering within eight League* of the Coast of Great Britain, shall be forfeited, wiih-lhe Caigo, &c.

Pains and Penalties and all Clnufe> contained in the 111 ited Act.&i. Kbring to Vt ffi dr-f 1 i) id tin 11 i'T, found hoveling within four Lo ^ues of the Co ill, fhdl extend to fm h Vetf l« ho-, rrifg within tigtti

434 C. 82. 42 GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

Leagues, and to their Cargoes, &c.

Hmrferthifl Alt Unit affdt such Distance as to the Coast between the North Foreland and Beachy Head, &c.

Though on any Trial it shall appear doubtful whether the Vessel was within such Limits, the Jury shall find for the Crown, if they are satisfied the Vessel had prohibited Goods j»n board, &c.

Alt net to alter Defiances, &c.

Penalty on Persons making Lights, or Fires, or Signals, on the Coast of Great Britain in she Night Time, for the Purpose of giving Signals to Smuggling Vessels, iool.

Recovery and Appliation of such Penalty.

Charges of Prosecution before Quarter .'efGoni may be paid out of the Revenue; and if Offender is oommitted to the House of Gorrdtion, 25l. shall be paid the Informer. Penalties may he levied by Distress, &c.

Vessel, or Boat, and as to every Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command, or other Person on board of any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Act and Acts, and all Pains, as well Pains of Death as other Pains, and all Forfeitures, Fines, and Penalties, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, restrictions, Exemptions, Exceptions, Clauses, Matters, and Things relating thereto, and contained and enacted therein, were particularly and expressly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act, as to such Distance of eight Leagues as aforesaid; any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to alter such Distance of four Leagues as aforesaid as to that Part of the Coast of Great Britain which is between the North Foreland on the Coast of Kent and Beachy Head on the Coast of Sussex: Provided nevertheless, that such Distance of eight Leagues, in this Act mentioned, may and shall be measured in any Direction between the Southward and Eastward of Beachy Head; and that this Act, and alt the Provisions thereof shall extend, and be deemed and construed to extend, to such Limits and Dillance of eight Leagues in every Direction from Beachy Heady although any Part of such Limits so extended may exceed the Distance of four Leagues before mentioned, from any Part of the Coast of Great Britain to the Eastward of Beachy Head aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if on any Trial relating to the Seizure or Forfeiture of any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or Tackle, Apparel, Guns, Furniture, or Ammunition thereof, or any Goods laden on board the same respectively, hovering, or being found, or discovered to have been within any Limits or Distances mentioned in the said recited Act or this Act, or any other Act or Acts made for the Prevention of Smuggling, or seized as or proceeded against in due Course of Law for hovering, or so found or discovered as aforesaid, it shall appear to the Jury impannelled on such Proceeding as aforesaid, that, from the Evidence given on such Trial, it is doubtful whether such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, was within such Limits or Distances as aforesaid, but it shall nevertheless at the same Time be made appear to the Satisfaction of such Jury, and such Jury shall be fully satisfied, that such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, had on board prohibited Goods, or Goods liable to the payment of Duties, and was then hound for or hovering on the Coast of Great Britain, for the Purpose of the clandestine Importation or illegal Running of the same, it mall he lawful for such Jury to find a Verdict for the Crown, as to any such Ship, vessel, or Boat, and any Goods laden on board, and the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel thereof, in like Manner as if it had been fully proved that such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, was hovering or found, or had been discovered to have been within any such Limits or Distances as aforesaid.

V. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to alter any such Limits or Distances, or to any Cases in which there shall not be Doubt as to whether such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in respect whereof any such Question shall arise, was hovering, or found or discovered to be within such Limits or Distances respectively as aforesaid.

VI. ' And whereas the illicit Importation and fraudulent Landing of Goods are greatly facilitated, and great ' Hazard and Danger occasioned to the Lives and Properties of Persons navigating Vessels on the Coaus of Great Britain, by the temporary and occasioned Lights, Fires, and Blazes made by Persons on or from the Coast ' and Shores of Great Britain, as private Signals to Smuggling Vessels; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person shall, after Sunset and before Sunrise between the twenty-first Day of September and the fij-ft Day of April9 or after the Hour of eight in the Evening and before the Hour of fix in the Morning, between the last Day of March and the twenty-second Day of Scptcmbcr9 make, or aid or afllft in the making, or be present for the Purpose of aiding and assisting in making any Light, Fire, or Blaze, or any Signal by Smoke, or by Rockets, FireWorks, Flags, firing of Guns, or other Fire Arms, or any other Contrivance or Device on or from any Part of the Coast or Shores of Great Britain, for the Purpose of making or giving any Signal to any Person or Persons on board any Smuggling Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, hovering or found, or discovered to have been within any Limits or Distances mentioned in this Act, or any former Act or Acts passed for the Prevention of Smuggling, such Person shall, for each and every Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every such Penalty of one hundred Pounds by this Act imposed, mty be sued for and prosecuted at any Time within twelve Months after the Offence shall have been committed, and may be recovered either by Information or otherwise, in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, and levied as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, or levied under any Act or Acts made for the securing the Revenue of Customs, or by Information or Indictment before the Justicesat the Quarter Sessions of the Peace nearest to the Place where such Offence or Offences as aforesaid, shall or may be committed; and three fourth Parts of every such Penalty shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the remaining fourth Part to the Person who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs and Excise reflectively, and they are hereby empowered, to order the Charges of any Prosecution before any Justices at Quarter Sessions for any such Offence as aforesaid, to be paid out of any Money in the Hands of the Receiver General of the Customs and Excise respectively, arising by any Branch of the Revenue under their respective Management j and in every Case where the said Court of Exchequer, or any such Justices as aforesaid, shall in lieu of levying or causing to be levied any such Penalty, commit any such Offender to a House of Correction, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners respectively, to order and direct any Sum not exceeding twenty-five Pounds to be paid out of any like Monies as aforesaid to any Person or Persons who shall have informed against, discovered, or prosecuted any such Offender as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Justices by their Order or Warrant, to levy every' Penalty and Forfeitu; e incurred by any Offender or Offenders against this Act, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or

3 Owners

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 82.

Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reasonable Changes of such Distress and Sale; and i* case such Offender or Offenders have not, nor hath Goods or Chattels fufneient to answer the Penalty or Penalties against him, her, or them, recovered, then without any Warrant for the Purpose, or if such Penalty or Penalties cannot be wholly levied by virtue of the Warrant or Warrants which shall be for that Purpose issued, such Justices shall and lawfully may commit every such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County or Place in or for which such Justices shall then aft, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize, for any Time not exceeding twelve Calendar Months, unless the Whole of such Penalty or Penalties shall be sooner paid.

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, and for all other Persons acting in their Aid and Assistance, to put out, extinguish, and destroy any such Light, Fire, or Blaze, or any Smoke, Signal, Rocket, Firework, or other Contrivance or Device so made as aforesaid for any such Purpose as aforesaid, and for that Purpose to go on any Lands without being deemed to be, or being liable to any Action or Prosecution for any Trespass; and also to arrest, flop, and detain all and every Person and Persons who shall be found making, or aiding or allifling in making any such Light, Fire, Blaze, Smoke, Signal, Rocket, Firework, or other Contrivance or Device; and such Officer or Officers, and all Persons acting in their Aid and Assistance^ shall forthwith carry and convey any Person or Persons so arrested as aforesaid, before one or more of his Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace redding near to the Place where such Offence shall be committed, and such Justice or Justices shall proceed against such Person as a Rogue and Vagabond, in Manner herein after mentioned, or if he or they fee Cause, require any such Person to give Bail in the Sum of two hundred Pounds for his Appearance to answer any Prosecution for such Offence, or in Default of giving such Bail, commit such Person or Persons to the next County Gaol, there to remain until the succeeding Term, or next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the same County or Place as the Case may be; and every Penon who shall assault, refill, oppose, molest, obstruct, or hinder any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise in any such Duty as aforesaid, shall be liable to such and the like Prosecution^ for the fame, as any Person is by any Law or Laws of Customs or Excise now liable to, for assaulting, refilling, opposing, molesting, obstructing, or hindering any Officer of Customs or Excise in the due Execution of their Duty.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be found making, or aiding or assisting in the making any such Light, Fire, or Blaze, or Signal as aforesaid, for any such Purposes as aforesaid, shall be deemed a Rogue and Vagabond within the true Intent and Meaning of an Act of the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and make more effectual the Law relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction, and shall be punishable as such Rogue and Vagabond accordingly; and all Persons who shall be found offending against this Act in the Manner above mentioned shall and may be apprehended and conveyed before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, as in and by the said recited Act in relation to the Rogues and Vagabonds therein described, is directed; and the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be brought, such Offender not having been sued or prosecuted for the same Offence, without Covin or Collusion aforesaid, shall and may, upon full and sufficient Proof of the Offence, in the Manner in and by the said recited Act directed, order such Offender to be sent to the House of Correction, there to remain until the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, for the County, Riding, Division, or Place where the said Offence was committed; and the Justices at such Sessions shall enter upon the Examination of the Case, and proceed therein according to the Directions of the said recited Act of the seventeenth Year of his said late Majesty; and all Justices of the Peace, Mayors, Bailiffs, Constables, Headboroughs, and other his Majesty's Civil Officers within their respective Jurisdictions, are hereby empowered and strictly required to use their utmost Endeavours to prevent the committing of any of the Offences aforesaid by all lawful Ways and Means, and shall be and are hereby indemnified for any Thing done in Execution of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all other the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Punishments, and Provisions prescribed and inflicted in and by the said recited Act of the seventeenth. Year of his said late Majesty, for the apprehending, securing, and punishing Persons as Rogues and Vagabonds within the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, not hereby altered, shall be applied and carried into Execution, in relation to the Persons hereby declared to be Rogues and Vagabonds, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if the same Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Punishments, and Provisions, and every of them, had severally and respectively been re-enacted in this Act.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be liable to be prosecuted for any Offence against this Act, by both the Ways by this Act prescribed $ nor shall any Person against whom any Action, Suit, or Information, for the Recovery of a pecuniary Penalty, hath been commenced and carried on with Effect, be liable to Imprisonment as a Rogue and Vagabond under this Act, for the same Offe nce j and that where any Person shall be convicted and sentenced to Imprisonment, as a Rogue and Vagabond under this Act, such Person shall not be liable afterwards to be prosecuted for any pecuniary Penalty for the same Offence.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame, as any Defendant hath m any other Cases to recover Costs by Law.

3 K 2 CAP.

Officer of Customs or Excise may extinguish Lighu, Sec. made for Signals, and convey* Offenders before a Justice, mho flnll proceed arainst them as^ Vagabonds, &c. or take Bail for their Appearance.

Penalty on obstructing Oncers.

Persons so found making Lights,

Scc. ftull be deemed Rogues.and Vagabond*, within the Meaning of 17 G. 2. c. J.

Powers of 17 G. 2. c. 5. extended to this Act for the Purpose of punishing such Offenders.

Persons shall be liable to be prosecuted only once for the same Offence.

Limitation of Actions, three Months.

[General Issue.]

Venue.

[Treble Costs.]

43<- C. 83, 84.

4, a° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

Jrift Art 40 G. 3. c. 4. continued by 31 of this $ef-Jon') recited; whereby a Duty wai fronted on licences to Sel-kfri of Malt.

Shell Licences shall be granted by the Collectors of the Revenue in Ireland, and be in force till March 25 in each Year. Penalty on Per-ftftu (not Malt-Acts) felling Malt without Licence, 40l. PartnerRips may aft under one Licence, &c.

Duty may be levied by Distress, as that on Fire Hearths, under Irish Ad, j 7 & 18 C. 2. c. 18.

Persons forging, &c. Licences ilhall forfeit <>ol. and be subjectalfo to Penalties for Forgeiy under Xiifh Acts.

10 G. 3. c. 16.

11 G. 3. c. 42.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and three, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for regulating the Import, Export, and Sale of Coffee, and securing the Duties payable thereon/, and also for securing the Duties payable on Licences to Persons in Ireland, not being Maltsters or Makers of Malt, felling Malt by Commission or otherwise.

[22d June 1802.]

u Irish Act 37 G. 3. c. 52. (continued by various annual Acts, the iaft 40 G. 3. (I) c. 86.) further continued " till Sept. 29, 1803, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. $ 1."

II. 4 And whereas by an Act, made in Ireland in the fortieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act 4 I01" granting for one Tear the several Duties therein mentioned, in lieu of all other Duties payable upon the Articles.

therein jpecijted during the fata Term; and for regulating the Trade between this Kingdom and his Majesty's Colomss; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, a Duty of twenty Pounds is granted to his Majesty for and upon every Licence to any rerson, not being a Maltster or Maker of Malt, felling Malt by.Commission or ©therwife,

which Duty was to continue from the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and one; and which, by an Act made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued until and upon the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ttfo^4 and by an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing until the twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three % several Acts of the last Session of Parliament for continuing and granting Duties to his Majesty in Ireland, was further continued until and upon the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three: And whereas it is neceflhry to make Provision for iflbing the said.

Licences, and for securing the Duty payable thereon therefore be it further enacted, That the several Col-leftors of Kis Majesty8 Revenue in Ireland shall, upon Receipt of the Duty payable on such Licences as aforesaid, grant such Licence under their respective Hands, for each of which Licences there shall be taken by the Collector granting the fame, for his own Use, over and above the Duty payable thereon, a Fee of two Shillings and eight Pence Halfpenny; and the Store or Stores for keeping Malt, used or intended to be used by the Person or Persons taking out such Licence, shall be inserted therein, and every such Licence shall continue in.force until the twenty-fifth Day of March next after the granting thereof.

III. And be it enacted, That every Person, not being a Maltster or Maker of Malt, felling, Malt by Commission or otherwise, shall take out such Licence as aforesaid before he, she, or they shall fell or keep for Sale any Malt; and if any such Person as aforesaid shall fell or keep for sale any Malt without having such Licence as aforesaid in force, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Shm of forty Pounds.

IV. And be it enacted, That Persons in Partnership, and carrying on the Business of felling Malt as aforesaid, shall not be obliged to take out more than one Licence, provided that the Name of every Person in the Partnership be inserted in the Licence; and no one Licence mail authorize the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted, to keep Malt in any other Store or Stores than the Store or Stores described in the Licence to him, her, or them.

V. And be it enacted, That the respective Collectors of Excise in Ireland and the several Officers of Excise may, at any Time, with the Assistance of a Constable, in the Day Time, levy the Duty which ought to be paid by the several Persons remiired to take out such Licences as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Parties respectively in Default, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means as the Revenue arising from Fire Hearths is appointed to be levied in and by an Act, made in Ireland in the seventeenth and eighteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second? intituled, An additional Act for the better ordering and collecting the Revenue arising by Hearth Money.

VI. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall forge, or counterfeit, or alter any Licence for the Purpose aforesaid? or, in order to defraud his Majesty of the Duty aforesaid, shall produce as a true Licence any such forged, counterfeited, or altered Licence, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, and the other to him who shall prosecute or sue for the fame, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, in which Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and that every such Person shall moreover be subject to such other Pains and Penalties, as. may be inflicted on Persons for Forgery by the several Statutes of the Parliament of Ireland now in force for the Punishment of the same.

Penalties and Forfeitures may be recovered and applied, as under Irish Excise Act 14 and 15 C. 2. c. 8. — §7. Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §8."

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Aftr for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament j and for expediting the Proceedings relating thereto.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majestyx intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, certain Regulations were established, for a Time therein limited, for the Trials of controverted Election9* 4 or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament; And whereas by an Act, passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Ady made in the last Session of Parliament,

intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Eledioru, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C84v 437

14 G. 3. c. 15. 25G. 3.C. 84.

iS G. 3. c. 5*.

further Regulations wernnade* therein: Andwhercas the Provisions of the.laid Acts were, by an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reitm of his present Majesty, continued and made perpetual: And whereas by

an Act, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to limit the Dura*

tion of Polls and Scrutinies, and for making other Regulations touching tlx Elediun of Members to feme in Parliament,

for Places within England, and Wales, and for Berwick-upon-Tweed; and also for removing Difficulties which may arise for IVant of Returns beis*g made of Members to serve in Parliament, the rrovisions of the said Acts were ' extended, in the Manner therein mentioned, to Petitions complaining that no Return had been made to a Writ ' issued for the Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament* within the Times limited in the said Act, or that such Return was not a Return of a Member or Members, according to the Requisition of the

Writ r And whereas by an Act, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, certain other Regulations were made for the Execution of the above recited Acts, and for discouraging Persons from presenting frivolous or vexatious Petitions, or letting up frivolous or vexatious Defences,

4 in any of the Cases to which the said Acts relate, and for the final Decision of Questions respecting the Rights of voting at such Elections, or of nominating or appointing the Returning Officer or Returning Officers who are to preside thereat: And whereas it is expedient that further Regulations should be made for giving Dispatch to the Execution of certain Parts of the said several Acts )* be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after this present Session of Parliament, where two or more Petitions under and by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, are to be taken into Consideration by the House of Commons, on the same Day, it shall and may be lawful, after fnramon-ing the Members, and counting the House, in the Manner directed by the said recited Acts, to order all the Petitioners and other Parties, by themselves, their Cotmfd or Agents, to attend within the House at the same Time, before the Door shall be locked, and after the (.ill of forty-nine Names of the Members present hath been drawn by Lot, and completed, in order to form the first Committee, according to the Directions of the said recited Acts, it shall and may be lawful to proceed forthwith, and before the Door of the House shall be opened, except for the Purposes herein after mentioned, to draw by Lot, and complete in like Manner, out of the same Boxes or Glasses* another Lift of forty-nine Names of the remaining Members present, in order to form the second Committee, according to the said Directions; and in the same Manner to draw by Lot, and complete, successive Lists of forty-nine Names of the remaining Members present, in order to fm n the third and fourth, or such other Number of Committees as may be requisite for the Trial of such Petitions; and the select Committees for the Trial and Determination of such Petitions, and the Nominees ^hereto, shall then ieverally be appointed according to the Roles, Directions, and Regulations of the said recited Acts, in like Manner as if only one Lift of forty- m(lICCS 3, nine Names had then been formed- be icquifire;

which shall accordingly be severally appointed.

II. Provided always, that it shall not nor may be lawful to proceed, in Manner aforesaid, to form successive What Number Lifts, in order to form more than one of such Committees, unless one hundred and twenty Members shall be present in the House at the Time of counting the fame; nor to form successive Lifts in order to form more than two such Committees, unless two hundred Members shall then be present in the House; nor to form successive Lifts, in order to form more than three such Committees, unless two hundred and seventy Members shall then be present in the House; nor to form successive Lifts, in order to form more than four such Committees, unless three hundred and sixty Members shall then be present in the House; nor to form fuocessive Lifts, in order to form more than five such Committees, unless four hundred and sixty Members shall then be present in the House.

III. Provided always, That in case the House shall proceed, in Manner aforesaid, to form successive Lifts, in order to form two or more such Committees, and any Member whose Name is drawn shall be excused for some Reason which applies specially to any one Petition, the Name of such Member shall be returned into the Box or Glass from whence it has been taken, so that it may be again drawn by Lot upon any of the following Petitions.

Where Hro or more Petitions are to be taken into Confederation on the same Day all the Parties may be ordered to attend, and after the Lift of 49 Members it balloted to foi in the first Committee, the House shall immediately proceed to form successive Com-

ef Members shall be present

on forming such successive Committees.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if upon drawing out the Name of any Member by Lot upon one of such Petitions, the Petitioners or Sitting Members, or the Agents who shall have been ordered, under or by virtue of this Act, to attend within the House upon any other Petition, shall declare, that such Member is intended to be one of the two Nominees nominated by them respectively; and if such Member shall content to such Nomination, the Name of such Member so drawn shall be set aside, and another Member shall be drawn to supply his Place, to compete the Number of forty nine to be drawn by Lot.

V. Provided also, that if two or more such Petitions are to be taken into Consideration on the same Day, and it shall happen, by Reason that a sufficient Number of Members liable to serve are not present in the House, that successive Lifts cannot be formed, in Manner aforesaid, upon all such Petitions; yet the House may nevertheless

Proceed to form the List or Lists, and appoint the select Committee or Committees upon one or more of such 'ctitions, as far as they are enabled so to do by the Number of Members present, and may, after such Appointment, proceed to any other Business; and the Order or Orders for taking the remaining Petition or Petitions into Consideration shall be adjourned, as directed by the said recited Acts in Cases where Petitions cannoi be taken into Consideration on the Day appointed for Want of a sufficient Attendance.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Petitioners and other Parties, and their Counsel or Agents, to withdraw from the House as soon as the Lift of forty-nine Names shall have been drawn, in order to form the Committee for the Trial of such Petition respectively; and for the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee, to return the reduced Lift in the Time intervening between any two Ballots; and the Members remaining upon any of the said reduced Lifts, together with the two Members who shall be appointed as Nominees* shall be sworn at the Table* and shall be at Liberty forthwith to depart from the House.

Vi I. Pro-

Name* of Member excused lor Reason* applying specially to one Petition may Lc redrawn. Name* of Members intended lor and confenling to be Nominers Qiali be set aside.

Lifts may be

formed of one or ofsuccessive Committees, at fjr as the House is enabled by the Numbers piefent.

Parties may withdraw and 11 dm e Lifts be-isvrtrn two Ballou. and any v omm it tee being sworn may leave the lioule.

438 C. 84, 85. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

When there are

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That, when on a Complaint, by a Petition, of an undue Elec-moie than two tion or Rctum, there shall be more than two Parties before the House on distinct Intercils, or complaining or Committees shall complained of upon different Grounds, the thirteen Members returned to the House by virtue of the aforesaid notchoofeNo- Act passed in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, shall not choose their Nominees until all the minees under other select Committees to be ballotted for on that Day shall have been sworn: Provided also, that if two or 11 G. 3. c. 4a. more Committees shall be appointed on the same Day, to decide on any Petition whereon there shall be more CommuTees', erwo Part'C8 as aforesaid oefore the House, the Committee which shall have been first ballotted for shall

ballotted for are ^avc Preference in the Choice of Members to serve as Nominees.

sworn; and then in their Turns.

Committees

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Committee appointed for the Trial and Determination of

shall be attended any petition under and by virtue of the said recited Acts, and of this Act, shall or may be attended by a Person ^r*ter°11" well (killed in the Art of writing Short Hand, who shall be specially appointed by the Clerk of the House of Commons for the Time being, and sworn by the Chairman faithfully and truly to take down, in Short Hand, the Evidence adduced before the said Committee, and from Day to Day, as Occasion may require, to transcribe or cause the same to be transcribed in Words at Length, for the Use of the said Committee.

Continuance

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force two Years, and from thence till the End

of Act of the Session of Parliament next after the Expiration of the said two Years, and no longer.

[21 Jac. f. C. L2.J

1 r Sc it Gul. 3.

c. 12.

13 G. 3. c. 63.

14 G. 3. c. 15.

Offences committed by Persons employed in any publick Service abroad may be prufe-cuted in the Court of King*! Bench in England; and may be laid in Middlesex, and the Offenders pu-nished as if the Offences lud been committed in England, and also incapacitated.

The Court of King's Wench, on Motion, may award a Writ of Mandamus to any Court of Judicature, or the Governor, &c. of the Cuuntry where the OiTenec was ^committed to

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for the trying and punching in Great Britain Persons holding publick Employments, for Offences committed abroad; and for extending the Provisions of an Act, passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James, made for the Ease of Justices and others in pleading in Suits brought against them, to all Persons, either in or out of this Kingdom, authorized to commit to safe Custody.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS Persons holding and exercising publick Employments out of Great Britain often escape 4 W Punishment for Offences committed by them, for Want of Courts having a sufficient Jurisdiction, in or by reason of their departing from the Country or Place where such Offences have been committed, and that such Persons cannot be tried in Great Britain for such Offences as the Law now (lands, in as much as such

Offences cannot be laid to have been committed within the Body of any County: And whereas it is therefore expedient that such and the like Provisions as are contained in an Act, passed in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to punish Governors of Plantations of this Kingdom for Crimes by them committed in the Plantations, and in an Act, passed in the thirteenth ' Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing certain Regulations for tlse better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe, and in an Act, passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East, India Company, and of the British Pofffions in India, and for establishing a 4 Court of Judicature for the more speedy and cjfcdual Trial of Perfns accused of Offences committed in the East Indies,

should be extended and applied to the Punishment of such Offenders : May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Ptifon who now is, or heretofore has been, or shall hereafter be employed by or in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in any Civil or Military Station, Office, or Capacity out of Great Britain> or shall heretofore have hud, held, or exercised, or now has, holds, or exercises, or shall hereafter have hold, or extreife any publick Station, Office, Capacity, or Employment, out of Great Britain, shall have committed, or shall commit, or shall have heretofore been, or is, or shall hereafter be guilty of any Crime, Misdemeanor, or Offence, in the Execution, or under Colour, or in the Exercise of any such Station, Office, Capacity, or Employment as aforesaid, every such Crime, Offence, or Misdemeanor may be prosecuted or inquired of, and heard and determined in his Majesty's Court of King's Bench here in England, either upon an Information exhibited by his Majesty's Attorney General, or upon an Indictment found; in which Information or Indictment such Crime, Offence, or Milde-meanor may be laid and charged to have been committed in the County of Middlesex; and all such Persons so offending, and also all Persons tried under any of the Provisions of the said recited Act, passed in the Reign of King William aforesaid, or this Act, or either of them, for any Offence, Crime, or Misdemeanor, and not having been before tried for the same out of Great Britain, shall, on Conviction, be liable to such Punishment as may, by any Law or Laws now in force, or any Act or Acts that may hereafter be passed, be instifted for auv such Crime, Misdemeanor, or Offence committed in England, and shall also be liable, at the Discretion of his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, to be adjudged to be incapable of serving his Majesty in any Station, Office, or Capacity Civil or Military, or of holding or exercising any publick Employment whatever.

II. And be it further enacted, That 111 all Cases of Indictments found or Informations exhibited under and by virtue of this Act, it shall be lawful for his Majesty's said Court of King's Bench, upon Motion to be made, and such Notice thereof as to the said Court of King s Bench may appear to be sufficient, by or on Behalf of his Majesty's Attorney General or other Prosecutor, or of the Defendant or Defendants, to award at the Discretion of the said Court, a Writ or Writs of Mandamus to any Chief Justice and Judges, or any Chief Justice or other Judge Tingly for the Time being, of any Court or Courts of Judicature in the Country or Iftai.d, or near to the Place where the Crime, Offence, or Misdemeanor shall be charged in such Indictment or Information to have been committed, or to any Governor or Lieutenant Governor or other Person having any Chief Authority in such Country, Idand, or Place, or to any other Person or Persons redding there, as the CJe may require, and as to the said Court of King's Bench may, under all the Circumstances of the Case, seem most expedient

C.

A.D. 1802.

420 GEORGII IIt

C. 85.

439

pcdient for the Purpose of obtaining and receiving Proofs concerning the Matters charged in any such Indictment or Information; and the Person or Persons to whom such-Wnt or Writs shall be directed and sent, are hereby respectively authorized and required to hold a Court, Session, or Meeting, with all convenient Speed, for the Examination of Witnesses and receiving other Proofs concerning the Matters charged in such Indiftmei t or Information respectively, and in the mean Time to cause publick Notice to be given of the holding the said Court, Session, or Meeting, and to issue such Summons or other Process as may be requisite for the Attendance of Witnesses, and to adjourn from Time to Time as Occasion may require; and fixh Examination or Examinations shall be then and there openly and puMickly takeu viva voce in the said Court, Session, or Meeting, upon Quo (I ions put by any such Prosecutor or Prosecutors, Defendant or Defendants, or any Agent or Agents, Person or Persons on Behalf of the said Actorney General or other Prosecutor or Prosecutors, and Defendant or Defendants respectively, if any such shall attend for that Purpose, and by the Court, Person or Persons to whom such Writ shall be dir-sted and sent as aforesaid, upon the respective Oaths of Witnesses, and the Oaths of (kflful Interpreters if necessary, administered according to the Forms of their several Religions, and shall, by some Officer or Person sworn for that Purpose, be reduced into Writing on Parchment or Paper; and in cale any Duplicate or Duplicates shall be required by or on Behalf of the Prosecutor, or the Defendant or Defendants respectively, into two or more Writings on Parchment or Paper, as the Case may require; and such Examination or Examinations shall be sent to his Majesty in his Court of King's Bench cloftd up, and under the Seal or Seals of the Person or Persons before whom such Examination or Examinations as aforesaid shall have been taken; and the Person or Persons taking such Examination or Examinations as aforesaid shall deliver the same to any Person or Persons appointed by the said Court of King's Bench to receive the same, or shall.transmit the same in such Manner as the said Court of King's Bench shall direct; and all such Examinations shall, with all convenient Speed, be delivered to one of the Clerks in Court of his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, in the Crown Office of the said Court, for the safe Custody thereof; and every Clerk in the said Court of King's Bench, to whom any Examination or Examinations shall be delivered, is hereby authorized to administer an Oath to the Person delivering the same to him, in such Form as the said Court of King's Bench shall direct; and such Examination or Examinations shall be allowed and read upon the Trial of any such Indictment or Information, or any other subsequent Proceeding thereon or relating thereto, and shall be deemed as good and competent Evidence as if the Witness or Witnesses, whose Examination or Examinations shall be so read, had been present, and sworn, and examined viva voce, at such Trial, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding, saving all just Exceptions to be taken to any such Examination or Examinations or any Part thereof when the same shall be offered to be read as aforesaid; and all Persons concerned shall be entitled to take Copies of such Examinations in the Custody of such Clerk in Court at their own Costs and Charges.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall also be lawful for the said Court of King's Bench upon Motion to be made, and such Notice thereof as aforesaid, by or on Behalf of his Majesty's Attorney General, or other Prosecutor, or Defendant or Defendants in any such Indictment or Information, to order an Examination de bene else of Witnesses upon Interrogatories, in any Case where the viva voce Testimony of such Witnesses cannot conveniently be had, to be taken before an Examiner to be appointed by the said Court* and the Depoli-tions taken upon such Interrogatories shall be afterwards admitted to be rehd in Evidence upon the Trial of such Indictment or Information, or in any other subsequent Proceeding thereon or relating thereto, and shall be deemed good and sufficient.Evidence in the Law, saving all just Exceptions to be taken to such Depositions when the same shall be offered to be read as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to whom any such Writ or Writs of Mandamus shall be directed, or Order sent as aforesaid; and in case the same shall be directed or sent to more than one Person, for so many of them as shall for that Purpose be appointed by the said Writ, or required by the said Order, and who shall act in the Execution thereof, and such Person and Persons is and are hereby respectively authorized and required, to administer all Oaths required to be taken under any of the Provisions of this Act, or necessary for the due Execution of any such Writ or Order, or any Act, Matter, or Thing relating thereto, and to examine upon Oath all Persons whom he or they find Occasion to summon, and all other Persons whom he or they shall think fit to examine, touching all Matters and Things necessary for the due Execution of any such Writ or Order as aforesaid; and such Person and Persons respectively, to whom such Writ shall be directed, or Order sent as aforesaid, or so many of them as shall in that Behalf be appointed, and shall act in the Execution thereof as aforesaid, shall have full Power and Authority to compel the Appearance and giving Evidence of any Witness upon any such Writ or Order, and to issue Special Summons or other Process for that Purpose, and may proceed upon such Summons, or other Process, by Imprisonment of the Body of any Person refuting to appear or give Evidence, in like Manner as any Court or Courts of Record within this Kingdom, having competent Authority for that Purpose, may proceed against any Person or Persons for any Contempt committed against the Authority of any such Court.

V. And be it further enacted, That iu case any Person or Persons in the Course of his, her, or their Examination upon Oath, under and by virtue of the (jpid recited Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty, or this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, ana is and are hereby declared to be, subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties, as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury shall be liable to by any Law or Laws then in force in the Kingdom, Kland, or Place where such false Evidence shall have been given as aforesaid.

VI. And whereas it is expedient to extend the Provisions of an Act, passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King James the First, intituled, An Act to enlarge and make perpetual the Act made for - Ease in pleading against iroublefome and contentious Suit*prosecuted against justices of the Peace, Mayors, ConJlabUsy

and certain other his Majesty's Officers* for the lawful Execution of their Office, made in the seventh Tear of his Ma-

ft happy Reigrtf to all Persons who may by Law commit to safe Custody, either in or out of this

Kingdom; '

obtain Proofs of the Matters charged; which shall be dnne by viva voce Evidence, and the Examinations shall be transmitted to the Court of King's Rench, and admitted on the Trial, &c.

Court of King's Bench may order an Examination on Interrogatories de bene efle, where viva voce Evidence caouot be had.

Persons to whom such Writs of Mandamus shall be directed, empowered to do all Things necessary for the due Execution thereof by compelling the Appearance and Testiroony of Witnesses, &c.

Persons giving false Evidence (either under 14 G. 3. c. 25, or this Act, ) subject to Penalties of Petjuiy. 2i Jac, 1. c. 12.

The ProieAioir of recited Act extended to Personx having publick. Employment, in or out of the Kingdom, being by Lave empowered to commit Perforrs Jo safe Cuttudy.

Act ions brought against them for Things done out of this Kingdom, may be laid in West miiilter. Zee.

[21 H. 8. < X3-J

Recital of c. 30 of this Session,

(continuing AiG.y.(U.K\) c. 102.)

13 Eliz. c. 20.

41 G. 3. c. 102. shall continue in force till April 8, 1803.

Proceedings under 13 EHz. c. 20. in Actions brought previous to April 8, 1803, shall be stayed on Application to the Court, Zee. The Provisions of that Act -elating to making void Leases for Non-residence suspended.

Recital of Indenture of Dein ife to K. Geo. 2. 'dated April 5,

1/^9*

0/85, 86, 87. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

Kingdom; be it tfifcrcforc enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act, and all the Provisions therein contained shall extend, and be deemed, taken, and construed to extend to all Persons having, holding, or exercising, or being employed in, or who may hereafter have, hold, or exercise, or be employed in any publick Employment, or any Office, Station, or Capacity, either Civil or Military, either in or out of thi6 Kingdom; and who under and by virtue, or in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament, Law or Laws, or lawful Authority within this Kingdom, or any Act or Acts, Statute or Statutes, Ordinance or Ordinances, or Law or Laws, or lawful Authority in any Plantation, Island, Colony, or foreign Possession of his Majesty, now have or may hereafter have, by virtue of any such publick Employment, or such Office,

' Station, or Capacity, Power or Authority to commit Persons to safe Custody 3 and all such Persons, having such Power or Authority as aforesaid, shall have and be entitled to all the Privileges, Benefits, and Advantages, given by the Provisions of the said Act as fully and effectually, to all Intents ana Purposts, as if they had been 'ipccially named therein: Provided always, That where any Action, Bill, Plaint, or Suit upon the Case, Trespass, Battery, or false Imprisonment, shall be brought against any such Person asjs in tins Act described as aforesaid, in this Kingdom, for or upon any Act, Matter, or Thing done out of this Kingdom, it shall be lawful for the Plaintiff bringing the same to lay such Act, Matter, or Thing, to have been done in Westminster, or in any County where the Person against whom any such Action, Bill, Plaint, or Suit, shall be brought, shall then reside; any Thing in this Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act: to continue, until the eighth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament for saying Proceedings in Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth for abridging Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of Livings, and of taking of Perms? and also to flay Proceedings in Actions under an Act of the thirteenth Year of Queen Elizabeth, touching Leases of Benefices, and other EcclftaJHcal Livings, with Cure, [a2d June 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, until the twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, an Act, made in the lad Sejfwn of Parliament, intituled, An Act toJlay, until the twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, Pro*

ceedings in Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, for abridging Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of Livings, and from taking of FermsAnd whereas it is expedient that all such Proceedings*should be stayed for a further Period of Time: And whereas an Act, passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act touching Leases of Benefces, and other Ecclesiafiiccd Livings, with Cure: And whereas it is expedient that all Proceedings and Actions thereon, and also all the Provisions of of the said Act relating to the making void any Lease, should also be suspended be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and u'ith the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, passed in the forty-first Year of the Reign of hie present Majesty, intituled, An Act to Jlay, until the twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two. Proceedings in Aftjpns under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, for'

abridging Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of Livings, and from taking of Ferms? shall remain and continue in full Force until the eighth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three; and that all Proceedings which shall have been, and which may hereafter be stayed under the said recited Act, and the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, and this Act, shall remain and continue flayed until the said eighth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant in any Action already commenced, or which shall be commenced, for any Penalty or Forfeiture under the said Act of her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, previous to the eighth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three, to apply to the Court in which such Action shall be brought, during the Sitting of such Court, or to any Judge of such Court during Vacation, to flay Proceedings in such Action; and such Court and such Judge respectively are hereby required to flay such Proceedings accordingly, until the said eighth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three; and all and every the Provisions of the said last recited Act relating to the making void any Lease by reason of any Non-residence, shall be, and the same are hereby suspended until the said eighth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Ireland for the Time being, to fell, lease, convey, or dispose of the Parliament House in the City of X>w3-lit 1, and all the Premises and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS by Indenture bearing Date the fifth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and twentyVV nine, made or mentioned to be made between the Right Honourable Benjamin Parry of the City of Dublin, Esquire, one of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council of the Kingdom of Ireland, of the one Part; and his most Sacred Majesty George the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland King, Dtfender of the Faith, and so forth, of the other Part; the said Benjamin Parry, for the (2oniiderations therein mentioned, did demise, grant, set, and to farm let unto his said Majesty, and his Successors, all that Parcel of Ground in the Suburbs of the City of Dublin whereon the House commonly called Chichrfirr House flood, and wherein both Houses of Parliament then lately fat, and all Houses, Messuages, Outhouses,

Yards,

c.

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 87.

441

Irish A^i,

3 G, c. 8.

7 G. 2. c. 7. [§ 7, &c.]

Yards, Backsides, Courts, and Parcels of Ground, in a Survey to the said Lease annexed, particularly laid

down and described, together with all and singular the Lights, Ways, Easements, Rights, Members, and

Appurtenances to all and singular the said demised Premises belonging, or in anywise appertaining, to have

and to hold all and singular the said thereby demised Premises, or meant, mentioned, or intended to be thereby

demised, with their and every of their Appurtenances, unto his said Majesty and his Successors, without Iin-

peachment of Waste, for and during, and to the full End, T£rm, Time, and Space of nine thousand Years,

from the thirtieth Day of April last pail before the Date thereof, and from thenceforth fully to be compleat

and ended; his said Majesty and his Successors, yielding and paying therefore and thereout, yearly and every

Year during the said Term, unto the said Benjamin Parry, his Heirs and Assigns, the Rent in and by the said 'Indenture reserved: And whereas certain other Grounds, Houses, Tenements, and Appurtenances mentioned in an Act, made by the Parliament of Ireland in the third Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to purchase in the respective Interesls of the several Persont entitled to the Houses and Grounds adjoining to the new Parliament House; and in another Act, made by the Parliament of Ireland in the seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for continuing several temporary Statutes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, did under and ' by virtue of the said recited Acts, and of certain Proceedings authorized by the fame, become vested in his said late Majesty King George the Second, his Heirs and Successors; and all the Premises herein-before meirtioned are now vested in his present Majesty, his Heirs and Successors: And whereas under and by virtue of several Acts made in the Parliament of Ireland, divers Sums of Money were from Time to Time granted to

the Commissioners appointed for making wide and convenient Passages through the City of Dublin, towards

purchasing certain Houses and Grounds for the Purposes of widening the Approaches to the said Parliament House, great Part of which said Houses and Grounds adjoining or lying near to the said Parliament House still

remain vested in the said Commissioners, under and by virtue of the said Acts or some of them: And whereas

all the said Premises may, with great publick Advantage be converted into Offices, Apartments, and Premises, for transacting the Business of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland; and the said Gover-

nor and Company of the said Bank of Ireland, have offered to pay the Sum of forty thousand Pounds Irish Currency, for the Purchase of all the said Premises, subject to all such Rents and Charges as the same are liable to, such Purchase Money to be applied in Manner herein after mentioned; and his Majesty hath been

graciously pleased to consent that the said Premises shall be so appropriated; and his Majesty is therefore

pleased and contented that the same be enabled accordingly be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and singular the Premises herein-before particularly mentioned and described, and all Edifices, Erections, and Buildings whatsoever, now Handing and being thereon, or on any Part thereof, with their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, whatsoever, which by the said recited Indenture and Acts of Parliament, or otherwise howsoever, were veiled or intended to be vested in his said late Majesty King George the Second, and which are now vested in his present Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and also all such Grounds, Buildings, Messuages, and Tenements, with their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, as were heretofore used or employed as and for both or either Houses of the parliament of Ireland, and for Offices for the Use of such Houses, or whereof or wherein his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or any Person or Persons in Trull for him or them, now have or hath, or can or may have any Ellate or Interest, and also all such Lands, Grounds, Buildings,

Messuages, and Tenements, situate, Handing, lying, or being within the Precincts of the said Parliament House, and which, under and by virtue, or in pursuance of any Act or Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, have become or now' are vested in the said Commissioners for making wide and convenient Passages through the City of Dublin, with their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, and all and every of the said Premises shall be veiled in, and the same are hereby vested in the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland\ now' or for the Time being, to the Intent that all and every the said Premises may be bargained and fold, or leased, disposed of, or applied in Manner herein after mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners Treasury es of his Majesty's Treasury for Irclandy or any three of them, now or for the Time being, to treat, contra^, and agree with the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, for the Sale or for the leafing of rojfes*[0^all the Ellate, Right, Title, or Interest in or to all and every the Premises so by this Act vested in the said Bank of Ireland Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the said Treasury of Ireland, now or for the Time being, as aforesaid, at and for the Price or Sum of forty thousand Pounds Irish Currency, subject to all such Rents and Charges

The Premises described in iht i t r ited Indenture and Adh, and also all Buildings, &c. used for the Houses of Parliament of Iceland, See. or within the Precincts thereof* verted in the Treasury of Ire-and.

a3 the said Premises are liable to; and that upon the executing such Contrafts or Agreements by the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Ireland\ or any three of them, now or for the Time being, or upon executing such other Conveyances, Surrenders, or Demifea as in such Contract or Contracts shall be agreed upon for that Purpose, and upon Payment of the said Sum of forty thousand Pounds Irish Currency, at such Time or Times as shall be agreed on, to the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, now or for the Time being, or into the Hands of such Person or Persons as shall be for that Purpose appointed by the said Lord High Treasurer, or by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three of them, now or for the Time being, to be applied and disposed of according to the Directions of* this present Act, such Conveyances, Assignments, and Demises shall be good and effectual in the Law tp all Intents and PtirpofeS whatsoever; and shall tully acquit and discharge the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland and their Successors, as against his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and against all and every other Person or Persons claiming or to claim, by, from, under, or in Trull for him; and as against the said Commissioners, foi4 making w ide and convenient Passages through the City of Dublin, and all and every Person and Persons claiming 42 Geo. III. 3 L or

for40, ooooJ.Irith Currency, subject to such Rents as the Premif's are now liable &c.

A.D. 180z.

442

fnotwithstandinf Restri£lion in Irish A A 21 Sc % % G. 3. c. 16.

Bank, after Redemption of their own Funds, may continue a Corporation for enjoying or derailing said Premises.

The Money arising by such Sale Bull be applied by the said Treasury as Parlia-jnent Bull direct.

General Saving.

Said Treasury indemnified for Things done in pursuance of this A A. Limitation of Actions, three Months.

Venue.

[General Issue.]

Con ft ruction

fAa.

|&e ante, cap.5 Kjo Of this

S'J/ion].

Kumber of Forces, 70, 299

C. 87, 88. 42° GEORGII III.

or to claim, by, from, tinder, or in Trust for them or any of them; and as agaraft the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury of Inland* now or for the Time being, or any of them, ana all and every Person and Persons claiming or to claim by, from, under, or in Trust for them or any of them; any Re-ftridion or other Matter or Thing contained in an Act, made by the Parliament of Ireland* in the Session held in the twenty-first and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, an Act for ejlahlijhinr a Bank by the Name of Thc Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland* or any other Law or Statute, DiU ability or Incapacity, Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; So as by such Contract, Conveyance, or Demise, some or one of them, a good and sure Estate and Interest of and in the said Premises, and every of them, be conveyed and allured to or for the Use of, or in Trust for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland* in such Manner that the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, may have and enjoy the Benefit of the Came Premises for and during the whole Term and Estate of and in the said Premises hereby vested in the said Commissioners of the Treafunr, or Lord High Treasurer of Ireland* now or for the Time being, in as full, large, ample, and beneficial Manner and Form as the said Premises might have been given, conveyed, settled, or allured, if the said recited Act of the twenty-first and twenty-second Years of his present Majesty's Reign had never been had nor made.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland and their Successors, notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any of their own Funds in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the fame, or any of them, shall continue a Corporation for the Purpose of enjoying or conveying, assigning or demifing the several Premises to be purchased by them in pursuance of this Act, and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland* or any Member thereof, shall not incur any Disability for or by reason of their so doing.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money arising by such Sales or Contracts, or by any Conveyances, Assignments, or Demises made in pursuance thereof, of the said Premises so by this Act vested in the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland now or for the Time being as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, shall and may be issued, applied, and appropriated by the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to and for such Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as shall and may be directed and declared by any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this present Session of Parliament, or to be passed in any subsequent Session of Parliament; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of his Majesty, s Treasury of Ireland* or any three of them, now or for the Time being, to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants from Time to Time for the Payment and Application of such Sum and Sums to and for such Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and to and for no other Use, In7 tent, or Purpose what foe ver.

V. Saving always to all and every Person and Persons, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and all Bodies Politick and Corporate, and their Successors, (other than and except the King's most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and other than and except any Perfoji or Persons seized or possessed in Trust for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and other than and except the said Commissioners for making wide and convenient Passages through the City of Dublin*) all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, and Demand whatsoever, which they or any of them have or might have had, of, in, to, or out of the said Premises, by this Act vested in the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer of Ireland* or any Part thereof, before the making of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for Ireland* now or for the Time being, and all and every other Person and Persons authorized by him or them, or any three of them, to do any Ad in Execution of any of the Powers intended to be hereby vested in them respectively as aforesaid, are and mail be hereby indemnified for what they shall do in pursuance of this Act; and that if any Action shall be brought or Suit commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to any of the Premises herein-before mentioned, every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought within three Calendar Months after the Fad committed; and such Action shall be laid in the City of Dublin, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may be at Liberty to plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, without specially pleading the lame; and this Act, and every Clause and Matter therein contained, shall, by all and evciy Judge and other Person and Persons, be construed and adjudged, as largely and beneficially as can be, for the Ends and Purposes of this Act.

[Publick Act.]

§ 7."

CAP. LXXXVin.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. [and June 1802.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a Handing Army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Time of Peace, unless it be with the Consent of Parliament, is against Law: And whereas it is judged necessary by his Majesty, and this present Parliament, that a Body of Forces should be continued for the Safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of the Possessions of his Majesty's Crown, and the Preservation of the Balance of Power in Europe; and that the whole Number of such Forces Should confill of seventy thousandtwo hundred and ninety-nine effectice Men: And whereas during the late War in which his Majesty has been engaged, some Part of his Majesty's Forces exceeding the Number aforesaid, has been employed in distant Parts beyond the Seas, which must render the Time when such Forces may return Home uncertain,

443

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 88, 89.

some of which are intended to be broken, and other* reduced a* soon after such Arrival a* conveniently may

be: And whereas no Man can be forejudged of Life or Limb, or subjected in Time of Peace to any Kind of Punishment within this Realm, by Martial Law, or in any other Manner than by the Judgment of his Peers, and according to the known and euabliftied Laws of this Realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite, for the

retaining all the before-mentioned Forces in their Duty, that an exact Discipline be observed, and that Solr diers who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert his Majesty's Service, be brought to a more exemplary - and speedy Punishment than the usual Forms of the Law will allow be it therefore enacted, &c.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his Majesty may, from Time to Time, grant a Commission, under the Royal Sign Manual, for the holding of General Courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in like Manner as has been heretofore used; and that his Majesty may likewise, from Time to Time, by his Royal Commission, empower the Chief Governor or Governors of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, the Governor of Gibraltar, and the Governor of any of his Majesty3 Dominions beyond the Seas respectively, or the Person or Persons there commanding in Chief his Majesty's Forces for the Time being, and may also, from Time to Time, extend his Royal Warrant to the Commander of the Forces in that rart of the said United Kingdom called Ireland; and to any General Officer having the Command of a Body of his Majesty's Forces within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in any of his Majesty's Dominions, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, or to the General Officer commanding such Body of Forces for the Time being, empowering them respectively to appoint General Courts-martial, as well as to authorize any Officer under their respective Command, not below the Degree of a Field Officer, to convene General Courts-martial, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Forces under their several Command; all which Courts-martial shall be constituted, and shall regulate their Proceedings according to the several Provisions herein after specified.

XVI. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Judge-advocate, or Person officiating as such at any General Court-martial; do, and he is hereby required to transmit, with as much Expedition as the Opportunity of Time and Distance of Place can admit, the original Proceedings and Sentence of such Court-martial to the Judge-advocate General in London, unless such Court-martial shall have been appointed in Ireland, in which case they shall be transmitted to the Judge Advocate General for that Part of the United Kingdom, in Dublin; and the said original Proceedings and Sentences are to be carefully kept and preserved in their respective Offices, to the End that the Persons entitled thereto may be enabled, upon Application to such Offices respectively, to obtain Copies thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for bringing Offenders against such Articles of War to Justice, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to erect and commute Courts-martial, as well as to grant his Royal Commissions or Warrants to the Persons and in the Manner herein-before mentioned and expressed for convening and authorizing others to convene Courts-martial; with Power to try, hear, and determine, any Crimes or Offences by such Articles of War, and to inflict Penalties by Sentence or Judgment of the same, as well within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the Klands thereto belonging, as in his Majesty's Garrison of Gibraltar, and in any of his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, or elsewhere beyond the Seas.

Commencement and Continuance of this Act in Great Britain, from 24th June 1802, until 25th March 44 1803: In Ireland from 30th June 1802, until 1st April 1803: In Jersey, &c. from 31st July 1802, until 44 1st May 1803: In Gibraltar, See. from 24th March 1803, until 25th March 1804. $ 90."

XCI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act, so far as relates to the Allowances to be made for the quartering of Soldiers and providing for their Horses, or for the Provision of Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, and Men, may be altered and varied by any Act or Acts to be made in this Sciuon of Parliament. '

£/ji all other Respects this Act is precisely the same as the Mutiny Ad, 41 G. 3, (.U* K.) o* I i.J

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments in Trustees, for promoting the Service of his Majesty's Ordnance at Woolwich.

[22d June 1&02.J

WHEREAS it is expedient for promoting the Service of his Majesty's Ordnance at Woolwich, to extend and enlarge the Premises occupied and employed in the said Service, and for that Purpose, to purchase the Lands herein after mentioned: And whereas the said Lands are or may be the Estates of Infants, Femet-Covert, Trustees, or other Persons who by Law are, disabled to make any Contrafts or Conveyances; c in all which Cases, as likewise when any Owmer or other Person entitled to or interested in the fame, designing to obstruct the public Service, or to make any unreasonable Gain to themselves, infill on extravagant Rates, it*will be necessary to have Recourse to the same Methods that have been taken in Cases of the like Nature: 9to the End therefore, that the true and real Value of the said Estates may be ascertained, and the Owners and9Proprietors thereof may have a just and reasonable Satisfaction for the same; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all that Piece or Parcel of Land called Common Lane Field, containing by Admeasurement, seven Acres one Rood and twenty Perches, or thereabouts, and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land called Callas's Field, containing by

3 L 2.Admeasurement,

The King rosy grant a Commit, /ton for holding Courts- martial. Scc. and may empower the Chief Governor, See. of Iicland, and the Governor of Gibraltar, ice. to appoint Corn U- martial.

Original Proceedings, ice. of Courts-martial shall be transmitted to the Judge-advocate General in London, or Dublin respectively.

His Majesty empowered to con-ftilute, and 10 authorize others to convene. Courts martial#

Act, in Parr, may be altcied this Session. [See emp 10S.]

The Premiset

herein deferihed, fltaJI he verted in frurteta lor

i!ic Owners, itn-111 ihe line: 'its therein shall he determined, and Purrkafe Money pid.

The Compen fa-tion for said Premises shall he paid out of the next Aids.

Admeasurement, five Acres three Roods and fourteen Perches, or thereabouts; and also all that other Piece or Pared of Land called The Twelve Acres, containing by Admeasurement, twelve Acres two Roods and thirty Perches, or thereabouts; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land called The Further Five Acres, containing by Admeasurement, five Acres and nineteen Perches, or thereabouts; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land called Wood's Barn Field, containing by Admeasurement, five Acres two Roods and nine Perches, or thereabouts; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land called The Rujfs % containing by Admeasurement, fourteen Acres three Roods and nine Perches, or thereabouts; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land called The Horse Close, containing by Admeasurement, seven Acres two Roods and twenty-nine Perches, or thereabouts; and also all that small Slip of Land planted with Firs, also called The Ruffs, containing by Admeasurement, three Roods and thirty-nine Perches, or thereabouts; and also all that other small Slip of Land, Part of a Piece of Land called Wood Piece near the Bam, containing by Admeasurement, two Roods and four Perches or thereabouts; and also all that private Road or Lane lying between the several Pieces of Land herein-before described, and the West End of the Barrack Field; all which said several Pieces or Parcels of Land and Lane are the Property of Jol.m Bowater Esquire, and are abutted and bounded as follows; (that is to say), on the East by the said Field called the Barrack Field, on the South by Woolwich Common, on the West by Land belonging to Lady Wilson, and on the North by other Lands belonging to the said John Bowater; and are all, (except the said private Road or Lane, ) in the Tenure of Samuel Hardin, but Possession thereof hath been lately taken by the Principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance, for his Majesty's Use, by and with the Consent of the said John Bowater and Samuel Hardin reflectively; and also all that the said Field or Piece or Parcel of Land called The Barrack Field9 formerly confiding of seven Closes or Pieces of Land belonging to the said John Bowater, and containing by Admeasurement, fifty-three Acres two Roods and twenty-six Perches, or thereabouts, now in the Tenure and Occupation of the said Principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance, and also all and every the Buildings, Conduits, Leaden Pipes, and Watercourses now (landing and being in or upon, or running through the said last mentioned Field, or any Part thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the Right Honourable Charles Abbot, Sir Edward Knatchbull Baronet, and Filmer Honey wood Esquire, their Heirs and Assigns, in Trust, nevertheless for such Person or Persons as at or immediately before the Time of making this Act are or were the several and respective Owners thereof, acccording to their several Estates and Interests in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, until such Estates and Interests shall be respectively adjudged and determined, and until the Purchase Monies for the fame, that shall be agreed upon or a Helled as the true Value thereof, shall be paid; and that the said Purchase Monies shall be paid and applied to such and the same Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as the said Estates and Interests so vested in the above-mentioned Trustees were limited and settled previous to the passing of this Act, so far as the Rules of Law will allow thereof; and that in the mean Time the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments shall be paid and applied by the said Trustees to such Person or Persons as were entitled to the fame, and in such Proportions as the same were payable pie«* vious to the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Compensation and Satisfaction aa shall be agreed upon, or shall be found by the Verdfel of a Jury, for and in respect of the Lands and Hereditaments hereby veiled, shall be made to all and every Person and Persons out of the next Aids to be granted by Parliament.

" His Majesty may appoint, by Letters Patent, Commissioners to hear and determine Claims made to the " said Premises. Commissioners shall proceed by Evidence of Witnesses, Inspection of Deeds, &c. or (if required by the Parties) by a Jury of twelve to determine Titles and the Value of Premises. All Judgments " and decrees shall be certified into the Chancery and Exchequer, and laid before Parliament, §3. Bodies " politick, Trustees, Tenants in Tail, &c. empowered to contraA; and all Contradls and Sales between them " and the Commissioners in respect of the said Premises, shall be valid. On Persons, See. declining to treat, " See. the Value of Premises, shall be assessed by a Jury, §4. Warrant shall be issued to the Sheriff of Kent " for iummoninga Jury. Fine on Sheriff, his Officers, and Jurymen neglecting their Duty, from 201. to 101. " may be imposed by Commissioners, §5. Inquest may be adjourned in Default of a sufficient Number of " Jurymen attending, §6. Twelve shall be sufficient to take Inquest, §7. Fourteen Days Notices of In-" quell shall be given, §8. On Payment of the Purchase Money agretd for or assessed, Premises shall veil " in the Trustees for the Use of his Majesty, §9. Tithes, Land Tax, and other Rates on the Premises, shall u be paid by the Storekeeper of the Ordnance at Woolwich Warren, &c. §10. Commissioners shall not be liable to Penalties of Stat. 25 Car. 2. c. 2. 1 Gul. Sc Mar. c. 8. 13 & 14 Gul. 3. c. 6. and l G. I. c. 13 — 44 $ 11. Nor disqualified from fitting in the House of Commons, §12."

CAP. XC.

An Act for amending the Laws, relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia,

[26th June 1802.]

WHEREAS a respectable Military Force, under the Command of Officers possessing landed Property',

*, within Great Britain, is essential to the Constitution; and the Militia, as by Law eilablifiied, through

its constant Readiness on short Notice for effectual Service, has been found of the utmost Importance to tho internal Defence of this Realm: And whereas it is necessary, for the better fulfilling the Purposes of the Institution of the Militia, that the Numbers thereof to be raised and kept in constant Readiness for effectual Service within Great Britain should be augmented: And whereas the Laws now in force for regulating the Militia require Amendmcut; and it is expedient that many of the Provikons contained in the several relating to

7 ' the

445

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 90.

1 the same should be repealed, and others of them continued and amended, and that new Provisions should be

made; and it would greatly tend to the better Execution thereof if the Whole of the said Provisions were

comprised in one Act of Parliament: And whereas it is necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, that certain Acts and Parts of Acts now in force should be repealed; be it therefore evaded by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England; and also so much of an Act, yalTed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to provide for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving therein; and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty six th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, ' as relates to Bounties to be paid to Militia Men whose Terms of Service are prolonged; and also an Act, passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Royal Corps of Artillery, and providing seafaring Men for the Service of the Navy out of the Private Men now

serving in the Militia; and to amend an Act, passed in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and reducing into one Act of Parliament the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England; and also two several Acts, passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to the Supplementary Militia; and also an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable his Majjly to order out a certain Proportion of the Supplementary Militia; and to provide for the necessary Augmentation of Men in the several Companies of the Militia, by incorporating the Supplementary Militia therewith; and also another Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Number of Field Officer and other Officers of Militia; and for making other Provisions concerning the Militia Forces of this Kingdom; and also an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the lleign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend two Acts, passed in the twenty sixth and thirty seventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Militia of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey; and for applying certain Monies remaining in the Hands of the Clerks to the Deputy Lieutenants of the County of Middlesex, and other Persons, towards the completing of the said Militia; and also another Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year aforesaid, intituled, An Act for the Reduction of the Militia Forces, at the Times and in the Manner therein limited; for enabling his Majesty more effectually to increase his Regular Forces for the vigorous Prosecution of the IVar; and for amending the Laws relating to the Militia; and also another Act, passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers from the Militia, under certain Restrictions; and also another Act, passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate, until the twenty ffth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, the Number of private Militia Men in the several Counties, Ridings, and Places therein mentioned; and for Japplying of Vacancies in the Militia; shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and that the Militia raised by virtue of the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be subject to all the Provisions and Regulations thereof: Provided always, that the repealing of the said several Acts hereby repealed, or any or either of them, shall not affect any Commission of Lieutenancy, or any other Commission already granted under or by virtue of the said Acts, or any or either of them, but that all such Persons to whom any such Commissions shall have been granted, shall and may ad in the Execution of this Act, in like Manner as they might have acted in the Execution of the said former Acts, or any or either of them: Provided also, that so many of the Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, and Private Militia Men as are now serving for the several Counties, Ridings, and Places aforesaid, shall be liable and continue to serve in the same Manner and for the same Length of Time as they ought to have served if this Act not been made; and from Time to Time in every Case where it shall be necessary to supply any Deficiency in the Number of Private Militia Men of any County, Riding, or Place, the Man or Number of Men required to supply such Deficiency shall be raised, provided, and enrolled, and shall serve, in the Manner and for the Time directed by and under and according to the Provisions, Rules, and Regulations of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty may and shall, from Time to Time, constitute and appoint Lieutenants for the Counties, Ridings, and Places bercin-after mentioned; and the several Lieutenants so appointed shall have full Power and Authority, and are hereby required, to call together, arm, array, and cause to be trained and exercised, such Persons, and in such Manner, as is herein after dirtded, once in every Year; and the said Lieutenants severally shall from Time to Time constitute and appoint such Persons as they shall think fit, being qualified a3 herein after is directed, and living within their respective Counties, Ridings, and Places, to be their Deputy Lieutenants (the Names of such Persons paving been first presented to and approved by his Majesty J, and shall also appoint a proper Number of Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors, and other Officers, qualified as herein after directed, to train, difeipunc, and command the Persons to be so armed and arrayed according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions i.erein-after mentioned, and shall certify to iiis Majesty the Names and Ranks of all such Officers so to he appointed; and i: i case his Majesty shall, within fourteen Days after such Certificate shall have been laid before him, signify his Disapprobation of any of the Persons so to be appointed, it shall not be lawful for the said Lieutenants to grant a Commission to any Person so disapproved, but Commissiona shall be granted to all such Persons who shall not be disapproved by his Majesty; and the Officers so appointed for the Militia, to be armed and arrayed as herein after directed, shall rank with the Officers of his Majesty's Regular Forces as your.gelt of their Rank.

III. And be it further enacted, That when the Lieutenant of any County, Riding, or Place, fl ail he out of the Kingdom of Great Britain, or wucq there shall be no Lieutenant, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to

authorize

The following Arts and Pans of Arts relating to Militia, repealed, viz.

26 G. 3. c. 107.'

G. 3. c. 8.

(§ "0

35 G. 3. c. 83.

37 G 3.cc.

3. 22.

3* G. 3. c. 18.

38 G. 3. c. 55.

39 G. 3, c. 90.

39 G. 3. c. rclu

39 & 40 G. 3.

c. 1.

42 G. 3. c. i*.

Militia raised under 26 G. 3. c. 107, subjects ted to Regulations of this Act. Commissions and Service, &c. shall continue as under foimer Arts.

Future Deficiencies shall be supplied under this Art*

HisMajesty shall appoint Lieutenants of Counties, who shall call out Militia yearly, and may appoint Deputy Lieutenants and Officers, whose iNanoes shall be certified to his Majesty for his Approbation.

Rank of Officers*

Three Deputy Lieutenants may be authorized to

446

act in case of Absent*, 5cc. of tht Lieutenant.

Commissions Aiall not be vacated by Removal, &c. of the Lieutenants*

County Lieutenant shall have the Chief Command of Militia. Number of Deputy Lieutenants.

Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants and Officers in England, except for Certain Flares (6'np'Ji.h 7, >) Deputy Lieutenants, 200I or Heir to 400l. person.

Colonels, teool. Sec,

Lieutenant Colonels, 600l. 5c c.

Majors, 400l. 5c c.

Captains, 200l. See,

Lieutenants, 50l. 5cc.

Ensigns,oU See.

Qualifications, where situate.

Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants and Officers in Cr<m/jf>r-land, See. and in Woles, viz Deputy Lieutenants, 1501. 5cc-Chlonels, 6ool. 5cc.

Lieutenant Colonel or Major Commandant, 400L Ice.

C. 90. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

authorize any three Deputy Lieutenants of such County, Riding, or Place, to grant Commissions to Officers to serve in the Militia for such County, Riding, or Place, upon any Vacancy that shall then happen, in such Manner as such Lieutenant could do, and to do all other Acts, Matters, and Things, which might lawfully have been done by the said Lieutenant; and the same shall be good and valid in the Law, as if done by the said Lieutenant himself.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Commission. of any Deputy Lieutenant, nor any Commission of any Officer in the Militia, already granted, or to be granted by any Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, shall be vacated by reason of the Revocation, Expiration, or Discontinuance of the Commission by which any such Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid was or were appointed.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant of every County, Riding, or Place, shall have the Chief Command of the Militia within the County, Riding, or Place, to which he is appointed; and that twenty Deputy Lieutenants at the lead shall be appointed within every County, Riding, and Place, if so many can be found qualified as herein after directed; but if such Number of Persons so qualified cannot be found within any such County, Riding, or Place, then as many Persons so qualified as can be found within such County, Riding, or Place, shall be appointed to be Deputy Lieutenants for the Purposes of this A6E

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons to be appointed Deputy Lieutenants or Officers of the Militia, in pursuance of this Act, (except within the Counties of Cumberland, Huntingdon, Monmouth, Westmorland and Rutland, the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge, the several Counties and Places within the Dominion of Wcdes, and such Cities and Towns as are Counties within themselves), shall be qualified as follows; (that is to say), every Person io to be appointed a Deputy Lieutenant, shall be seised or possessed, either in Law or Equity for his own Use and Benefit, in Possession, of a Freehold, of, or Customary Estate for Life, or for the Life of his Wife, she having a Freehold, of, or Customary Estate for her Life, or for some greater Estate, or of an Estate for some long Term of Years determinable on one or more Life or Lives, in Manors, Meflunges, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, of the yearly Value of two hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like fanner be seized or possessed of a Jike Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of four hundred Pounds; and every Person so to be appointed a Colonel, shall in like Manner be ieized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of one thousand Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of two thousand Pounds; and every Person so to be appointed a Lieutenant Colonel, shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of six hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of one thousand two hundred Pounds; and every Person so to be appointed a Major, shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of four hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of eight hundred Pounds; and every Person so to be appointed a Captain, shall in like Mann r be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of two hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of four hundred Pounds, or shall be a younger Son of some Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of six hundred Pounds; and every Person so to be appointed Lieutenant, shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of fifty Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone to the Amount of one thousand Pounds, or seised or possessed of real and personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of two thousand Pounds, or shall be Son of some Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, in like Marnier seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of one hundred Pounds, or who shall be, or who at the Time of his Death war, possessed of a Personal Estate alone to the Amount of two thousand Pounds, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of three thousand Pounds; and that every Person so to be appointed an Ensign, shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of twenty Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone to the Amount of five hundred Pounds, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of one thousand Pounds, or shall be Son of some Person who shall be or at the Time of his Death was in like Manner seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of fifty Pounds, or who shall be, or who at the Time of his Death, was possessed of a Personal Estate alone to the Amount of one thousand Pounds, or ft?fed or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of one thousand five hundred Pounds; of which said Estates required as Qualifications for Deputy Lieutenants, Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors, and Captains respectively, one Moiety shall be situate or arising within the respective Counties, Ridings, or Places, in which they shall be appointed to serve.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Estates requisite for the Qualification of the Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, within the Counties of Cumberland, Huntingdon, Monmouth, Westmorland, and Rutland, and within every County and Place in the Dominion of Wales, shall be as follows; (that is to say), a Deputy-Lieutenant shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of one hundred and fifty Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent to a Person who shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of three hundred Pounds 5 a Colonel shall be in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of six hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person who shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of one thousand two hundred Pounds; a Lieutenant Colonel or Major Commandant, shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of four hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person who shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of

8 the

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 90.

the yearly Value of eight hundred Pounds; a Major shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Eilat* as aiorcfcud of the yearly Value of two hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be seised of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of four hundred Pounds; and every Person so to be appointed Captain, shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of one hundred and fifty Pounds, or shall be Son of a Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of three hundred Pounds; a Lieutenant shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of thirty Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone to the Amount of six hundred Pounds, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of one thousand two hundred Pounds, or shall be, the Son of a Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of sixty Pounds, or who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, possessed of a Personal Estate alone to the Amount of one thousand two hundred Pounds, or seised or possessed of a Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of two thousand four hundred Pounds; an Ensign shall be in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of twenty Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone to the Amount of three hundred rounds, or seised or possessed of a Real and Personal Estate together of the Amount or Value of six hundred Pounds, or shall be, the Son of a Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of thirty Pounds, or who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, possessed, of a Personal Estate alone to the Amount of six hundred Pounds, or seised ori possessed of Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or Value'bf one thousand two hundred Pounds; of all which respective Estates, (except those for the Qualifications of Lieutenants and Ensigns, ) one Moiety shall be situate or arising within the respective Counties or Places in which such Officers shall be respectively appointed to serve.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Estates requisite for the Qualification of the Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia in the Isle of Ely, shall be as follows; a Deputy Lieutenant shall be in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of one hundred and fifty Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall be in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of three hundred Pounds; a Captain shall be in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of one hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person who shall be in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of two hundred Pounds, or shall be a younger Son of some Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, in like Manner seised or possessed oi a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of three hundre4 Pounds, a Lieutenant shall be in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of thirty Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate to the Amount of six hundred Pounds, or shall be Son of some Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of sixty Pounds, or who shall be or at the Time of his Death was possessed of a Personal Estate to the Amount of one thousand two hundred Pounds; an Ensign shall be in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of twenty Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate to the Amount of three hundred Pounds, or shall be the Son of some Person who shall be, ' or at the Time of his Death was, in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of thirty Pounds, or who shall be or at the Time of his Death was possessed of a Personal Estate to the Amount of six hundred Pounds; of all which Estates (except those for the Qualifications of Lieutenants and Ensigns),one Moiety shall be situate or arising within the said Isle of Ety> or some other Part of the County of Cambridge.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cities and Towns which are Counties within themselves, and Have heretofore been empowered by Law or ancient Usage to raise and train a separate Militia within their several Precincts and Liberties, and which are united with and made Part of any County or Counties for the Purposes of raising the Militia only, the Lieutenant of every such City or Town, or where there is no Lieutenant appointed, then the Chief Magistrate of such City or Town, shall appoint the Deputy Lieutenants within inch City or Town, and shall 5fo appoint Officers of the Militia, whole Number and Rank shall be proportionable to the Number of Militia Men which such City or Town shall raise as their Quota towards the Militia of the County to which such City or Town is united for the Purposes aforesaid; and all Powers and Provisions made by this Act, with respect to the Counties at large and the Militia thereof, and the register-ing herein after directed of the Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants and Officers, shall take place and be in force with respect to the said Cities and Towns, and the Militia thereof, and the registering of the said Qualifications; and the Value of the respective Qualifications of the Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia of such Cities and Towns shall be as follows: Every Deputy Lieutenant shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of one hundred and fifty Pounds, or shall be poflef-icd of a Personal Estate alone, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of three thousand Pounds; and every Field Officer shall respectively be in like Manner seised or pof-{efled of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of three hundred Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of five thousand Pounds; and the Qualification of a Captain shall be a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of one hundred and fifty Pounds, in Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of two thousand five hundred Pounds; and the Qualification of a Lieutenant shall be a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of thirty Pounds, in Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Personal Estate alone, to the Amount or Value of seven hundred and fifty Pounds; and the Qualification of an Ensign shall be a like

Estate

447

Major*, 200U Sec,

Captain*, 150k Sc c.

Lieutenant*, 30l. Sec.

Ensigns, sol. ftc.

Qualifications, where situate.

Qualifications of Deputy Licutc-n.inti and Officers in Ely, viz. Deputy Lieutenants, 1501. Sec. Captains, 100L ft c.

Lieutenants,

30l. ftc.

Ensigns, 2ol.ftc4

Qualifications, where situate.

Appointment of Deputy Lieutenants and Officers in Cities and Towns being Couuiic*.

Qualification*,

viz.

Deputy Lieutenants, ifol.ftc.

Field Officer*, 300L ftc.

Captains, 150L ftc.

Lieutenant*, 30J. ftc.

Ensign*, zoLftf.

Qualifications, whc.e situate.

Immediate Rc-version in Lcufcs fur Lives of 300I, per Ann. equal to a freehold Qualification of tool, per Ann. & c.

Estates for 20 Years, to the re-quifue Amount, shall he lulhcient Qualifications.

NoDcputy Lieutenant, or Officer superior to a Subaltern, shall be appointed, fill his Qualification be delivered to the Clerk, of the Pence, and transmitted to the County Lieutenant.

Clerk, of the Peace shall enroll Qualifications, and insert in the London Gazette Dates of Commissions. See. and annually transmit to the Secretary of State Account of Qualifications to i*e laid before Puiliament.

Deputy Lieutenants and Officers shall take the Oaths, See. under 1G. 1. ft. 2. c. 13. and [6G. 3. c. 53.] within fix ths after Appointment.

Penalties on Persons acting who are unqualified, &c. Le-puty Lieutenants, &c. 200l. Captains tool.

Exception of Peers, and their Heirs Apparent.

C. 90. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of twenty Pounds, in Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Personal Estate alone, to the Amount or Value of four hundred Pounds; of all which Estates respectively (except those for the Qualifications of Lieutenants and EnfigT.s), one Moiety shall be situate or arising within such city or Town, or within the County to which such City or Town is united for the Purposes aforesaid.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the immediate Reversion or Remainder of and in Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which are leased for one Life, or for two or three Lives, or for any Term of Years determinable upon the Death of one Life, or of two or three Lives, on referred Rents, and which are to the Lessee or Lessees of the clear yearly Value of three hundred Pounds, shall be deemed equal to an Estate herein-before required as a Qualification of the yearly Value of one hundred Pounds, and so in Proportion to the several other Qualifications required by this Act.

XL. And be it further enacted, That a Person possessed in Law or Equity, for his own Use and Benefit in Possession, of an Estate for a certain Term originally granted for twenty Years or more, of an annual Value (over and above all Rents and Charges payable out of or in respect of the same), equal to the Value of such an Estate as is required for the Qualification of a Deputy Lieutenant and a commissioned Officer of the Militia respectively, and situate as aforesaid, shall be and is hereby deemed and declared to be sufficiently qualified to act in the Execution of this Act.

XIE And be it further enacted, That no Person shall hereafter be appointed to be Deputy Lieutenant of any County, Riding, or Place, or be appointed to a higher Rank in the Militia than that of Lieutenant, until he shall have delivered in to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place, for which he shall he appointed, or (in the Absence (if the Clerk of the Peace) to his Deputy, a specifick Description in Writing, signed by himself, of his Qualification, dating the Parish or Parishes in which the Estate or Estates which form his Qualification is or are situate; and the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall transmit to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place, a Copy of such Description; and no Commission granted after the passing of this Act, for a higher Rank in the Militia than that of Lieutenant, shall be valid, unless it be declared in the Commission that the Officer to whom the Commission is given hath delivered in his Qualification as above directed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace of every County, Riding, and Place, shall, and he is hereby required to enter the Qualifications transmitted to him, according to the Directions of this Act, upon a Roll to be provided and kept for that Purpose, and to cause to be inserted in The London Gazette the Dates of the Commissions, and Names and Rank of the Officers, together with the Names of the Officers in whose Room they are appointed, in like Manner as Commissions in the Army are published from the War Office; and he is hereby authorized to charge the Expence of such Insertion in the Gazette for each Commission to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Place, who is hereby directed to pay the same; and the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall, in the Month of January in every Year, transmit to one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State a complete Account of the Qualifications so left with him, and the Secretary of State receiving such Accounts shall cause Copies thereof to be annually laid before both Houses of Parliament; and every Deputy Lieutenant and commissioned Officer, not having already taken and subscribed the Oaths, and made, repeated, and subscribed the Declaration, as required by this Act, shall, at some General Quarter Session of the Peace, or in one of his Majesty's Courts of Record at lVeJlnnnsler

within Six Months after he shall have accepted his Commission, take the Oaths appointed to be taken by an Act, passed in the first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person and Government, and the Succfjum of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Prtncefs Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors; and also by an Act, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering the Oath of Abjuration, and the Assurance; and for amending so much of an Act of the seventh Tear of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, 'An Act for the Improvement of the Union of the two Kingdoms, a , after the Time therein limited^ requires the Delivery of certain Lifts and Copies therein mentioned, to Persons indicted of High Treason or Misprison of Treason; and shall also make, repeat, and subscribe the Declaration in the said Act of the first Year of King George the First, directed to be made, repeated, and subscribed, by all Officers, Civil and Military.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby directed to be executed by Deputy Lieutenants, Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, or Majors, not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such specifick Description of his Qualification as is herein-before required, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds; and if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby directed to be executed by Captains, not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such specifick Description of his Qualification as is herein-before required, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Use of the Person who shall sue for the fame; and in every Action, Suit, or Information, brought against any Person for acting as Deputy Lieutenant, Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, or Captain, not being qualified as herein-before directed, the Proof of his Qualification shall lie upon the Person against whom the same is brought: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall restrain or prevent any Peer of the Realm, or Heir Apparent of any such Peer, from being appointed or acting as a Deputy Lieutenant, or a commissioned Officer in the Militia, within the County, Riding, or Place, wherein such Peer, or Heir Apparent of such Peer, shall have some Place of Residence, although he may not have the Qualification herein-before required; or to oblige any Peer of this Realm, or Heir Apparent of such Peer, who shall be appointed a Deputy Lieutenant,

or

449

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 90.

their Commis-/ions on reduction, and Officers hereafter promoted to certain Rank, and t educed, shall hold their Rank)

ty may ditplace Deputy Lieutenants or Officer*

Appointment of Clciks of General and Subdivision Meetings.

Numbers of Private Men, [Tout 40, 963.1

or commissioned Officer <18 aforesaid, to leave with the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place for which he shall be appointed, any Qualification, in Writing, as aforesaid.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person now serving as Major of the Militia who Present Major* shall be possessed of the Qualification required by the Laws in force before the passing of this Act, shall and qualified under may continue to hold a Commission of Major in the Militia to »be raised by virtue of this Act s any Thing here- , ormcl

in contained to the contrary notwithstanding. may conUnue*

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Lieutenant-Colonel or Major in the Militia, duly Prtfmt Lieute-

qualified as aforesaid, and commissioned under any of the Acts herein-before recited, and now actually serving, nant-Colonels or and who, in consequence of the Reduction of the Establi foment of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps in ^aiori lufing which he is serving, will no longer retain his Commission, and any Officer in the Militia duly qualified as aforesaid, who, in consequence of the Augmentation of the Militia Forces herein after provided, may hereafter be promoted to the Commission of Lieutenant-Colonel or Major, and may by any subsequent Reduction of that Augmentation no longer retain such Commission, shall and may continue to rank respectively in the general Militia Service, according to the Date of his Commission or Appointment in the Militia so vacated as aforesaid; provided that nothing herein contained shall extend to give any such Lieutenant-Colonel or Major any Regimental Rank. in the general Service.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, may from Time to Time, How his Majes-as he and they shall think fit, signify his and their Pleasure to his and their Lieutenant of any County, Riding, or Place, to displace all or any Deputy Lieutenants and Officers in the Militia, and thereupon his Majesty's respective Lieutenants shall forthwith displace such Deputy Lieutenants or Officers, and appoint others within the same County, Riding, or Place, with the like Qualifications, and under and subject to the like Provisions and Restrictions, to serve in their Head.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant of every County*, Riding, and Place, shall from Time to Time appoint a Clerk of the General Meetings to be holden as herein after directed, and may displace such Clerk if he shall think fit, and appoint another in his Room; and the Deputy Lieutenants within their respective Subdivisions, or the major Part of those present at any Subdivision Meeting, shall also from Time to Time appoint a Clerk for their Subdivisions, and may displace such Clerk if they, or the major Part of them, shall think fit, and appoint another in his Room.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Number of Private Men to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall be as follows; (that is to say), For the County of Bedford three hundred and seventeen 5 for the County of Berks five hundred and sixty-one; for the County of Bucks five hundred and ninety-nine; for the County of Cambridge four hundred and eighty-one; for the County of Chester, with the City and County of the City of Chester, eight hundred and eighty-five 5 for the County of Cornwall six hundred and forty-seven; for the County of Cumberland six hundred and fifteen; for the County of Derby nine hundred and thirty-nine; for the County of Devon, with the City and County of the City of Exeter, one thousand five hundred and twelve 5 for the County of Dorset, with the Town and County of the Town of Pool, four hundred and eleven; for the County of Durham four hundred and ninety-two; for the County of Essex one thousand two hundred and forty-four; for the County of Gloucester, with the City and County of the City of Gloucester and the City and County of the City of Bristol, one thousand one hundred and sixty-three; for the County of Hereford five hundred and twenty 5 for the County of Hertford four hundred and eighty; for the County of Huntingdon one hundred and fifty-nine 5 for the County of Kent, with the City and County of the City of Canterbury, one thousand two hundred and ninety-six; for the County of Lancaster two thousand four hundred and thirty-nine; for the County of Leicester Six hundred and forty-three 5 for the County of Lincoln, with the City and County of the City of Lincoln, one thousand three hundred and sixty-eight; for the County of Middlesex (exclusive of the Tower Division, commonly called The Tower Hamlets) three thousand and thirty-eight 5 for the County of Monmouth two hundred and eighty; for the County of Norfolk, with the City and County of the City of Norwich, one thousand two hundred and nine; for the County of Northampton seven hundred fend twenty-four; for the County of Northumberland, with the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne % and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, six hundred and forty-nine 5 for the County of Nottingham, with the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, five hundred and sixty-four; for the County of Oxford six hundred and three; for the County of Rutland eighty-three 5 for the County of Salop nine hundred and ninety-one; for the County of Some/set one thousand five hundred and fifty-six; for the County of Southampton, with the Town and County, of the Town of Southampton, eight hundred and fifty; for the County of Stafford, with the City and County of the City of Lichfield, one thousand one hundred and thirty-three; for the£ounty of Suffolk one thousand and forty-two; for the County of Surrey one thousand three hundred and thirty-six; for the County of Sussex eight hundred and three 5 for the County of Warwick, with the City and County of the City of Coventry, eight hundred and fifty-three; for the County of Westmorland tyro hundred and forty-three; for the County of Worcester, with the City and County of the City of Worcester, six hundred and sixteen; for the County of Wilts nine hundred and seventeen; for the West Riding of the County of York, with the City and County of the City of York, two thousand four hundred and twenty-nine; for the North Riding of the said County nine hundred and eleven; and for the East Riding of the said County, with the Town and County of the Town of Kingston-ujbon-Hull, five hundred and sixty-four; for the County of Anglesea one hundred and twenty-eight; for the County of Brecknock two hundred and four 5 for the County of Cardigttn two hundred and forty-four; for the County of Carmarthen, with the County Borough of Carmarthen, four hundred and five 5 for the County of Carnarvon one hundred and twenty-eighty for the County of Denbigh three hundred and forty-four; for the County of Flint two hundred and one; for the County of Glamorgan tour hundred and three 5 for the County of Merioneth one hundred and twenty-one; for the County of Montgomery, two hun-

42 Geo. III. 3 M 4i*d

\jr\\ Xumbfn shall continue the Quoins until June 2<; , 1805, and alicnvjid* the Nunlcis shall l>c appointed by 1 he Privy Council.

Regulations for bolding General Meetings of Lieutenancy.

Subdivision Meetings shall consist oftwo Dc-puty Lieutenants, or one Deputy and a J u it ice of the Peace.

Clerk shall give

Notice of Subdivision Meetings, and transmit Lids of Men enrolled.

When two Deputy Lieutenants, ice. do not attend; Clerk. shall fununon another Meeting-

General Meeting j shall annually appoint Sub-diviii .11 Meetings, and require

Chiei Constables,

C. 90. 42* GEORG.II III, A.D. 1802.

dred and seventy-nine; for the County of Pendrohe, with the Town and County of the Town of Haverfordwest, two hundred and one; and for the County of Radnor one hundred and forty.

XX. And be it further enacted, 'Hut the Numbers of private Militia Men, herein-before appointed to serve for the several Counties, Ridings, and Places aforesaid, shall continue to be and remain the respective Quotas of the several and respective Counties, Ridings, and Places aforesaid, until the twenty-fifth Day of June, One thousand eight hundred and five, and from thence until other Quotas shall be settled, ascertained, and appointed, by his Majesty's Privy Council, in Manner herein after directed; and the several and respective Quotas that shall at or after the Expiration of the said first mentioned Period, and also from Time to Time at or after the Expiration of every successive ten Years after such Period, be settled, ascertained, and appointed, by his Majesty's Privy Council under the Provisions of this Act, shall, from the Appointment thereof, continue to be and remain the respective Quotas of the several and respective Counties, Ridings, and Places aforesaid, for which any such subsequent Quotas shall have been appointed, until other Quotas mail be settled, ascertained, and appointed under this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That General Meetings of the Lieutenancy of every County, Riding, and Place, shall he holden in foine principal Town of cvea7 such County, Riding, and Place, and such General Meetings shall conlifl of the Lieutenant, together with two Deputy Lieutenants at the lead, or on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of the Lieutenant, then of three Deputy Lieutenants at the leall of every County, Riding, and Place respectively; and one such General Meeting shall be holden within every County, Riding, and Place annually, upon the laic Tuesday which shall happen before the tenth Da^r of October in every Year, or earlier if Occasion shall require, and the Lieutenant, together with any two Deputy Lieutenants, or (on the Death or Removal or in the Absence of the Lieutenant), any three Deputy Lieutenants of any County, Riding, or Place, when and as often as they shall find neccuary for carrying the Purposes of this Act duly and fully into Execution, rrav furomon or cause to be summoned other General Meetings of the Lieutenancy, on any Days to be fixed by such Summons, of which Days and the Places of holding such Meetings respectively, Notice shall be given in The London Gazette; and also in any Weekly Newspaper usually circulated in such County, Riding, or Place, fourteen Days at the lead before the Days appointed for holding such Meetings respectively; and the Lieutenant, together with any two Deputy Lieutenants, or (on the Death or Removal or in the Absence of the Lieutenant) any three Deputy Lieutenants of any County, Riding, or Place, are hereby authorized to charge the Expence of such Notices, and also of all such Notices that may have been given under any Act or Acts relating to the Militia, that may remain undischarged, to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Place, who is hereby directed to pay the same; and in case any annual or other General Meeting shall not be attended by the Lieutenant and two Deputy Lieutenants, or by three Deputy Lieutenants, as herein-before required, the Lieutenant, or any one Deputy Lieutenant, who shall attend at such Meeting, shall and may adjourn the same to any other Time, and to any Place within such County, Riding, or Place; and in case no Deputy Lieutenant shall attend at the Time and Place appointed for the next Meeting, then the Clerk of the General Meetings, or his Deputy, shall adjourn such Meeting to any other Time, to be holden at the same Place.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That Meetings of the Deputy Lieutenants, within the Subdivisions of their respective Counties, Ridings, and Places, shall be holden as herein after directed, which Subdivision Meetings shall confiil of Two Deputy Lieutenants at the leall: Provided always, that, at any Subdivision Meeting appointed according to the Directions of this Act, where Two Deputy Lieutenants do not attend, it shall be lawful for any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any One Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place, within which such Subdivision lies, to do all Acts, Matters, and Things which are by this Act directed to be done by Deputy Lieutenants at their respective Subdivision Meetings; and all such Acts, Matters, and Things so done by any such Deputy Lieutenant and Justice of the Peace, shall be as good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been done by two Deputy Lieutenants of such. County, Riding, or Place; any Thing in this Act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, shall as soon as conveniently may be after any such Subdivision Meeting shall have been appointed, give Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of Meeting to such of the Deputy Lieutenants who shall be resident within such SubdU vision, as he conveniently can, and also to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, if on actual Service, or (if not on actual Service) to the Colonel or other Commandant, thereof, or (in cale of his Absence from Great Britain, ) to the next Commanding Officer within Great Britain, by Notice addressed to the Adjutant, and an Account of the several Days fixed for receiving Lills, and for ballot ting and for enrolling the Militia Men within such Subdivision; and shall, as soon as the Militia Men are enrolled, likewise transmit to the Colonel or other Commandant, or to the Commanding Officer as aforesaid, in Manner aforesaid, a LIII, specifying the Names, Trades, and usual Places of Abode, of all such Militia Men as are enrolled; and where there are Substitutes, the Names, Trades, and Places of Abode, of the Persons in the Room of whom such Substitutes were enrolled.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any Subdivision Meeting two Deputy Lieutenants, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, the Clerk of such Meeting shall, by Notice to be given in Writing to all the Deputy Lieutenants within such Subdivision, or left at their respective Places of Abode, appoint another Meeting to be held within fourteen Days, at the same Place where such Meeting was to have been holden, such Notice being given five Days at the lead previous to such Meeting.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants, or the Deputy Lieutenants, at every annual or at some other General Meeting, to be holden as herein-before directed, shall appoint the first Meetings of the Deputy Lieutenants within the several Subdivisions of their respective Counties, Ridings, and Places, which said first Meetings shall be appointed to beheld as early after the Tenth Day of October in every Year as conveniently may be, or at such other Time as may be moil expedient for carrying the

6 Purposes

Purposes of this Act fully and duly into Execution; and the said Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants, or the said Deputy Lieutenants may, if they judge needful, appoint the Time and Place for a iecond General Meeting, and shall issue out their Orders to the Chief Constables, and where there is no Chief Constable, to some other Officer of the several Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, or other Divisions within their respective Counties, Ridings, and Places; requiring every such Chief Constable or other Officer as aforesaid, to issue an Order under his Hand to all Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers of every Parish, Ty tiling, or Place, within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, to return to the Deputy Lieutenants within their respective Subdivisions, at the Places and on the Days appointed at the first General Meeting in every Year, fair and true Lifts m Writing, in Manner by this Act directed, of the Names of all the Men usually and at that Time dwelling within the respective Parishes, Ty things, and Places, for which they shall respectively aft under the Provisions and in the Execution of this Act, between the Ages of eighteen and forty-five Years.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs and other Officers and Persons required to return Lists of Persons fit and liable to serve in the Militia, shall, within fourteen Days after any such Return shall be required, give or leave Notice in Whiting, in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, maikcd A, to or for every Occupier of every' Dwelling House where any Person shall re side, within the Limits of the Places for which they aft, as such Constables or other Officers as aforesaid in the Execution of this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, at his or her Dwelling House, or where such Dwelling House shall be divided into different Stories or Apartments, and occupied distinctly by several Persons, then to or for the Occupier of each diilinft Story or Apartment, to prepare or produce*, within fourteen Days, next ensuing the Day of giving such Notice, a List in Writing, to the bell of his or her Belief, of the Christian and Surname of each and every Man resident in such Dwelling House, or distinct Story or Apartment, between the Ages of eighteen and forty-five, distinguishing every Person in such Dwelling House, or distinct Story or Apartment, of such Age as aforesaid, claiming to be exempt from serving in the Militia, together with the Ground of every such Claim of Exemption; and every such Notice shall mention the Day, Time, and Place appointed for hearing Appeals within such Subdivision, by Persons claiming to be exempt from serving in the Militia; and every Inch Occupier shall, after such Notice so given or left, make out such L ft, and iign the same with his or her own Name, and shall deliver the fame, or cause the same to be delivered, to such Constable, or other Officer or Person as aforesaid; and if any Occupier shall neglect or refuse to make out, lign, and deliver such Lift as aforesaid, within the Time before limited, or shall omit any Person who ought to have been included therein in pursuance of this Act, or knowingly make any false Return of any Particular required therein, every such Occupier shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where any Notice shall be served upon any Occupier being one of the People called Quakers, such Occupier shall, within seven Days after the Service of such Notice, produce to the Constable or other Officer, a Certificate under the Hands of two or more reputable Housekeepers being of the People called Quakers, acknowledging such Person to be one of their Persuasion; and that in all such Case; , such Constables or other Officers are hereby required to make Returns of the Persons liable to serve in the Militia, resident in the Houses, Stories, or Apartments of such Occupiers so certified to be of the People called Quakers, in the same Manner as is directed by this Act in Cases where Returns are not made to such Notices as aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers of even* Parish, Tything, or Place, shall, within one Month after having delivered such Notices as aforesaid, make out in ever)' Year a fair and true List in Writing, according to the Form in the Schedule to tiffs Act au-nexed, marked 13., of the Names of all the Men usually and at that Time dwelling within the respective Pariftics, Tythings, and Places, for which they shall respectively aft in the Execution of the Provisions of this Act, between the Ages of eighteen and forty-five Years, as w<_ 11 of those who have not made any Return, or been returned in pursuance of such Notices as aforesaid, as of those who shall have made such Returns or been returned in pur-funnee thereof, distinguishing their respective Ranks and Occupations, and those who have made Returns to such Notices from those who have neglected to make such Returns (and where the true Names of such Persons can-, not be procured, the common Appellaiiou of facti Person shall be sufficient), and distinguishing which of the-Persons so returned labour under any Infirmity likely to incapacitate them from serving as Militia Meu, and which of them claim to be exempt from serving in the Militia, and on what Account, and shall affix a true Copy of even* Lift on the Door of the Church or C ha; el belonging to every such Parish, Tything, or Place, or (if, any Place shall have no Church or Chapel belonging thereto) 011 the Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parish or Place thereto adjoining, some one SutuLr: Morning before they shall make the Return to the Deputy Xffcutemuita as directed by this Act, wlffeli Sum: ay shall be three Days at the leail before the Meeting of Deputy Lieutenants at which such Return is to be made; and also Notice in Writing at the Bottom of the said Copy of such Lift of the Day and Hour and Place of Meeting for hearing Appeals under the Act, and that all Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved may then apjnral, and that no Appeal will be afterwards received; and shall afterwards make a Return ol such Lift as aforesaid, or a true and exact Copy thereof, to the Deputy Lieutenants of the Subdivision.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, whose Name shall be inserted in any List in pursuance of this Act, shall think himself aggrieved thereby, or by the Omission of any other Name or Names, or lb all claim to be exempted from serving in the Militia, it shall be lawful for such Person, and he is hereby required to appeal to the Subdivision Meeting appointed to be held for hearing such Appeals; and any two or more of the said Deputy Lieutenants are hereby empowered and required to near and determine all such Ap-xx^ais, and if the same cannot be heard on t^e Day first appointed, t£ adjourq to any o^hgy Day or Days; and \ 3 M 2 4 the.

See. to order Returns to be made to the Subdivision Meetings, of Men between t$ and 45.

Constable*, See. (haf! give Notice in the Form in Schedule A, to Housekeepers, See. to produce Lilts of Men l>ct\vecQ 18 and 45.

Penalty of 5l. for not duly making and delivering Lifts.

Quakers flu!) produce Certificates, and Constables, 4c c. shall then make Returns. (See §2b.). See further as to Quakers,

50, ji.

Constables, Sc c, shall make out yearly Lifts in Knm in Sc he-dulc B., of the Name's vf Men between lb and 4*, See. and af-< fix a Copy on the Chuith-Dovi, with Notice of the Meeting lor Ap; eali, and return another Copy to the Deputy Lieutenants,

Appeal to the

Suixuviiion.

Meetings, whose Determination shall be hn*L

Jto Subdivision

Mceiin/, CYm-JLII>les, 4cc. ill-ill verily Lilts on 'Oath; Lilli may be amended, tecond Meet* apjoinred,

fSr?*) 4'.)» »<* Certificates in form of Schedule C. returned to the Clerk of the General Meet-

Jpgs.

Penalty of 50l. on Pei font, for endeavouring to prevail on Constables, Arc. to make false Returns, and of IOJ, for refuting t.» tell their Names, &c.

Deputy Lieutenants may or* «3er Attendance €?f Con (tables, &c. Penalty on their neglecting to appear, or to return Lifts, or being guilty of Fraud, Partin-Hty. or Neglect, Imprisonment ur Fine.

Tyro Justices may appoint Deputies to Quakers being Constables, &c. #5pr carrying this Act into Execution.

Twt> or more Places and Lifts for them may be added together, and the Con It .1-bles, 6cr. shall act together as Xltficers of the same Paulk.

C. 90* 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

the Determination of any two Deputy Lieutenants, if only two are then and there assembled, or of the major Part of them, if more than two are assembled, shall be final to all Intents and Purposes; and no Appeal shall be afterwards heard or allowed, or any Exemption whatever claimed or admitted, by or on Behalf of any Person or Persons whatever.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That, on the Days and at the Places so respectively appointed as aforesaid for the Returns of the Lifts, the Conilables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers respectively, shall attend and verify the said Returns upon Oath, and the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, assembled in their respective Subdivisions, (lull, asur hearing any Appeals or Claims of Exemption, di-reA such Lifts to be amended as the Case shall require, and shall also direct the Names of all Persons by this .AA respectively exempted from serving in the Militia, to be ft ruck out, and the Names of any Persons that shall have been omitted to be inserted; and after amending the said Lift; according to this Act, shall appoint the Times and Places for their second Meetings within then* respective Subdivisions, and shall return to the Clerk of the General Meetings, for the Use of the said General Meetings, Certificates under their Kxnds, in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked C., of the Number of Men in each Parish, Tything, or Place* between the Ages of eighteen and forty-five Years, distinguishing the Number of Men liable to serve, and also the Number of Men exempt from serving, in each Parish, Tything, or Place within the Subdi\ifion; and the same shall be filed by the Clerk for the Use of the General Meeting.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall, by Gratuity, Gift, or Reward, or by Pro-mise thereof, or by any Indemnification, or by Menaces or otherwise, endeavour to prevail on any Chief Constable, Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer, to make a false Return of any List for any Parish, Tything, or Place, or toerafe or leave out of any such Lift the Name of any Person who ought to be returned, to serve as a Militia Man, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds; and if any Person shall refuse to tell his Christian and Surname, or shall falsely tell a Christian or Surname, pretending the same to be his true Christian or Surname, or shall refuse to tell the Christian or Surname of any Man lodging or residing within his or her House, or shall knowingly tell any false Name, pretending it to be the true Name of any such Person, to any Constable, Tythingman, or other Officer, authorized by this. A A to demand the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants within any Subdivision, or any two or more of them, from Time to Time, to issue their Order or Warrant under their Hands and Seab, requiring the Attendance of the Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer of any Parish, Tything, or Place, within such Subdivision, at such Time and Place as in such Order or Warrant shall be exprdfed; and if any such Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer, shall refuse or neglect to appear according to such Order or Warrant, or if any Chief Constable or other Officer of any Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake, or other Division, or any Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer of any Parish, Tytqing, or Place, shall refuse or neglect to return any such Lift as before directed, or to comply with such Orders and Directions as he shall from Time to Time receive from the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, in pursuance of this Act, or shall, in making such Return, be guilty of any Fraud or wilful Partiality, or grof3 Neglect in his Duty, the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to commit the Person so offending to the common Gaol, there to be kept without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of one Month, or at their Discretion to fine such Person in any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Chief or other Constable, Headborough, Tythingman, cr Overseer, shall be of the People called Quakers (and certified to be so by two Persons of the People called Quakers), and shall neglect or refuse to perform the Duties required by this Act, it shall be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace aAing for the Division within which such Quaker shall be such Officer as ^foresaid, and they are hereby required, in all Cases where the Circumftar.ces of the Case shall, in their Judgment, render it expedient and necessary for the due Execution of the Provisions of this Act, by their Order, under their Hands and Seals, to appoint a fit and proper Person to be Deputy to such Quaker, for the Purpose only of carrying this Act into Execution; and every Person so appointed Deputy as aforesaid, shall have and exercise all the Powers, Authorities, and Jurisdictions given by this A A to such Officer for whom he shall so aA, and shall do and perform all the like Duties and Offices under the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures* as are hereby imposed for Neglect of Duty of any such Officer as aforesaid, in like Manner in every respect as the Person for whom lie shall so aA; and where an Appointment of any Deputy shall be so made, the principal Chief Constable, Headborough, Tythingman, or Overseer (being one of the People called Quakers), shall he, and he is hereby discharged from the Performance of any Duty required of him by this Act, and from all Penalties incurred for Neglect thereof after the Time of such Appointment.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants, at their Subdivision Meetings, to add together, whenever they shall think it necessary, any two or more Parishes or Tythings, or to add any parochial Place or Places to any Parish or Parishes, Tything or Tythings adjoining thereto, for the Purposes of this Act; and also to add together the Lists of such Parishes, Tythings, and Places aforesaid, so as. to make the Choice of Militia Men 'by Ballot, within every such Subdivision, as equal and impartial as possible; and wdiere any Parishes, Tythings, and Places so added together, shall lie in different Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, or other Divisions within the same County, Riding, or Place, to direct in what Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake, or other Division, the same shall be considered for the Purposes of this Act j and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall proceed upon the Lifts so added together, in like Manner as if they had been originally returned for one Parish, or for the Parish to which any extra-parochial Place shall have been added as aforesaid; and the Constable?*, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers of Parishes, Tithings* and Places fb added together, shall aA together in the Execution of this Act, as if they were respectively Of-

1 fleets

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 90.

453

g: re 1 <: between V'iEcerj.

Act i- all ex end to extra-parochial Places added to Patiihex.

Seen of one and the same Parish or Tythfftg ? and alt such Tv

so as aforesaid acting together by virtue of this Act, shall hold their Meetings under this Act in the P; ri(h or Tything which shall be named first in such Order of Deputy Lieutenants; and if any Difference or D.figcce- 'Deputy L eute-ment shall arise between the Officers of any Parish, Tything, or Place, or between the Officers of different Parishes or Tythings, touching the Execution of this Act, the Deputy Lieutenants acting in and for the bub-division where such Difference or Disagreement shall happen, shall at any Subdivision Meeting, and they are hereby authorized to hear and determine the fame, and make such Order therein for the better Execution of this Act as to them shall seem meet; and such Orders shall be final and concldive.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the several Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things in this Act contained, shall be construed to extend to every extra-parochial Plate added to any Parish or Tything for the Purposes of this Act, as fully as if the said Directions and Provisioss had severally and respectively been expressly applied to extra-parochial Places; and where there shall be any extra-parochial Place or other Place, wherein no Constable3, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or Overseers of the Poor have been or are appointed, or act, the respective Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Parishes, or Tything or Tythings respectively, to which such extra-parochial or other Place shall have been added by the Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, may and shall act as Constables, Tythingmen Headboroughs, or Overseers of the Poor respectively for such extra-parochial or other Place in the Execution of this Act, and may and shall do, perform, and execute all such Acts, Matters, and Tilings therein, relating to the Execution of this Act, as fully and amply, a: id with all such and the like Powers in every Respect, as

if such extra-parochial or other Place was within and made Part of such Parish or Tithing: Provided always, New Rates shall that if any Rate or Rates shall be to be made for any Parish or Parishes, or Tything or Tythings, and any such be made and le-extra-parochial or other Place jointly, such Rate or Rates shall be distinctly made lor the Purpose of this Act, vied for a»y p*- and for no other Purpose whatever: Provided also, that every such separate Rate shall and may be made, raised and levied, as well in such extra parochial or other Place, as in any such Parish or Tything aforesaid, in like j^Tmiy for the Manner as any Rate made for the Relief of the Poor. Fui pose of the Act

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of all Subdivision Meetings shall, within fourteen Clerks of Sub-Days after every Subdivision Meeting, transmit to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the County, Riding, or division Meet-

Place, fair and true Copies of such Rolls as shall be signed at such Subdivision Meeting; and if any such Clerk in5s shall trans-

/v_n ----- 1 a — i- - — 1_ 0 ^--- __ _r--r_; j — A-.t n 1 r r -Y a n 1 1 niit to General

Meetingv Copies of Rolls*

Ac. Penalty 20L Clerks to Gene-r*lMeetings (ha 11 annually tianf-mit to Privy Council true Returns (See Schedule D.) of he Number of Persons between the Ages of 18 and 45, &c. Penalty tool.

1

Privy Council, by June 25, i^OS, (/* ante, §20.) and afterwards every IO Yca-s, shall fix the (Quotas for each Place, and transmit the Numbers to the County Lieute*

shall omit or neglect to make such Return as aforesaid within such Period as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully make any false Return, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks to the General Meetings of Lieutenancy in the several Counties, Ridings, and Places required to raise Militia under this Act, shall, and they are hereby required to transmit to his Majesty's Privy Council annually, as soon after the Returns of Men shall have been made to the General Meetings as the same can be done, accurate Returns in the Form in the Schedule in this Act annexed, marked D., of the Number of Persons between the Ages of eighteen and forty-five, distiuguHh-ing the Number lit and liable to serve in the Militia for the Counties, Ridings, and Places to which they reflectively belong, and also the Number therein exempt from serving; and if any such Clerk shall omit or neglea to make such Return to the Privy Council within one Month after the General Meeting of Lieutenancy of the County, Riding, or Place to which he shall belong, at which the Returns of Men shall have been laid before such Meeting, or shall knowingly or wilfully make any false Return, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty's Privy Council, and they are hereby required, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and five, and afterwards from Time to Time at the Expiration of every succeeding Period of ten Years as aforesaid, to take into Consideration the Number of Men fit and liable to lerve in the Militia in each County, Riding, and Place required by this Act to raise Militia, and forthwith to ascertain, settle, and fix the Nnmber of Militia Men, who shall, for the next succeeding ten Years, serve for each County, Riding, and Place aforesaid, as near as may be by the Proportion that the Number of Men fit and liable to serve in each County, Riding, and Place, shall hear to the whole Number of Militia Men by this Act directed to be raised, and shall thereupon transmit the Numbers so fixed and settled as aforesaid, to the respective Lieutenants of the Counties, Ridings, and Places aforesaid, and shall cause Notice of the same to be thrice printed in the London Gazette. nanu, and publish them in the Gaietie,

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That where the Number of Militia Men so fixed and settled for any County, Riding, or Place, shall be greater than the former Quota of such County, Riding, or Place, then and in every such Case, the Lieutenant for such County, Riding, or Place, together with any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, and on the Death or Removal or in the Absence of the said Lieutenant, any three or more Deputy Lieutenants shall, at a General Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, appoint what Number of Militia Men shall serve for each respective Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake, or other Division within such County,

Riding, or Place; and the additional Number of Militia Men to make up the whole Number so fixed and settled as aforesaid shall be provided or chosen in the same Manner as other Militia Men are by this Act to be provided or chosen; and all the additional Men so provided or chosen as aforesaid, or their Substitutes, and also all Volunteers, shall take the Oath by this Act required to be taken, and shall be enrolled, or sign their Consent to serve in the Militia, in such Manner as is directed by this Act, and in case of Refusal, shall be subject to the same Penalties as in like Cases are inflicted by this Act: Provided always, that where the Number of Militia Men so fixed and settled for any County, Riding, or Place as aforesaid, shall be less than the former Quota of

Where the Number fixed shall be greater than the former Quota, the General Meeting shall appoint what Number shall be chosen for each Division 5

and where left, shall dismiss the Excess by Ballot

such County, Riding, or Place, then and in every such Case the said Lieutenants, together with any two or

more

454 C.go.

42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

out of enck

Divisioti.

Mon difmifT'd

lial>le t*> 'Vue, Jnd a Lilt of their N.une.i mar!r, nut oi which V.iO.mries shall I c filled up during ihe Re-maindci of (heir Eog'ige nent.

Tutu re Vacancies.

General Meetings may alt r Subdivisions and Allotment of Men in each Divilton.

At the second

Subdivision Meeting (V<v §30.) Deputy Lieutenants shall appoint the Number of Men for earh Parish, Ac and order Notice thereof, and of the next Meeting, at Vhich they shall cause the Persons Vo be ballot ted for, and appoint another Meeting, when Perl.>ns chosen by B.d! >t shall attend and take the following

Oath

and be cntolled for five Y«"i!-; but rnv. p: di: c Su: --i v. t, ift.pp < ' <', n.: .n

be et.i>!. d, and take the luhjw-ing

Oath

moiM B*pnty Lieutenant*, nr (on the Death or Rem&val, or in the Absence of the said Lieutenant) anr three

or more Deputy Lieutenants mall, at a General Meeting to be lit Id for that Purpose, dismiss to their own Hornes by IVtilol, proportionally out of each respective Hundred, R i|?e. Lathe, Wapentake, or other Division, so many Militia Men as thill exceed tl c Number so fixed.d settled as aforesaid; and the several Persons so difmitTcd as aforesaid, shall remain liable to firve in the Militia, and shall and are hereby required to join any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia frrving for the County, Riding, or Place, from the Militia of which they shall have been dismissed, whenever culled upon so to do, for the Purpose of supplying. Vacancies that may ante in the said Militia; and the Names of all the Persons so dismissed as aforesaid shall be entered in a List; and the Deputy Lieutenants shall cause the Men necessary for supplying any Vacancies that may thereafter arise in the Militia of such County, Riding, or Place, to be ballotted for out of the Persons contained in any such Lift as aforesaid, while fit Persons can be found to supply such Vacancies, and so from Time to Time as Oc-calion shall require, so long as any of the Persons conta ned in any such Lift can be found fit to supply such Vacancies as aforesaid; and every Person so ballot ted to supply such Vacancy, who shall not be unfit by reason of Sickness or bodily inability, shall serve in the Militia of such County, Riding, or Place, upon the Conditions and for the Remainder of the Time for which such Person shall have been engaged to serve in such Militia before he was dismissed as aforesaid; and whenever and as soon as all Persons returned in any such Lift that can be found fit to supply such Vacancies as aforesaid, shall by Ballot have ftipplied such Vacancies as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Men necessary for supplying such future Vacancies as may arise in such Militia, shall be raised, chosen, and bnllotted for in Manner directed by this Act.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenants of any County, Riding, or Place, together with any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, or (on the Death or Removal, or in the Absener of any Lieutenant) any five or more Deputy Lieutenants may, at any General Meeting holden as before directed, alter the appointed Subdivisions within such County, Riding, or Place, if they shall see Occasion, and also may alter the established Allotment of the Number of Men iu each respective Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake, or other Division, to serve in the Militia, towards raising the Number of Militia Men by this Act, or by his Majesty's Order in Council, as the Case may be, directed to be raised for such County, Riding, or Place, according to the Numbers contained in the respective Certificates received from the several Subdivision Meetings.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenants assembled at their said second Meeting within any Subdivision as aforesaid, shall appoint what Number of Men shall serve for each Parish, Tything, and Place, within such Subdivision, in proportion to the Number last appointed, in the Manner herein-before directed, at a General Meeting, to serve for each Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake, or other Division; and shall appoint another Meeting to be holden within three Weeks from the Day on which such Meeting was holden within the same Subdivision, and shall issue out an Order to the Chief Constable or other Officers of the respective Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, requiring them to give Notice to the Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer of every Parish, Tything, or Place within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, of the Number of Men so appointed to serve for such Parish, Tything, or Place, and of the Time and Place of the next Subdivision Meeting; and the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, assembled in pursuance of such Appointments, shall cause the Number of Men appointed to serve as aforesaid to be chosen by Ballot out of the Lift returned for every Parish, Tything, or Place aforesaid, and shall appoint another Meeting to be holden within three Weeks in the same Subdivision, and shall issue out an Order to the Chief Constables or other Officers of the respetffive Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, to dirtift the Constable, Tythingman, Fleadborough, or other Officer of every Parish, Tything, or Place, to give Notice to every Man so chosen to serve in the Militia, to appear at such Meeting, which Notice shall be given or left at his Place of Abode at Raft seven Days before such Meeting; and such Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer, shall attend such Meeting, and make such Return upon Oath of the Days when such Notice was served; and every Person so chosen by Ballot shall, upon such Notice, appear at such Meeting, and if on Examination found able and fit for the Service, and approved of in Manner herein after directed, shall then and there take the following Oath; (that is to say, )

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty

4 f King George; and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia within Great Britain, for the Defence 01 the fame, during the Time of five Years, for which I am enrolled, unless I shall be sooner discharged.*

And every such Pc: Ton shall be then and there enrolled (in a Roil to be then and there prepared for that Purpose), to ierve in the Miiicia of such County, Riding, or Place, as a private Militia Man, for the Space of five Years: Provided nk\ >ys, that if any Person so choiui by Ballot finis produce for his Substitute a Man of the same County, Riding, or Place, or of some adjoining Pa.iih or Place, whether in the same County or Riding, or not, aide and lit for Service, who shall have not more than one Child born in Wedlock, and who shall be examined and approved in Manner hi rein-afer directed, such Substitute, so produced and approved, shall be enrolled to serve in the^liti.t of such Coun ty, Riding, or Place, as a private.Militia Man, for the Space of five Years, and -a'so for such further Time as the Militia shall remain embodied, it within the Space of five Years his MnJelly shall order and direct the Militia for which such Man is enrolled to be drawn out and embodied as as herein after provided; and such Suhilitute shall take the following Oath:

4 T B. B. do sincerely promise and fwcur. That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty 4 -k Ring George; and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia within. Great Britain, for the Defence of the same, during the Time of five Years, or for such further Time as the Militia shall remain embodied* if Within the Space of live Years his Majesty shall order and direct the Militia to be drawn out and embodied, unless I 4 ilialj be sooner discharged.*

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 90.

And any Person so chosen by Ballot, for whom such Substitute shall have been To produced, approved, enrolled, and sworn as aforesaid, shall be exempt from Service in the Militia, in the same Manner as if he himself had served according to the Directions of this Act.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Tithing, or Place, shall, with the Consent of the Inhabitants taken at a Vestry, or at any other Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, for the calling of which Vestry or Meeting three Days publick Notice shall be given, specifying the Cause of calling such Vdlrv or Meeting, provide and produce to the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, at any Subdivision Meeting for choosing the Militia Men by Ballot, any Volunteer or Volunteers, who shall be examined and approved as is herein-atter mentioned, such Volunteer or Volunteers so examined and approved shall be then and there sworn in and enrolled to serve for such Term, and on the same Conditions, as is herein-before provided in case of Substitutes produced by Persons chosen by Ballot; and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall cause only such Number of Persons to be chosen by Ballot out of the Lift returned for such Parish, Tithing, or Place, as shall be then wanted to make up the whole Number to serve for such Parish, Tything, or Place; and if any such Churchwardens or Overseers shall give to such Volunteer or Volunteers any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding six Pounds each, to serve in the Militia for such Parish, Tithing, or Fiace, it shall be lawful for such Churchwardens or Overseers to make a Rate upon the Inhabitants of such Parish, Tything, or Place, according to the Rate then made for the Relief of the Poor, which Rate (being approved by any Justice of the Peace), it shall be lawful for such Churchwardens or Overseers to collect, and to reimburse themselves such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall have paid to such Volunteer or Volunteers as aforesaid, and the Overplus (if any) shall he applied as Part of the Poors Rate; and if any Person shall refuse to pay such Rate, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, upon Complaint thereof made by any such Churchwarden or Overseer, by Warrant pnder his Hand and Seal, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, returning the Overplus (if any) after the said Rate, and the Charges of such Distress and $?ale shall be paid; but no Person chosen by Ballot, who shall have served in the Militia, -either by himself or by Substitute, according to the Directions of this Act, or any other Act or Acts, or who shall be then serving himself or by Suostitute, shall be liable to pay any such Rate: Provided always, that if any Person shall think himself aggrieved by any such Rate as aforesaid, such Person may appeal to the next General or Quarter Sessions, in like Manner as is provided in the Case of Appeals again! Rates for the Relief of the Poor.

XLIIt. And be it further enacted, That no Peer of this Realm, nor any Person being a commissioned Officer in his Majesty's other Forces, or in any one of his Majesty's Castles or Forts, nor any Officer on the Half Pay of the Navy, Army, or Marines, nor any non-cominiffi mid Officer or private Man serving in any of his Majesty's other Forces, nor any commi.honed Officer serving, or who has served four Years, in the Militia, nor any Person being a Resident Member of either of the Universuics, nor any Clergyman, nor any Teachers, licensed witlffn the County, Riding, or Place, to teach in some separate Congregation, whose Place of Meeting shall have been duly regift ere cl within twelve Months previous to the General Meeting appointed to meet in 08ober for the Purposes of this Act, nor any Constable or other Peace Officer, nor any articled Clerk, Apprentice, Seaman, or Seafaring Man, nor any Person mustered, trained, or doing Duty, or employed in any of his Majesty's Docks or Dock Yards for the Service thereof, or employed and mustered in his Majesty's Service in the Tower of London, Woolwich Warren, the several Gun Wharfs at P or if mouth, or at the several Powder Mills, Powder Magazines, or other Storehouses belonging to his Majesty, under the Direction of the Board of Ordnance, nor any Person being free of the Company of Watermen of the River Thames, nor any poor Man who ba3 more than one Child born in Wedlock, shall be liable to serve personally, or provide a Substitute to serve in the Militia; and no Person having served pci Tonally or Ly Substitute, according to the Directions of any former Act or Acts relating to the Militia, or under this Act, shall be obliged to serve again, until by Rotation it shall come to his Turn; but no Person who has served only as a Substitute or Volunteer in the Militia, shall by such Service be exempted from serving again, if he shall be chosen by Ballot.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if through the Neglect or Mistake of any Chief Constables, Constables, or other Officers, or from any other Cause, the full Number of Men appointed for any Subdivision should not be duly enrolled at the Meeting appointed for that Purpose as before directed, then the Deputy Lieutcntants at their said Meeting, or any two or more of them, may and they' are hereby required immediately to cause the Lifts to be amended, and to proceed to a fresh Ballot, and to adjourn their Meeting or appoint other Meetings, and repeat the amending of the Lifts as may be necessary and expedient for carrying the Purposes of th; 3 Act duly and fully into Ex .culion; and it shall be lawful for any one Deputy Lieutenant to administer the Oath herein-before required to be taken by Persons to serve in the Militia, to any Person ballotted, or to any Person offering as a Volunteer under the Directions of this Act, or to any Person who being qualified as this Act requires shall offer to serve as a Substitute, such ballotted Man, Volunteer, or Substitute, having been duly examined and approved as is herein after mentioned; and such Deputy Lieutenant is hereby authorized to direct and require the Clerk of the Subdivision for which every such Person by whom the said Oath has been before him taken is to serve, to enrol the Name of every such Person so having been duly examined and approved as aforesaid, together with the Date of the Day on which the said Oath was so administered to him, in the Roll of such Subdivision.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person chosen by Ballot, according to the Directions of this Act; to serve in the Militia (not being one of the People called Quakers), shall refuse or neglect to appear and take the said Oath, and serve in the Militia, or to provide a Substitute, to be examined and approved as herein after mentioned, who shall take the fa: d Oath, and l\gn his Consent to serve as a Substitute, every such Person so refusing or neglecting, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of tmi Pounds1, and at the Expiration of live Years be.again liable to serve or provide a Substitute; and iff Default of Payment of such Penalty, or for Want of fuf-

455

Volunteers may be received with the Consent of the Inhabitants of any Place, and a Rate established lor paying them Bounties, not exceeding. 61. each.

Persons having served by thera-selves or Substitutes not liable to the Rates. Appeals.

Persons

exempted.'

Substitutes of

Volunteers

liable.

Deputy Lieutenants may amend Lifts, and proceed, when necessary, to a trefh Ballot; . — One Deputy Lieutenant may ariminister Oaths, &c.

and order Men. to be-enrolled,

Fe* Tons chosen (except Quakers: (Sfr §; c) nvt a

ivC. ih.il laOcit 1 ol.

01 1 ft D Xwli V. r.vyuwiit. -'C

456

compelled to (etvcN

New Lifts shall be made out if any arc loft.

Persons chosen shall fcive though they remove; and having more than one Residence shall serve where first inferred in the Lift.

Persons shall feive for the County where thelV ifhChurch is situate.

Person* fraudulently bound Apprenticet shall be liable to serve, and the Master shall % forfeit 10L

Two Deputy 1 .ieutenants may may provide Substitutes for Quakers, and levy the Expences by Dif-irtfs, See. or commit the Defaulter.

Appeal to Deputy Lieutenants at next Meeting.

Justices may order Coits of Distress one Quakers for Rates for providing Volunteer (/<*§ 42.).

No Pc son to be deemed a Quaker, unless he produce a Ceitihcate.

C. 90. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

ficient Effects whereon to levy the same, the Name of such Person shall be entered on the Roll, and such Person shall be delivered over to some proper Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps for which he was ballotted, and shall be compelled to serve for such Term, to be computed from the Time of his being apprehended, as any other Person wl*> should be then ballotted for would be compellable to serve, and shall be subject to the same Punishments for afterwards absconding or deferring, as he would have been subjc& to in case he had appeared and been duly (worn and enrolled as a Militia Man.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if the Lift of any Parish, Tything, or Place shall be lost or destroyed, it shall be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, to cause a new Lift in such Parish, Tything, or Place to be made and returned to them, at their next Subdivision Meeting, in the same Manner as the Lift lost or destroyed was made, and ought to have been returned to them by Direction of the General Meeting.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia, shall be liable to such Service, although he may have removed from the Place where his Name was inserted in the Lift, provided he was residing in such Place at the Time when the Lift was, according to the Directions of this Act, k prepared; and every Person liable to serve in the Militia, having more than one Place of Rtfidenee, shall serve tot the County, Riding, or Place, where his Name shall have been fird inserted in such Lift as aforesaid, and the Clerk to the Subdivision Meeting to which such Lift shall be retuhied shall, if such Person requires the fame, grant a Certificate gratis under his Hand, that such Person's Name was infeited in such Lift, and specifying the Time when such Lift was made and returned.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Parish shall lie in two or more Counties or Ridings, the Inhabitants of such Parish shall serve in the Militia of the County or Riding wherein the Church belonging to such Parish is situated; and that such Parish shall, for all the Purposes of this Act, be deemed Part of such County or Riding.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any two or more Deputy Lieutenants shall at any of their Subdivision Meetings receive Information, or shall suspect that any Person whose Name is inserted in any List, and described as an Apprentice, has been fraudulently bound Apprentice, in order to avoid serving in the Militia, it shall be lawful for them to make Inquiry thereof, and to summon such Persons as they (haD think necessary to appear before them, at such Time and Place as they shall appoint, and to examine such Persons upon Oath; and in case it shall appear that such Binding was fraudulent, in order to avoid serving in the Militia, it shall be lawful for such Deputy Lieutenants to appoint such Person so fraudulently bound Apprentice to serve as a Militia Man for the Parish, Tithing, or Place for which such Lift shall have been returned, if there shall be a Vacancy, and if there shall be no Vacancy at that Time, then upon the first Vacancy that shall happen; and the Person to whom such Apprentice shall have been so bound shall, for such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum often Pounds.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, being one of the People called Quakers, shall be chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia, and shall retufe or negletft to appear, and to take the Oath and serve in the Militia, or to provide a Substitute of the same County, Riding, or Place, or of forac adjoining Parish or Place, to be examined and approved as herein after directed, who shall take the said Oath, and subscribe his Consent, to serve as the Substitute of such Quaker, then and in every such Case, any two or more Deputy Lieutenants shall, if they shall think proper, upon as reasonable Terms as may be, provide and hire a fit Person of the same County, Riding, or Place, or of some adjoining Parish or Place, to serve as a Substitute for such Quaker; and such Substitute shall, after being duly examined and approved, take the said Oath, and subscribe nis Consent to serve in the Militia, for the same Term and on the same Conditions as is herein-before directed in the Case of Substitutes produced by Persons chosen by Ballot; and any two or more t)eputy Lieutenants may and are hereby authorized, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Quaker, such Sum of Money as shall be necessary to defray the Expence of providing and hiring such Substitute, rendering to such Quaker the Overplus (if any), after deducting the Charges of such. Distress and Sale; and if no Goods or Chattels belonging to such Quaker can be found sufficient to levy such Distress, and it shall nevertheless appear satisfactorily to such Deputy Lieutenants that such Quaker is of sufficient Ability to pay the Sum of ten Pounds, then it shall be lawful for such Deputy Lieutenants to commit such Quaker to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of three Months, or until he shall have paid such Sum of Money as such Deputy Lieutenants shall have agreed to pay to such Substitute as aforesaid; and in case any Measures shall be used in making Distress as aforesaid, which may be by any such Quaker thought oppressive, it shall be lawful for such Quaker to complain to the Deputy Lieutenants at their next Meeting, who are hereby empowered and required to hear and finally determine the same.

LI. And be it further enacted, .That where any Rate shall have been made for the providing of Volunteer* according to the Directions of this Act, and the Churchwardens and Overseers shall make Complaint to a Justice of the Peace, that auy Quaker or Quakers had refused to pay the Sum or Sums of Money^he or they shall be rated at, such Justice shall order such Costs and Charges to be paid for levying such Distress as he shall think reasonable, not exceeding ten Shillings on each of the said Quakers where there arc no more than two, and where there are a greater Number than two, not exceeding hve Shillings on each of the said Quakers: Provided always, that no Man shall be deemed, taken, and accepted to be a Quaker within the Meaning of this Act, unless he shall produce, before the Deputy Lieutenants at some of their Subdivision Meetings, a Certificate under the Hands of two or more reputable Housekeepers being of the People called Quakers, resident within the said County, Riding, or Place, and dated within the three Months immediately preceeding the Day on which it shall be produced as aforesaid, acknowledging such Man to be one of their Persuasion.,

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C.ga. '-^57

LII. And be it further enacted, That no Man shall be approved or enrolled to serve in the Militia unden this Aeither as a ballotted Man, or as a Substituteor Volunteer, until he shall have been carefully examined by (btee Surgeon of competent Skill, - and shall have been declared and reported by such Surgeon to be neither ruptured, lame, maimed, noraffli&ed with any Difordei* that may render him unlit to serve, but to be in every respect able and fit for Service; and the Deputy Lieutenants assembled at their Subdivision Meetings, or any two Deputy Lieutenants, shall in all Cases, before they proceed to enroll any Mart for the Militia, cause such Examination to be carefully made; and it shall be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants, and they are hereby empowered and directed, to require the Attendance of any Surgeon of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of the Mditia of the County, Riding, or Place for which any Man is to be enrolled, if any such Surgeon 19 within a rcatonable Diitancd, and can conveniently be had, or otherwise to require the Attendance of any other competent Surgeon for that Purpose; and a reasonable Allowance, not exceeding ten Shillings, shall be made to the Surgeon performing such Examination, for every Day he shall actually attend for that Purpose, and shall be paid to him in like Manner as Allowances are by this Act directed to be made and paid to Subdivision Clerks.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear to any two or more Deputy Lieutenants assembled at any Subdivision Meeting, that any Person chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia is not of the full Height of five Feet four Inches, or is rot approved upon Examination by a Surgeon according to the Directions of this Act, and is not seised or po/Tefled of an Estate in Land, Goods, or Money, of the clear Value of one hundred Pounds, and who shall make Oath that he is not seised or possessed of such Estate, such Deputy Lieutenants shall, and are hereby empowered and required to discharge such Person, and immediately to amend the Lilt for the Place for which such Person shall have been ballotted, and to cause another Person to be chosen in his itcad, by Ballot, according to the Directions of this Act.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenants in their several Subdivisions shall, as soon as they shall have enrolled the Number of Men required in their Subdivision, divide the Men so enrolled into as many Clnfics of the Description herein after mentioned as shall be found among such Men; that is to say, in the first Class they shall put all the Men under thirty Years of Age, and having no Child or Children living; and in the second Class, all the Men above thirty Years of Age, having no Child or Children living; and in the third Class, all the Men not having any Child or Children living under the Age of fourteen Years; and in the fourth Class, all the Men having any Child or Children, one of whom only shall be under the Age of fourteen Years; and in the last Class, all the Men not included in any of the former Descriptions; and shall forthwith make out a List of such Cla/Tcs according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (E), and within three Days after the completing thereof, the Clerk of such Subdivision Meeting shall transmit to the Clerk to the General Meetings an exact and true Copy of such Lift* made out in such Form as aforesaid, to be by him entered in a Boole to be kept for that Purpose.

LV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Militia Man, after having been sworn and enrolled, shall become unfit for Service, it shall be lawful for the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which such Militia Man shall belong, together with any two or more Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Riding, or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps belongs, if the said Regiment, Battalion, or Corps shall then be within the said County, Riding, or Place, or for the Colonel or other Commandant only, if thfe said Regiment, Battalion, or Corps shall be absent therefrom, to discharge such Militia Man from his Regiment, Battalion, or Corps; but another Man shall not be ballotted for in the Room of such Militia Man so discharged, until such Discharge shall be confirmed under the Hands of two or more Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Riding, or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps belongs, assembled at any Meeting in the Subdivision for which such Militia Man was enrolled, or at any General Meeting for the County, Riding, or Place as aforesaid.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That when any private Militia Man shall, before the Expiration of the Term for which he was to serve, die, or be appointed a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer in the Militia, or be discharged in Manner aforesaid, as unfit for Service, in pursuance of the Sentence of a Court Martial, the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to w'hich such private Man shall belong, shall certify the Vacancy occasioued by such Death, Appointment, or Discharge (as the Case may be), to the Clerk to the General Meetings, who shall forthwith transmit the said Certificate to the Deputy Lieutenants of the Subdivision for which such private Man shall have been enrolled, and such Vacancy shall be filled up by a fresh Ballot for a Militia Man to serve according to the Provisions of this Act.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any private Militia Man shall be appointed a Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corp> of Militia, in the Room of any Ko; i-commissioned Officer or Drummer reduced to the Ranks, no Ballot shall take place in the Parish or Place for which such private Man so appointed was then serving, in conference of any Vacancy occasioned l y fuc h Appointment, until the Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer so reduced shall have obtained his Difehaigc.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That where in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, in which any private Man shall be appointed a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, in consequence of any Vacancy ec-cafioned by the Death or Discharge of any Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer, the Parish or Place for which such private Militia Man was then serving, shall find and provide another Man in lift Head, it shall be lawful for any two Deputy Lieutenants acting for the Subdivision wherein such Parish or Place shall he situate, to certify the same to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the next General or Quarter Siifious of the Peace held for the same County, Riding, or Place, and the said Justices shall at such Sessions order a Sum of Money not exceeding the average Price paid for a Substitute or Volunteer in such Parish or Place, or any adjoining Parish or Place, to be paid out of the County Rates to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Place, which shall find and provide another Man as aforesaid, whether such Man shall ierve personally or by Substitute, and to be applied in Aid of the Poor's Rates in such Parish or Place.

4< Geo. III. ..... 3 N L7X. Anti

No Man shall he enrolled until examined and approved by a Surgeon.

Surgeon's Allowance.

Two Deputy Liiuten; mt> may disch.uge Persons chosen if unfit for Service (and not worth iooh>^ and odier; (Em Lc choft n.

Deputy Lieu* tenants shall'class the Merr cm oiled, ami*make out»bid (See Schedule E.) a Copy of which the Subdivision Clerk* shall transmit to the Clerk of the General Meetings to be entered in a Boole.

Men becoming unfit mny be <fif-chaigtd; but if by the Commanding Officer only, Discharge muii be con-fir met! by two Deputy Lieutenants.

Vacancies by* Dt ath, kc shall be filled up by a fitfh Ballot.

No Ballot on Pri-\ .1*1 ' % I t ing m.v!e Non- com-ntdiioned Officer in Ro^ra uf 0: 1c reduced., Where Man It provided in the I ' ooni of one ap-tinted Serjeant, &c. Se#-fiit.s may owlet a Sum to be; aid out of the County Ratct in Aid of the Pom's Rates of tho. Place.

45& C. 90.

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

Deputy Lieutenant', on CertiBcate of Death, Promo-ti in Sec. shall supply Vacancies.

LIX. And be it further enacted, Thit whenever any Certificate, finned by the Colonel or other Command* ant of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, shall be transmitted to the Deputy Lieutenant of the Subdivision for which any private Militia Man shall have been enrolled, of any such private Militia Man having died, or been appointed a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer in the Militia, or been discharged as being unfit for Service, in Manner aforesaid, or in pursuance of the Sentence of a Court Martial, such Deputy Lieutenants shall, and are hereby required to cause such Vacancy to be filled up by Ballot immediately after the Receipt of such Certificate, except in such Cases as are in this Act excepted.

LX. And be it further enacted, That any two or irore of the Deputy Lieutenants, at their several Subdivision Meetings, shall, and they are hereby required to ballot for Militia Men, in the Room of all Militia Men actually serving, whose Terms of Service will expire before the twentieth Day of November then next ensuing the holding of such Subdivision Meetings, and shall at a following Meeting to be holden as soon as conveniently may be, proceed ta enroll the said ballotted Men or their Substitute* as aforesaid; and the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, is hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to discharge any Man of his Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, whose Time of Service will expire before the twentieth Day of November then next ensuing, and to receive any other Militia Man in his Room, who shall have taken the Oath, and been enrolled according to the Directions of this Act; and every such Man so discharged, if serving for himself, shall be entitled to the same Immunity from further Service as if he had served his full Term; and if any such Man so discharged was serving as a Substitute, then the Person for whom he served, shall be entitled to the like Immunity as aforesaid.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Servant whatever, hired by the Year or otherwise, shall be enrolled as a Militia Man by virtue of this Act, such Enrollment shall not vacate orrefeind the Contract or alter the Engagement between such Servant and his Mailer or Mistress, or Employer or Employers, unless the Militia of the County, Riding, or Place for which such Servant shall be enrolled, shall be embodied or called out by his Majesty, or ordtred so to be in pursuance of this Act, or unless such Person so enrolled shall leave the Service of his Matter or Mifirefs, Employer or Employers, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, for the Space of twenty-one Days, in pursuance of this Act, and shall not return again to the same Service at the End of such twenty-one Days, or as soon after as reasonably may be, allowing to his Master, Mistress, or Employer or Employers, an Abatement from his Wages in proportion to the Duration of his Absence from his said Service, to be settled by a Justice of the Peace in the Manner herein after mentioned; and in every such Case, where any Dispute shall arise between such Servant and his Master or Mistress, or Employer or Employers, touching any Sum or Sums of Money due to such Servant for or on account of his Service performed before the Time of his Departure from Service, under the Conditions of the said Enrollment, or by i!ce and If e Uf* ^eing called out to join the Militia in which he shall have been so enrolled, or touching any Abatement to be Sum feviet^by by such Servant by reason of his Absence for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, it shall and

may be lawful, on Complaint made thereof to any Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, City, Liberty, Town Corporate, or Place where such Master or Mistress, or Employer, or Employers shall inhabit, for such Justice to hear and determine every such Complaint, and to examine upon Oath every such Servant, or any other Witness or Witnesses, touching the fame, and to make such Order for the Payment of so much Wages to such Servant in Proportion to the Service he has performed, or such Abatement from his Wages, in Proportion to the Duration of his Absence from his Service as the Case may require, and as to such Justice shall leem just and reasonable, provided the Sum in Question do not exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds; and in case of Refusal or Non-payment of ary Sums so ordered to be paid by the Space of twenty-one Days next after such Determination, such "Justice may and shall issue forth his Warrant to levy the same by Diflrd's and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Master or Mistress, or Employer or Employers, rendering the Overplus to the Owner or Owners, after Payment of the Charges of such Di ft refs and Sale.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person wno shall receive Money from any other Person to serve as his Substitute in the Militia, or from any Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor to serve as a Volunteer as aforesaid, and shall neglect to appear at the usual Meeting appointed for swearing in the Militia Men, or before some one Deputy Lieutenant, m order to be sworn according to the Directions of this Act, being convicted thereof before any Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, shall be obliged to return the Money to the Person or Persons from whom he received it, and shall forfeit and pay to such Person or Persons any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than twenty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace before whom he shall be so convicted; and if such Offender shall not immediately return the Money so by him received as aforesaid, and likewise pay the said Penalty, he shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for fourteen Days, or until the said Sum shall be returned.

LX til. And be it further enacted, That if any Person chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia, shall have engaged any other Person to serve as his Substitute, or if any Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor shall have engaged any Person to serve as a Volunteer as aforesaid, and the Person so chosen by Ballot, or such Churchwardens or Overseers, shall have agreed to pay to the Person so engaged, a certain Sum for such Service, it shall be lawful for two Deputy Lieutenants, or any one Justice of the Peace, when the Militia of the County, Riding, or Flace, for which such Substitute or Volunteer shall be enrolled shall not be embodied, and they and he are and is hereby required, after such Substitute or Volunteer has been examined by a Surgeon, and approved according to the Direction&of this AC1, and enrolled by the Deputy Lieutenants in pursuance thereof, to order such Sum of Money as shall appear to them or him to be due £o the Substitute 01 Volunteer so engaged, to be immediately paid to him on such Enrollment, by the Person or Persons by or for whom he shall be engaged to serve as aforesaid; and in every Case where the Militia shall be embodied at the Time of fr.ch Enrollment, it shall be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants or Jirftic^to direct any Sum not exceeding one Half Part of the said Sum of Money so engaged to be given as aforesaid, to-be paid to him forthwith, or to be advanced to such Person, or to such of his Family, and in such Proportions, as he shall request at the Time

of

How Men shall be supplieri in Room of those whose Term' of Service will expire before Nov. 20, in e-ch Year,

Enrolment of Servants Hull aot vacate their Conti4As with their Mastert, wilefe the Militia shall be embodied, Sic.

Disputts touching Wages or Abatement' thereof, underol. may b« set-

&>lftief«, fice.

Hu'-stitutes or Volunteers not appearing to be sworn, fttjll return the Bounty, and l*e liable to Benahy from 40s. to 20s. or be committed.

How two Deputy Lieutenants r a Justice mayrderthe Money agreed to be given to a Substitute or Volunteer, to be paid him.

A.D. 180a.

42° GEORGII III.

G. 90.

of such his Enrollment, and the remaining Part thereof to be paid to and received by the Clerk of the Sub-division Meeting, who shall thereupon forthwith remit the same to the Paymaster or Battalion Clerk of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia to which such Substitute or Volunteer shall be sent as a Militia Man, to be retained by him until such Substitute or Volunteer shall have joined such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, and been approved at Head Quarters as fit to serve, and then to be paid or accounted for to such Substitute or Volunteer; and if he shall not join or be approved of, then such Money shall remain in the Hands of such Paymaster, to be afterwards applied in like Manner to the Payment of some other Substitute or Volunteer, in lieu of the one for whom such Money shall have been remitted as aforesaid; and such Deputy Lieutenants or Justice shall proceed therein for enforcing the Payment of every such Sum of Money, in such and the like Manner in every respect, and by all such and the like Powers and Authorities as is and are directed by and Contained in an Act of the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for the better adjusting and more easy Recovery of the Wages of certain Servants, and for the better regulating of such Servants, and of certain Apprentices; and if any such Subdivision Clerk shall omit or negk& to remit such Money within one Week after the same shall have been paid to him as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer, Serjeant, or other Person, shall at any Time wilfully and knowingly enlist any Man to serve in his Majesty's other Forces, who at the Time of such enlisting shall be enrolled or engaged to serve in the Militia, every such enlisting shall be deemed null and void; and in case any Militia Man at the Time of offering to enlist as aforesaid, shall deny to the Officer, Serjeant, or other Person recruiting for Men to enlist and serve in his Majesty's other Forces, that he is (at the Time of his offering to enlist) a Militia Man then actually enrolled and engaged to serve (which the said Officer, Seneant, or other Person is hereby required to a(k every Man offering to enlist in his Majesty's other Forces), or mall offer himself to be enrolled and serve in any other Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, every Militia Man so offending shall, on Conviction thereof upon the Oath of one Witness before any one Justice of the Peace, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for and during any Time not exceeding six Months, over and above any Penalty or Punishment to which such Person so offending is or shall be otherwise liable; and every Person so offending, from the Day on which his Engagement to ferre in the Militia shall end, and not sooner, shall belong as a Soldier to the Corps of his Majesty's other Forces into which he shall have been so enlisted; and if any Officer or other Person shall enlist any Man belonging to the Militia to serve in his Majesty's other Forces, knowing him to belong to the Militia, or without afleing him if he belongs to the Militia, every such Officer, Serjeant, or other Person, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds; aind if any Person actually serving in any of his Majesty's other Forces, shall offer himself to serve and be enrolled as a Substitute in the Militia, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay to the Person informing of such Offence the Sum of ten Pounds, or be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding three Months.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall give Orders to any Serjeant, Drummer, or other Person serving in the Militia, to beat up in any City, Town, or Place, for Volunteers to serve in the Militia, the Person who shall give such Orders shall, upon Proof thereof and of such beating up as aforesaid, upon Oath before any Justice of the Peace, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall be applied to the Use of the Person who shall make Information thereof before any Justice of the Peace; and if such Serjeant, Drummer, or other Person shall refuse to declare upon Oath before such Justice from whom he received such Orders, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and lie is hereby required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Serjeant, Drummer, or other Person, to the House of Correction for any Time not exceeding tlirec months.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Money irifing by Penalties incurred for refusing to serve in the Militia, or to find Substitutes to serve in their Room, shall be applied by any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, within their respective Subdivisions, in providing Substitutes for the Persons who have paid such nalties, which Substitutes shall be examined, approved, (worn in, and enrolled to serve for the same Term, in the same Manner, and on the same Conditions as is herein-before provided in the Case of Substitutes provided by Persons chosen by Ballot; and if any Surplus shall remain, the same shall be paid to tin: Colonels or other Commandants of the respective Regiments, Battalions, or Corps in which such Persons ought to have served at Militia Men, and be applied as Part or Return of the Regimental Stock; and the Return of the Amount M such Penalties with the Names of Persons paying the fame, shall be transmitted by the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, to the Clerks of the General Meetings.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in the Execution of this Act, when any Matter at Thing is directed to be inquired of of examined into, upon the Oath of any Witness or Witnesses, before any Lieutenant of any County, or*any Deputy Lieutenant or Lieutenants, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, any such Lieutenant, Deputy Lieutenant or Lieutenants, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, is or are hereby authorized to administer such Oath to any Witness or Wirntifes; and that all other Oaths to be taken in pur-fuauce of this Act, shall and may be respe<HIvcly admiuiftertd by any Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenant.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Militia of the several Counties, Rid»i.g % and Places aforesaid, shall be sunned into Companies which shall not consist of more than one hundred and twenty, nor of less than sixty private Men, and that to each of such Companies there shall be one Captain ard one Lieutenant, and nc Eufign; ar d that where the Number of Men raifvd for any County, Riding, or Place, is sufficient, the Militia thereof shall be formed into one or more Regiments, confiding of not n ore than twelve nor of less than eight such Companies; and where the Number of Men raised in any County, Riding, or Place, is not fuih-

3 N l

45,

[: o Geo. 2. c. »9-l

Penalty on Clerk

for Ncgkrt, 2<?1.

Enlistment of Militia Man into the Standing Army shall be void: Penally on any Man so offering to enltft himself;

and on Office-, &c. enlisting Men.

Penalty on Soldiers offering to serve a* Substitutes tn the Militia.

Penalty on Serjeants Ac. of the Militia beating up for Volunteer?, 10l. Ac.

Api liatkm i*f IVuhic* for re* fusing to fc.ve, &c.

Re turns fti.ril htr

n ade wf the Penaltie s, &c.

County Lieutenants, &c. -u* tliuiin>d to .<d-mir.uter

How the Rr.

nients ot Nifuia ft.Ji i-t torn»d a: it. wi'.er-d.

A.D. 181»

469 C. 99.

42 GEORGII III.

Cupcnumorrry

rr.; iv ±>e apj'oirrt'Vi lor Artillery.

How Indcpend-cnt Companies shall be Mined, &c.

His Majesty raey

in certain Cases use hit Discie- tton in ordering Militia to be formed and regelated.

How County I ieutenants ' may adtas Conr*-fn.mdants of the MiJilia.

How Lku'c-

n- ni Colonel may be ap^int-d Colonel.

How Militia it to be office: ed, where Numbers are mot sufficient for a Rt ^iment.

crent to form*Regiment, the Militia thereof shall be formed into a Battalion, confiding of not irore than seven nor of left than four such Companies; and where the Number of Men raised in any County, Riding, or Place, is not sufficient to fqrm a Battalion of four such Companies the Militia thereof shall be formed into a Corps, couiilling of not less than three such Companies; and that the Field Officers of such Regiments, Battalions* and Corps respective]y, shall in no Case exceed the respective Numbers and Ranks following; (that is to say)* in every Regiment confiding of not less than eight hundred private Men, one Colonel, one Lieutenant Colonel, and two Majors; in every Regiment or Battalion confiding of not less than four hundred and eighty private Men, one Colonel, one Lieutenant Colonel, and one Major; and in every Battalion confiding of lcis than four hundred and eighty private Men, one Lieutenant Colonel and one Major; and in every Corps confiding of three Companies, one Lieutenant Colonel or Major, and no other Field Officer: Provided always that no Colonel or Field Officer in the Militia shall be a Captain of a Company: Provided also, that every Battalion confiding of live Companies or upwards, may have one Company of Grenadiers or Light Infantry, to which two Lieutenants shall be appointed indead of one Lieutenant and one Ensign; and that every Regiment may have one Company of Grenadiers and one Company of Light Infantry, toeach of which Companiestwo Lieutenants shall be appointed in dead of one Lieutenant and one Ensign: Provided also, that to every Company confiding of ninety private Men and upwards, there may be two Lieutenants and one Ensign, or three Lieutenants as the Case may be.

LXIX. Provided always, That if his Majesty shall at any Time direct that any Proportion of the said Militia shall be trained and exercised to the service of any Artillery that may be attached to any Regiment or Battalion, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to direct that a Supernumerary Officer or Officers of the said Regiment or Battalion of such Rank as his Majesty shall order, and being duly qualified as aforesaid, shall be appointed to and for the said Men so directed to be trained and exercised as aforesaid.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That in the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, where the Number of Militia Men shall not be sufficient to form a Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of four Companies, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Militia of such Counties, Ridings, and Places, shall be formed into Independent Companies, each Company to coufid of one hundred and twenty private Men at the mod, and sixty private Men at the lead, with one Captain, and one Lieutenant, and one Ensign, to each Company; and that his Majesty may, whenever he think proper, order any Number of such Independent Companies of the Militia, of different Counties, Ridings, or Places, to be joined together to form a Regiment, Battalion, or Corps as aforesaid, or to be incorporated with any other Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia: Provided always that the Number of Companies in any such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, be not thereby made to exceed the Number of Companies of which a Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, is herein-before directed to .con fid.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, in every Case for which no sperial Provision is made by this Act, to cause the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, to be formed and regulated in such Manner as to his Majesty shall seem meet, in regard to the Number of Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, or to the uniting any Number of Companies of Militia of any Counties, Ridings, or Places, not having respectively a sufficient Number of Men to form a distinct Battalion or Corps of three Companies for each, conforming in every Case, as near a9 the Proportions of Men will admit, to the Establishment with respect to Regiments, Battalions, Corps, and Companies in this Act particularly directed.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of any County, Riding, or Place, to act as Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia for such County, Riding, or Place, for and during such Time as there shall not be any Colonel or other Commandant appointed to such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps; but no such Lieutenant shall at any one Time aft as Commandant of more than one Body of Militia, whether Regiment, Battalion, or Corps; and where the Lieutenant of any County, Riding, or Place, shall take the Command of any Militia of the said County, Riding, or Place, not being according to the Provisions of this Act sufficient to form a Regiment or Battalion to be commanded by a Colonel, such Lieutenant shall notwithstanding be entitled to the Rank of Colonel, unless such Militia shall be united with the Militia of any other County, Riding, or Place as aforesaid: Provided always that no such Lieutenant shall, in virtue or by reason of any such Command as aforesaid, receive any greater Pay than the proper Commandant of such Corps would be entitled to.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That when a Battalion of Militia ft commanded by a Lieutenant Ch» -lone!, who shall have been Commandant of the same for five Years or longer while embodied, it shall be law for the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place to which such Battalion shall belong, with the Approbation of his- Majesty, to give to such Lieutenant Colonel Commandant a Commission of Colonel.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in any County, Riding, or Place, where the Number of private Men is sufficient to form a Battalion of less than four hundred and eighty private Men, but not less than three hundred and sixty private Men, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of such County, Riding, or Place, to appoint three Persons, qualified according to the Dirtftions of this Act, to serve with the Rank of Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, and Major, but with no higher Pay than if they were appointed Lieutenant Colonel, Major, and Captain respectively; and where the Number of private Men shall be sufficient to form three Companies of sixty private Men at the lead, but not sufficient to form four Companies as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Lieutenant to appoint two Persons qualified as aforesaid, to serve with the Rank of Lieutenant Colonel and Major respectively, but that only one of them shall be entitled to any higher pay than that of Captain; and where the Number of private Militia Men is net sufficient to form more than two Companies of sixty private Men at the lead, the elaeft Captain shall serve with the Rank of Major, but shall only be entitled to the Pay of Captain,

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 96. 461

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of any Militia Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, being duly qualified, who may have accepted, or shall accept a Commission or Appointment of the same Rank in any other Militia Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, and shall thereby vacate his former Cc*nmission, shall continue to rank in the general Service, according to the Date of his Commission or Appointment of the same Rank in the Militia so vacated as aforesaid.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That when any Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, shall be absent from Great Britain, and until he shall return to Great Britain, and shall have notified his Arrival to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place to which such Regi-giment, Battalion, or Corps shall belong, and to the Commanding Officer and Adjutant thereof, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by Warrant under his Sign Manual, to direct and order that the Officer next in Command, who shall be residing in Great Britain, shall in all Cases aft and serve as the Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps; and all Powers and Authorities which might have been exercised by such Colonel or other Commandant, so absent as afoi'esaid, while resident in Great Britain, shall be vested in and exercised by the Officer next in Command in such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, who shall be resident in Great Britain; and from and after issuing the said Warrant as aforesaid, all Matters and Things which ought to be transacted and done by any other Person or Persons with such Colonel or other Commandant whilst resident in Great Britain, shall be transacted and done during the Time aforesaid, with such Officer so next in Command as aforesaid, who shall be residing in Great Britain; and all Money directed to be issued or paid to or to the Order of such Colonel or other Commandant for the Use of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, shall be issued and paid to or to the Order of such Officer next in Command as aforesaid; and all Acts, Matters, and Things, done by and with such Officer so next in Command as aforesaid, during the Time aforesaid, which are or shall be authorized or required to be done by or with such Colonel or other Commandant when in Great Britain, shall be good and valid as if done by or with such Colonel or other Commandant; and during the Absence from Great Britain of the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, and until he shall return to Great Britain, and notify his Arrival as aforesaid, the Officer next in Command in such Regiment, Battalion, or-Corps, who shall be residing in Great Britain, shall appoint the Regimental or Battalion Clerk and Agent to-such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, in the same Manner as such Colonel or other Commandant might have done, and shall take Security from such Agent, and shall be and is hereby made subject and liable to make good all Deficiencies that may happen from the said Agent or from himfetf, upon account of the Pay, Cloathing, or publick Stock of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps: Provided always that such Officer so next in Command as aforesaid, who shall assume the Powers so given to him as aforesaid, in consequence of the Absence from Great Britain, of his Colonel or other Commandant, shall, within seven Days after he shall assume any such Powers, notify the Absence from Great Britain of such Colonel or other Commandant, to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place, and also, when the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, shall be in actual Service, to the Secretary at War: Provided also, that if any such Colonel, or other Commandant as aforesaid, shall have given any Orders for Cloathing or other Necessaries, or for Accoutrements, which pught to be provided in due Course, or in pursuance of any Order by proper Authority, at the Time whcitfuch Order shall be given for the Use of his Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, and if before such Order shall be* completed, or after the same shall be completed, and before the Money shall be issued for the fame, such Colonel or other. Commandant shall leave Great Britain, the Orders so given by such Colonel or other Commandant, shall nevertheless be completed, and the Money to be issued in respect thereof shall be paid to the Order of such Colonel or other Commandant, notwithstanding his Absence from Great Britain as aforesaid; and in like Manner if any Officer so next in Command as aforesaid, shall in consequence of the Absence from Great Britain of hia Colonel or other Commandant, and under the Authorities given to him as aforesaid, give any Orders for Cloathing or other Necessaries, or for Accoutrements, which ought to be provided in due Course, or in pursuance of any Order by proper Authority, at the Time when such Orders shall be given for the Use of his Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, and, before such Orders shall be completed, or after the same shall be completed, and before the Money which ought to be issued shall be issued for the fame, the Colonel or other Commandant shall return to Great Britain, and notify his Arrival as aforesaid, the Orders so given by such Officer so next in Command as aforesaid shall be completed, and the Money to be issued in respect thereof shall be paid to the Order o. such Officer, not with (landing the Return of such Colonel or other Commandant as aforesaid.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty may and shall appoint one proper Person, who shall have firved in feme of his Majesty's other Forces, or in the Militia while embodied, for the Term of five Years at the least, to be an Adjutant to.each Regiment, Battalion, and Corps of Militia; and such Adjutant, if appointed out of his Majesty's other Forces, shall, during his Service in the Militia, preserve his Rank in the Army in the same Manner as if he had continued in that Service; and it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of any County, Riding, of Place, on the Recommendation of the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, raised within such County, Riding, or Place, to appoint the Adjutant ef such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, to serve with the Rank of Captain, provided such Adjutant shall have served five Years in the Militia while embodied, or in his Majesty's other Forces, although such Adjutant may not have the Qualification required by this Act for Captains: Provided always that no such Appointment to the Rank of Captain shall be valid, unless in the Instrument granting the same it be specified in what Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of the Militia, while embodied, or of his Majesty's other Forces, such Adjutant hath served, and what was or were the Date or Dates of his Commission or Commissions: Provided also, that no Adjutant so appointed to serve with the Rank of Captain shall, by virtue of the Date of such Appointment as aforesaid, or otherwise, be entitled to rank above or to command any Captain of a Company in the Militia: Provided jdfo, that no such Adjutant shall, by reason of any such Appointment as aforesaid, be entitled to receive any greater or other Pay tlua that of Adjutant.

6 LXXVIII.And

Rank of Officers accepting Cora* missions in any other Regiment of Militia*

When a Corn-man- ant shall he absent from C rezi Britain, hi* M: ijesty may direct the Officer next in Command to alt, who shall have the same Powers till the Commandant*shall return and notify his Arrival to Clerk of the Peace.

Hotr fuclr Absence of the Commandant shall be notified to the County Lieutenant and Secretary at War.

Orders of Commandart, or hia next in Command, Jor Cloathing or Accoutrements, shall he duly completed.

His Majesty may appoint certain Persont to be Adjutants who may be appointed to the Rankof Captain, though not qualified as duelled by $ 6, &c.

Rank and Pay of such Adjutant*

To Corps of not less than two Companies of sixty Men each, d Surgeon iruybe appointed:

His Allowance, bec. while Militia difcmbo-died.

Whet -embodied, such Sur-get in ftull receive Pay, bee. as in the Infantry, hut shall not hold any other Comnnflion.

Appointment of (Quarter Mailer

Appointment of Regimental Clerk as Pay-mailer.

No Adjutant, £cc, shall be appointed Captain of a Company, &c.

Half-Pay Officers fei\ ing as Suhallems, 3tc. may receive their Half Pay oh taking the following Oath,

Proportions of Ntin-commissioned Officer? and Drummers, ai>d their Fuy.

C. 90. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where the Number of private Militia Men raised in any County, Riding, or Place, is sufficient to form a Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, confiding of not left than two Companies of sixty private Men each at the lead, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of such County, Riding, or Place, with the Approbation of his Majesty to appoint one fit and proper Person, who shall have passed an Examination at Surgeons Hall, and received his Certificate accordingly, to be Surgeon of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps; and every such Appointment shall recite the Certificate of the Person so appointed, and an attested Copy thereof shall be transmitted to and filed with the Clerk of the General Meetings; and every such Surgeon shall, while the Militia to which he shall belong are disembodied, receive ten Shillings per Day for every Day of his Attendance during any Exercise of such Militia under this Act, and the same for every Day that he shall attend the Enrolments at the Subdivision Meetings; such last- Attendances being certified by any Deputy Lieutenant or Lieutenants of such Subdivision Meeting to the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Militia shall belong; and in Addition thereto, every such Surgeon shall also receive his actual and reasonable Expence for Medicines and Necessaries for the Sick, during the Time of any Exercise of such Militia in pursuance of this Act, and for his Attendance Medicines and Necessaries for the sick Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, when actually resident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, as herein after directed, which shall be repaid him by the Receiver General on an Account dated by such Surgeon, and certified by the Commanding Officer and Adjutant of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which he shall belong, and if any such Corps shall have no Adjutant, then by the Commanding Officer of each Company; and every such Surgeon so appointed as aforesaid shall, during the Time of the Militia to whLh he shall belong being embodied, receive the Pay and Allowance of a Surgeon of Infantry in his Majesty's other Forces, and be subject to the like Rules, Restrictions, and Directions in every respect as far as the same may be applicable; and no such Surgeon shall be capable of holding any other Commission in such Militia, or of receiving any Pay in respect of any other Commission in such Militia, during the Time of his being such Surgeon as aforesaid.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That, in every Case where the Number of private Militia Men raised in any County, Riding, or Place, is sufficient to form a Regiment or Battalion, confiding of not left than three hundred and sixty private Men, it shall be lawful for the Colonel of such Regiment or Battalion, with the Approbation of his Majesty, to appoint one fit and proper Person, who has served in his Majesty's other Forces, or in the embodied Militia, to be the Quarter Matter of any such Regiment or Battalion respectively; and it shall be law! il for the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place for which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong, on the Recommendation of the Colonel thereof, to appoint such Quarter Mader to serve with the Rank of Lieutenant or Ensign, although such Quarter Mader may not have the Qualification required by this Act for Lieutenants or Ensigns respectively: Provided always, that such Quarter Mader shall not be capable of holding any Commission or receiving any Pay in respect of any Commission in any Company in the Militia, during the Time of his being such Quarter Mader as aforesaid.

LXXX.tAnd be it further enacted, that the Colonel or other Commandant of every Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, confiding of not left than three Companies, when such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps is not in actual Service, may appoint a Regimental or Battalion Clerk, who shall execute the Office of Pay mader, but w here the Number of private Men shall not be sufficient to form three Companies of sixty private Men at the lead, no Clerk shall be allowed, but the Receiver General of the Laud Tax, and all other Persons required by this Act to remit or pay any Money to any Regimental or Battalion Clerk, in respect oTthe Militia, or on behalf of any Men serving, shall remit and pay all Monies to be paid in respect of such Company or Companies, or on behalf of any Man ierving therein, to the Commanding Officer thereof, which Commanding Officer shallaccount for the same in like Manner in every respect as a Regimental or Battalion Clerk.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That 110 Adjutant, Surgeon, Regimental or Battalion Clerk, Pay-mader or Quarter Mader in the Militia, shall be capable of being appointed Captain of a Company, nor shall any Person holding the Commission of Captain of a Company be capable of being appointed Adjutant, Surgeon, Regimental or Battalion Clerk, Pay mader, or Quarter Mader of Militia.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Officer w ho is entitled to Half Pay shall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit such Half Pay, during the Time he shall serve as Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Regimental or Battalion Clerk, Quarter Mader, or Surgeon in the Militia, but that the same shall nevertheleft continue; and iudeadof the Oath usually required of Half Pay Officers to entitle them to the Receipt of their Half Pay, every such Officer so entitled to Half Pay and Li ving as aforesaid, shall take the following Oath

T B. do swear, That I had not between the and the any Place or

A Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half Pay as a

reduced in late Regiment of favc and except rr.y Pay

as Lieutenant, [Ensign, Adjutant, Regimental or Battalion l^lcrk, Quarter Mader, or Surgeon, eu the Case

may £ri], for serving in the Militia.'

And the taking of the said Oath shall, without taking any other Oath, be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his Hair Pay.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers shall be>appointed to Militia, in the following Proportions; (that is to say, ) when not in actual Service there shall be one Serjeant, and one Corporal to every thirty private Men, and when the Militia shall be drawn out into actual Service, an Addition shall be made, so that there shall be one Serjeant and one Corporal to every twenty private Men, and wffien not in actual Service, there shall be one Diummer to every Company, with an Addition of

' 1 one

4«3

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 90.

one Drummer for each Flank Company of Regiments or Battalions confiding of fire or more Companies as aforesaid; and when the Militia shall be drawn out into actual Service, there shall be an Addition of one Drummer to every Company, so drawn out, and the daily Pay of every such Serjeant, Corporal, and Drummer respectively, when not in actual Service, shall be as follows} (that is t-.' say), of every Serjeant, one Shilling and six Pence} of every Corporal, one Shilling and two Pence; and of every Drummer, one Shilling; and such detjeants. Corporals, and Drummers, shall be new cloathed when not in actual Service, once in two Years; and all Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, shall take the following Oa h; (that is to say, )

4 T B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be true and faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty King George, and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia within Great Britain, for the Defence*of the same, until I shall he legally discharged.'

And the Colonel or other Commandant of every Regiment, Battalion, o: Corps confiding of two or more Companies, may appoint a Serjeant Major, and the Colonel or other Commandant of every Regiment, Bittalion, or Corps confiding of three or more Companies, may appoint a Drum Major; and that all Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers having received any Pay as such from any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, shall be deemed to be engaged and compellable to serve in such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, until they shall be legally discharged: Provided always, that no Person who shall keep any House of publick Entertainment, or who shall fell any Ale or Wine, or any Brandy, or other Spirituous Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of being appointed or of serving or receiving Pay as a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer in the Militia; Pro-v: dea always, that if it shall happen that in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, there shall be a Surplus of fifteen private Men or upwards, after the Appointment of one Serjeant and one Corporal, to every thirty private Men, such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps shall be entitled to nave one additional Corporal when notin actual Service, for such Surplus Number of Men.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That any Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, may be discharged by the Colonel or other Commandant, and tire said Colonel or other Commandant may appoint any proper PerfoQ in the Room of every Serjeant, Corporal, and Drummer, who shall die, dcfrrt, or be discharged, all which Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers so appointed, shall take the like Oath as i» herein-before required to be taken by Serjeant3, Corporals, and Drummers respectively.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case his Majesty's Lieutenant for any County, Riding or Place, or the Colonel or other Commandant, of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, shall be desirous of keeping up a greater Number of Drummers than is herein directed to be employed as Fifers or Mu-ficians for the use of any such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, and shall be willing to defray the Expence of such additional Drummers, it shall and may be lawful for such Lieutenant, or Colonel, or other Commandant, to retain, in their respective Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, any Number of the Drummers employed or to be employed as Fifers or Musicians therein, over and above the Number established by this Act, or at any Time hereafter to engage any additional Number of Drummers to a&as Fifers or Musicians in their respective Regiments, Battalions, or Corps; and all such Drummers so retained or in future engaged to serve in any such Corps as Fifers or Musicians, shall be deemed Drummers of Militia within the Mtaning of this Act, to all Intents and Purposts whatsoever, and shall be subject to the same Orders, Regulations, Penalties, and Punishments, a9 other Drummers of Militia are by this Act subject, and shall continue to serve as Drummers so long as they shall receive the same Pay and Cloathing as other Drummers have, or better Cloathing in lieu thereof, and no longer.

LXXXV T. And be it further enacted, That any Person able and fit to serve, being a Serjeant on the Establishment of Chelsea Hospital, at the Allowance of twelve Pence per Day, or being an Out-Pensioner on the Establishment of the said Hospital, at the Allowance of five Pence a Day, and being appointed to serve as a Serjeant in the Militia, may and shall receive the said Allowance of twelve Pence a Day or five Pence a Day respectively, together with his Pay from the said Militia; and any Person who shall have faithfully served as a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer in the Militia for twenty Years, and who shall be discharged on account of Age or Infirmity, shall, on the Recommendation of the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which he belongs, and the Lieutenant, or two or more Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Riding, or Place to which the said Regiment, Battalion, or Corps belongs, or (on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of the said Lieutenant) on the Recommendation of the Colonel or other Commandant, and three or more Deputy Lieutenants of such County, Riding, or Place, be entitled to Examination at the CheU sea Board, and be capable of being placed on the Establishment of the said Hospital at the Pension of five Pence pir Diem, if the said Board (houla judge him deferring thereof.

LKXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Militia to be raised as aforesaid, shall be called out once in every Year, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised for the Space of twenty-one Days; and in every County, Riding, or Place, in which it shall have been appointed that the Whole of such Militia shall not be trained or exercised at the same Time, then the respective Parts thereof (T all be trained and exercised successively, until the Whole of the Men serving for such County, Riding, or Place, shall have been trained and exercised for the Space of twenty-one Days; and that for the Purpose aforesaid, the Men serving for such County, R'ding, or Place, shall be called out to be so trained and exercised in such Manner and in fitch Proportion, at such Time or Times, and Place or Places, in such County or Riding, aa shall be appointed, with the Approbation of his Majesty, by the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, at a General Meeting of the Lieutenancy to be tiolden as herein-before directed; or in Default of any such Meeting being holaen, then by the Lieutenant of the County, R ding, or Place, or by three Deputy Lieutenants, authorized by his Majesty to act as aforesaid: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful to order less than two Companies of sixty private Men at the lead! with Officers ai.d Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers in Proportion, to be traiued and exercised

Their Oath.

Serjeant Major and Drum M*» jor

No Publican Audi serve as*Serjeant, £cc*

Additional Corporals.

Co'onels may dist haige Serjeants See. and appoint others.

Extra Drummers m iy be kept as Filtrs or Mufurians.

Serjeants, kc. of CUclfea Hospital may serve and receive Pay also*in the Militia. Serjeants, kc. having frrved in the Militia 20 Years, may receive a Clici/i'a Pension.

Militia shall be exreiciftd 21 Days annually, and in such Proportion as the County Lieutenant, kc. shall appoint.

464 C. 90.

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

Regiments riif-need not t-.ined for 12 Months.

Dining Time of Fxereife, the Mu iny A*lt, ice. Hull be in force as to such Militia, except as to Life or Limb. How Courts Martial dull be held then.

Notices of Times and Places of Excercife shall issue from the General to the Sub-division Meetings; from them to the Conlta bles; nml from the Constables to the Men.

Notices on Church Doors.

Notices to Men.

Clerks of Subdivide Meetings shall) fend Lifts ol Men, and Time and Place of Krfercife, to the Commanding Officers, &c.

When Pay of Men called out

toexercise shall commence.

eifed together, unless the Militia of the County, Riding, or Place, do not amount to so many: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants, at any General Meeting of Lieutenancy, to alter the Places appointed for assembling the Men for Exercise, and from Time to Time to appoint other or additional Places, its they shall find expedient, giving the like Notice thereof as is herein required to be given of the Places firit to be appointed.

LXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whensoever any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to be raised under this Act, shall have been disembodied as herein after directed, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to order and direct that such Regiment, Battalion, 'or Corps, shall not be trained orexcrcifed in Manner as is herein after directed, for the Space of twelve Calendar Months, to be calculated from the Day on which it shall have been so disembodied, or for such Number of Months, not exceeding twelve Months, as his Majesty shall think (it.

DXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That, during such Time as any Militia shall be assembled for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, all the Clauses, Provisions, Matters, 'and Things contained in any Act of Parliament which shall then be in force for the punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and in the Articles of War made in pursuance of such Act, shall be in force with respect to such Militia, <md to all the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and private Men of the same, in all Cases whatsoever, but so that no Punishment shall extend to Life or Limb; and that it shall be lawful for the Officer commanding and present with any Detachment or Division of Militia, called out to exercise under any of the Provisions of this Act, not being under the Rank of Captain, to order, when he shall think itnecessary, a Regimental Court Martial to be held for the Trial of any Offence committed by any f)«rjeant, Corporal, Drummer, or private Man under and during his Command; and if a sufficient Number of Officers shall not be present to constitute such Court Martial, it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, to which any such Detachment or Division of Militia shall belong, and he is hereby required, upon Application made to him by the Officer commanding such Detachment or Division for that Purpose, to order a sufficient Number of Officers of proper Rank to attend for the Purpose of af-sifting at such Court Martial, who shall forthwith attend the fame, and assist as Members thereof; aifd the Sentence of every such Court Martial shall in every Case be submitted to the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which such Detachment or Division shall belong (or in his Absence from the County, Riding, or Place), to the Senior Field Officer within the same, for his Approval thereof, who shall cause such Sentence to be put in Execution, mitigated, or remitted, as he shall in his Discretion think best for the Service.

XC. And be it further enacted, That Notices of the Times and Places of Exercise of the Militia Men to he raised by virtue of this Act, shall, by Order of the General Meetings of Lieutenancy, be sent by the Clerk of the General Meetings to the Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings in the respective Counties, Ridings, and Places; and the said Deputy Lieutenants, at some Subdivision Meeting to be held for carrying this Act into Execution, after the Receipt of the said Notices, shall cause the Men serving for such Subdivision, to be called out in such Order and Course as shall have been notified by the Clerk of the General Meetings as aforesaid, and for that Purpose shall issue Orders to the Chief Constables or other Officers of the several Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, or other Divisions respectively, with Directions to forward the same to the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, and other Officers within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, or other Divisions; which Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, and other Officers, shall cause such Notice as aforesaid to be affixed on the Door of the Churches or Chapels belonging to their respective Parishes, Tythings, or Places, or (if any Place shall have no Church or Chapel belonging thereto) on the Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parish, Ty thing, or Place thereunto adjoining, which Notice shall be deemed a sufficient Notice to every Person enrolled by virtue of this Act, notwithstanding any Omission in the Delivery of written Notices in Manner herein after directed; and such Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, and other Officers, are hereby required also to give Notice in Writing to the several Militia Men who shall be called out to be trained and exercised at such Times and Places respectively, by serving them personally, or by leaving the same at their usual Place of Abode, to attend at the Time and Place mentioned in such Order; and all such Militia Men shall duly attend at the Time and Place of Exercise according to such Notices respectively.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings in every County, Riding, or Place, shall? within the Space of ten Days after the Receipt of such Notices as aforesaid from the Clerk of the General Meetings, cause a full and true Lift specifying the Name and Date of the Enrollment of all the Persons enrolled (within each Subdivision respectively) to serve in such Militia, and the Time and Place of Exercise, to be transmitted to the Commanding Officer or the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, for which such Persons have been enrolled by virtue of this Act, or to such Person as shall be appointed by such Commanding Officer to receive the same, and shall in like Manner cause a Duplicate of such Lift to be transmitted to the Adjutant of the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps; and in every Case where there is no Adjutant, to the Major or Captain Commandant of such Corps.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That the Pay of every Person enrolled to serve in the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, when not embodied and called out into actual Service, and who shall be called out for the Purpose of being trained and exercised as aforesaid, shall commence upon the Day on which such Person shall join the Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachment, or Division to which he shall belong, and not before: Provided always, that if such Person shall have been prevented joining such Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachment, or Division, by Sickness or other sufficient Cause, and shall produce to the Commanding Officer thereof a satisfactory Certificate of such Sickness or other sufficient Cause, it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachment, or Division, andt he is hereby required, to direct tfn'Allowance of Pay to be made to the Person so prevented, according to the Time mentioned in such Certificate as aforesaid.

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 90.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That, in case any Militia Main shall on his March to the Place where he shall be ordered to attend for the annual Exercise, be tlifahled by Sickness or otherwise, it shall be lawful for any one Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place, or any Mayor or Chief Magistrate of any City, Town, or Place where such Man shall then be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order him fu£h' Relief as such Justice, Mayor, or Chief Magistrate shall think reasonr.ble, and the same shall be given by the Officers of the Parish, Tything, or Place where such Militia Man shall then be; and the Officers giving'such Relief shall, upon producing an Account of the Expences thereof to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Place for which such Militia Man shall serve (such Account being first allowed under the Hand of a Justice of the Peace), be reimbursed such Expences by such Treasurer, who shall be allowed the same in his Accounts.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Mayors, Bailiffs, Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, and other Chief Magistrates and Officers of Cities, Towns, Parishes, Tythings, and Places', and (in their Default or Absence) for any one Justice of the Peace inhabiting within or near any City, Towir, Parish, Tything, or Place (but for no others), and they and he are and is respectively hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and private Men serving in the Militia at the Times when they shall be called out to annual Exercise, in Inns, Livery Stables, Ale Houses, Victualling Houses, and all House of Persons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder, Wine, or Metheglin, by Retail, upon Application made to any such Mayors, Bailiffs, Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Chief Magistrates or Officers, by his Majesty's Lieutenant, or by the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of the Milira, of the County, Riding, or Place where they shall be so called out to exercise as aforesaid; and when the Militia is not embodied, nor called out to exercise as aforesaid, all Mayors and other Chief Magistrates and Officers aforesaid, or (in their Default or Absence) any one Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, may, and they and he are and is hereby respectively required to order and provide convenient Lodging with Fire and Candle in such Houses as aforesaid, for the Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers of the Militia.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That when the Militia shall be called out to be trained and exercised, any Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, or Place, being thereunto required by an Order from the Lieutenant or from any Deputy Lieutenant of such County, Riding, or Place, or from the Colohel or other Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachment, or Division of Militia, being within such County, Riding, or Place, may and shall issue his Warrant to the Chief Constables of Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, or Divisions, or to the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers of the several Pan/ltes, Tythings, or Places, from, through, near, or to which any such Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachment, or Division of Militia shall be ordered to march, requiring them to provide such sufficient Carriages to convey the Arms, Cloaths, Accoutrements, Ammunition, and other Stores, with able Men to drive such Carriages, as shall be mentioned in the said Order; and in case such sufficient Carriages and Men cannot be provided within any such County, Riding, Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake, Division, Parish, Tything, or Place, then any Justice of the Peace for any adjoining County, Riding, or Place, may and shall, upon such Order as aforesaid being shewn unto him, issue his Warrant to the Chief Constables, Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers of any Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake, Division, Parish, Tything, or Place within such adjoining County, Riding, or Place, for the Purposes aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency of Carriages and Men; and such Lieutenant, Dtputv Lieutenant, or Colonel, or other Commanding Officer, requiring such Carriages and Men to be provided as ufovesaid, shall at the same Time pay to every uich Chief Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer, for the Use of the Person or Persons who shall provide such Carriages and Men, the Sum of one Shilling for every Mile any Waggon with five Horses, and any Wain with fix Oxen, or with four Oxen and two Horses, shall respectively travel; and the Sum of nine Pence for every Mile any such Cart with four Horses shall travel, and so in Proportion for any Carriages drawn by any lcfs Number of Horses or Oxen; for which respective Sums even Chief Constable, Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer receiving the fame, is hereby required to give a Receipt to the Person paying the fame; and every such Chief Constable, Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer, shall order and appoint such Person or Persons having Carriages, within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, Divisions, Parishes, Tythings, or Places, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such Carriages and Men, according to the Warrant aforesaid; and every Person so ordereJ, is hereby required to provide and furnish the same accordingly for one Day's Journey, and no more; and in case any such Chief Con-ilables, Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers, shall be at any Charges for such Carriages, ovn* and above the Money which shall be so received by them as aforesaid, such Overplus shall be borne by every County, Riding, or Place, where such additional Expence shall be incurred, and be repaid to them without Fee or Reward by the Treasurer of every such County, Riding, or Place, out of the publick Stock.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That, when any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, or any Dc-Tachineut or Division thereof as aforesaid, shall be act'embKd for the Purpose 01 being trained ai d exercised, it f HI be lawful for the Captain or Commanding Officer of every Company, to put the Militia Men of his Com-y: \r.y under Stoppages, not exceeding four Pence per Day, for the Purpose ot providing them with Linen, and zilfo -with other Necessiirics, and for defraying the Expence of repairing any Arms which shall have been broken or cLmugeil by any such Militia Man's Negledi: Provided always, that every such Captain or Commanding Officer shall account with each Militia Man fur such Stoppage, and after having deducted what shall have been laid o: t and paid for Nceeifaries, and for repairing the Arms as aforesaid, shall pay the Sum remaining (if any there shall be) into the I lands of the Militia Man to whom the same belongs, before such Militia Man final be <J: tV.rif!Yd from such Tuining and Exercise.

XCV! I. And be it further enacted, That the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of every Regiment, T*. 1?mil* 1, and Corps of Militia, as often as his Regiment, Battalion, or Corps shall be called out to exercise as before d: cied, and within fourteen Days from the Time of aficinhliag, shall, and lie is hereby required to re-v.: 1. to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place to w: dch the same belongs, a true State of such Regi-4a CJlc. Ifl. 3 O meat.

465

Relief of Militia Men falling Tick on the Match.

Billeting Militia when, called out to annual Exercise, 6c c.

Justices shall grant Warrants for impretfing Cars iages for the Militia on its March, on such annual Excrcile.

Rates for Carnages.

If the Txp'-nrc

f'.iir-!

0\cl lliwU

l>«: rrp.i.vl [) the County.

Stor; >.ir^ the Lructi,

Co!-no*?, kr. th.ni in At. Rt -U.t the Militia f >< jilcr! o'..r, to the C or 7 Lic«w<u; jt, <5c r.

A.D. 1802.

466 C. 90. 42° GEORGII III.

went, Battalion, or Corps, and a Duplicate thereof to the Clerk to the General Meetingt, to be filed; and where the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, shall be so ordered to be trained and exercised in Parts or Proportions fucceilivrlr in Manner directed by this Act, the i Mfifcer commanding every such Part or Porportion for the Time being shall, within seven Days after the assembling of such Part or Proportion, make a Return of the State of the Mditia exercised by him or under his Command to the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, to which the Militia so txerciLd shall belong, on Pain of forfeiting twenty Pounds for every such Omission; and the Colonel or Commanding Officer receiving such Returns, shall, within fourteen Days after all the Returns of Men belonging to his Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, who shall have been so assembled, shall have been received by him, transmit a ( federal Return to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place to which such Militia shall belong, and a Duplicate thereof to the Clerk of the General Meetings, to he filed; and in case any Officer shall refuse or neglect, for three Months after the Time herein appointee for making such Returns, so to do, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, Tint the Captain or Commanding Officer of every Company of Militia called out to exercise under this Act, shall, during the Time of such Exercise, make out a correct and accurate

Return of the State of the Gaiks of the Men belonging to his Company, arranged according to the Form iu

the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (F.), specifyhig the several Particular therein mentioned, and the Subdivision to which every hich Man shall belong, and shall dclivtr or tnmfm.it the lame to the Adjutant of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, or where tln rc shall be no Adjutant to the Commanding Officer of the Militia of the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Company shall i dong; and inch Adjutant or Commanding Officer (as the Case may be) shall, within one Month after every such Exercise d, prepare

Serlcsof Gene- OUt a general and accurate Return of all such ClalTes, according to fiioh Form, and with such Speciiication as

ri| Meetings, aforesaid, and shall transmit the same to the Clerk of the General Meetings, and shall also transmit to the Clerks

and Extracts to of the Subdivision Meetings within the County, Riding, or Place, to the Militia of which be shall belong, tracts of such Return, containing the State of the Chides of Men belonging to tluir rest and such Subdivision Clerks shall forthwith correct the Books of Enrolment ot their rcipe6tivo Subdivihor.s, so as to correspond accurately with such Return; and the Clerk to the General Meetings (bail forthwith, upon Receipt of such Return as aforesaid, and within two Months after the Expiration Or fuels Exercise as aforesaid, make out and transmit to one of his Majesty's Principal S of State, com ffcra&s pi all such Returns as aforesaid, made out in the Form in the Schedule marked(G.), to this Act annexed; and every Person so required ns a fore (kid to make any such Return, who shall refuse or negleffc to make the same in Manner aforesaid, at the Period hereby required lor that Purpose, shall, for every such Gfience, iorieit and pay

Schedule G.) t, le Sum of bounds.

Penally for neglecting to make Returns, 50L '

Penalty for >»cgle<il, 50l.

Captains shall make Returns of ClalTes (See Schedule F.) for the Adjutant, fee. who (Hall therefrom make General Return? and transmit them to

Clerks* of Subdivisions, to correct their Enrolments.

Clerk of General Meeting shall transmit Abstracts to Secretary of State. (See

Penalty on Men

not appearing at Exercise, or absenting them-f*lyes, 20l. or J: x Months Im-pi Joument.

If Men absent themselves for »hrct Month iers shall be ballot ted for.

But such Men reluming, shall also be compelled to fei ve.

Mu fleets shall be marked.

Penalty on felling, pawning, or losing Arms, &c. not exceeding 3l. or three Months Imprisonment.

Penalty for buying Militia Anns, &c.

10l. ke.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That every Militia Man (not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him) who shall not appear at the Time and Place appointed for his being exercised according to the Diredrions of this Act (Notice having been published and given as by this Act required), shall be deemed a Deserter, and if not taken until after the Time of any such Exevcife, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds; and also every Militia Man, who having joined the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which he belongs, or any Company or Companies, or Detachment or Division thereof, shall desert or absent himself during the Time of any such Exercise, and shall not be taken until after the Time of such Exercise, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds; and if such Penalty shall not be immediately paid, the Justice of the Peace before whom any Militia Man shall be convicted of any such Offence, shall commit such Militia Man to the House of Correction to hard Labour, or to the Common Gaol, there to rejr.ain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of six Months, or until he shall have paid the said Penalty.

C. And be it further enacted, That in case any Militia Man shall desert, or absent himself from his Duty, and shall not return and voluntarily surrender himself to the Adjutant or other Officer, commissioned or non-commissioned, commanding at the City, Town, or Place where the Arms of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which he shall belong, shall be deposited, or shall not be taken within the Space of three Months from the Time of his so deferring or absenting himself, then upon Certificate thereof from the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which he belonged, to the Deputy Lieutenants, at any of their Meetings for the Subdivision for which such Militia Man was enrolled, such Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, are hereby required to hold a Subdivision Meeting, and to proceed to ba.ilot for another Person to serve and be returned to such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, in the Room of such Militia Man; and in case such Militia Man shall at any Time thereafter return or be taken, he shall, notwithstanding any Person (halt have been chosen in his Room, be compelled to serve in the same Manner, and for the same Term, as if no Person had been so chosen in his Room.

CL. And be it further enacted, That all Muskets delivered for the Service of the Militia shall be marked dif-tindilv in some viuble Place with the Letter (ML and the Name of the County, Riding, or Place to which they belong; and in dafe any Militia Man shall fell, pawn, or lose any of his Arms, Cloaths, Accoutrements, or Ammunition, or neglect or refuse to return the same in good Order to his Captain, or to the Person appointed to receive the lame, every such Militia Man shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding three Pounds; and if such Militia Men shall not immediately pay such Penalty, the Justice of the Peace before whom he shall be convicted shall commit him to the House of CorrcdFton, to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Months, or until he shall have paid the said Penalty.

Cl I. And be it further enacted, That if any Person fiiaU knowingly and wilfully buy, take in Exchange, conceal, or otherwise receive any Militia Arms, Cloaths, or Accoutrements, or any such Articles belonging to any Militia Man as are generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, according to the Custom of the Army, being provided for the Soldier, and paid for by Deductions out of his Pay, or a.iy publick Stores or Ammunition whatever delivered for the Militia, upon any Account or Pretence what so ever, contrary to the true Intent and

Meaning

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 90. 467

Meaning of this Act, the Person so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds; and if such Offender shall not immediately pay such Penalty, and shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon to levy such Penalty, the Justice before whom he or she shall be convicted shall cortmit him or her to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of six Months, or until he or she shall have paid the said Fine, or shall eause such Offender to be publickly or privately whipped, at the Discretion of such Justice.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant, Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major, and Drummer of the Militia, shall be at all Times subject to any Act which shall be in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and to the Articles of War, under the Command of the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which he belongs, and it shall be lawful for the Colonel or'other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion, or CorpB of Militia, to direct the holding of Courts Martial as herein after directed, for the Trial of any Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major, or Drummer of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, by either a General or Regimental Court Martial, for any Offence pgainll the said Act or Articles of War, committed during the Time such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps shall not be embodied, and for the Trial of any, Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, or private Man of such Regiment, /Battalion, or Corps, who shall have deserted while the said Regiment, Battalion, or Corps was .embodied, and shall not have been apprehended till after it shall have been disembodied, but so that no Punishuieot-shall, extend to the Loss of Life or Limb.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That-if a sufficient Number of Officers to forma Court Martial cannot he found, it shall he lawful for the : Colonel or other Commandant, and in his Absence for the Senior Field Officer of the Regiment; Battalion, br/Corps to which the Person on wjiom such Court Martial is, to be held, shall belong, to order any Officers of, thp, Militia of the County, Riding, or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps shall belong, mutually, trident within the Town where fueji, Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major, or Drummer is to be tried, jir within. ten Miles thereof, to attend and assist as Members of such Court Martial, who shall thereupon attend at the Time required, and assist accordingly, but no Officer shall be entitled to receive .Pay for any such Attendance; Provided always, that no Sentence of any Court Martial held as aforesaid on any Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major, or Drummer, or private Man as aforesaid, shall be put in Execution until it shall have been confirmed by the Colonel or other Commandant, or by the Field Officer by whose Order such Court Martial was assembled.

CV. And be it further enacted, That any Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer of the Militia, may, by Sentence of a Court Martial, be reduced to the Condition of a private Militia Man, to serve as such during any Time not exceeding fifteen Months, in case the.Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which he belongs, shall not be then embodied or called out into actual Service; and in case die Regiment* Battalion, or Corps to which he belongs shall be then embodied or called out into actual Service, to serve as aforesaid until the disembodying of the said Regiment, liattaljon, or Corps, after'which Time, or at the End of the said fifteen Months, as the.Case may be, if not regularly re-appointed to the Rank of a Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer, he shall be discharged from the Service.

CVI. And be it further enacted, that the Arms, Accoutrements, Cloathing, and other Stores, belonging to every Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, when not embodhd, shall be kept fin such convenient Place as the Colonel or other Commandant shall direct, with the Approbation of the Lhujtcnant of the County, Riding* or Place; and it shall be lawful for the General Meeting, of Lieutenancy for any County, Riding, or Place, to ordtr and direct a convenient and proper Place fioj* that Purpose to be provided or built, if no such convenient and proper Place can be found; the Hire or Coil of which Place shall be paid for by the Treasurer of such County, Riding, or Place, out of the County Rates.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, In every jRegiment,

Adjutant, Str, (half continue alway* i'u'-jc. 4! to Mutiny A< % to a certain Lx-

How Courts Martial on such Adjutants, Sec. shall be he'd, See.

How Serjeants, See. may be reduced to the Ranks.

Keeping of Arms, &'c. when the Militia is not embodied.

Serjeants, See.

Battalion, and Corps of Militia, shall constantly be resideut within the City, Town, or Place, where the Arms rc, ^e

belonging to such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps arc kept, stndJhftll, under the Gpmnvand of the Adjutant, Arm

whoalfo shall be constantly resident within the said City, .Towny or Place (unlyfs ps herein after provided), and shall act in such Command under the Orders of the Colonel or other Commandant of inch Regiment, Battalion, or Corps; and that the Adjutant, and, in his occasional ami unavoidable Absence, the Serjeant Major, or (where there is no Serjeant Major) the Senior Serjeant, shall make monthly Returns of the true State of the Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps severally, to his Majesty's Secretary of State, to the Lieutenant of the County, and to the Colonel or other Commandant of the said Regiment,

Battalion, or Corps, in Default of which, on each such Neglect, such Adjutant or Serjeant Major shall be subject to such punishment as a Court Martial shall adjudge; and that no Serjeant; ? Corporal, or Drummer, shall be absent from such City, Town, or Place, without a regular Furlough or Licence in Writing, signed by his Colonel or other Commandant; and every Serjeant, Corporal* and Drummer, absent on Furlough or Licence, shall respectively receive, during the Time of tuch Absence, the Pay following (that is to say), every Serjeant jeams, &j. the Sum of one Shilling, every Corporal the Sum of eight Pence, and every Drummer the Sum of six Pence f*fnl on

per Day respectively, and no more; and every Serjeant, Corporal, and Drummer, who shall absent himself '* -

without such Furlough or Licence, shall forfeit all Pay during the Time of such Absence, and be liable to be apprehended and punished as a Defeiter; and such Adjutant shall never absent himself from such City, Town, or Place, without Leave of the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, nor for more than three Calendar Months in one Year, except in case of Sickness: Provided nevertheless, that whenever such Adjutant shall be absent with such Leave as aforesaid, then such Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummer* shall be under the Command of the Battalion Clerk, if he shall be a commissioned Officer of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, or otherwise of the Serjeant Major, or of some Serjeant who shall be appointed by the said Adjutant, with the Approbation of kthe said Colonel or other Commandant, to act as Serjeant

3 O 2 Major

where Arms are kept, and be under the Command of the Adjutant; by whom monthly Returns shall be rrnde to Secretary of State, County Lieutenant, and Colonel.

Pay of Ser-

ab-, eave; if absent without, shall forfeit their Pay, &c.

Adjutant shall not be absent without Leave. Who shall command in his At-fence.

468

Method of proceeding on In-1 jrmation of the Residence of a Militia Man who shall not join at annual Exercise, or shall desert and not be apprehended.

Method of proceeding where Persons are found suspetfed to be deferring, Kon-commissioned Officers, &<.

C. 90. 420 GEORGII IH. A.D. 1802.

Major daring the Absence of f jeh Adjutant, ot of the Senior Serjeant, .when the Corps has not any Adjutant or Serjeant Major.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Militia Man shall not join the Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachment, or Division to which he belongs, at the Time of annual Exercise, or shall desert during the Time of annual Exercise, and shall not be apprehended before the Expiration of the Time appointed for such Exercise; and if the Commanding Officer, or the Adjutant of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, or the Commanding Officer of tlw^Company, Detachment, or Division to which such Offender belongs, shall receive Information of the Place where he shall be or reside, any such Commanding Officer or Adjutant may, by Writing under his Hand, describe the Person of such Offender, and also certify that he did not join the Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachment, or Division, at the Time of annual Exercise, or that he deserted during the Time of annual Exercise (as the Case may be), and fend the same by a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps or to the Senior Serjeant when there is no Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Corps, of the County, Rw ding, or Place wherein such Offender is supposed to be or reside; and the Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Senior Serjeant, ^to whom such Certificate shall be sent, shall forthwith direct a Party of the Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which he belongs, to assist in apprehending such Offender, and in conveying him before some Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Division wherein such Offender shall be apprehended; and if by his Confession, or the Testimony of any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or the Knowledge of such Justice, it shall appear or be found that such Person is. guilty of such Offence, such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Senior Serjeant as aforesaid, shall order a Party of the Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers under his Command, to convey such Offender to the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia of the next County, Riding, or Place, in the Way to the County, Riding, or Place to which such Offender belongs, and deliver him into the Custody of the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, or Senior Serjeant as aforesaid, who shall cause him to be conveyed in like Manner to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of tire Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, or Senior Serjeant of the Corps of the next County, Riding, or Place, and so in like Manner until such Offender shall be delivered into the Custody of the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, or Senior Serjeant as aforesaid, of the Corps to which he belongs, who shall take him before a Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with as this A A dire As in Cases of Militia Men deferring or absenting themselves from their Duty when not embodied or called out into actual Service; and from the Time of his being so apprehended as aforesaid, until he is brought before such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, such Offender shall be subsisted at the Rate of Sixpence per Day, from the Stock of the County, Riding, or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps belongs; for which Subsistence such Justice is hereby required to make such Order upon the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Place; and if any Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer shall desert from the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which he belongs, it shall be lawful for any Headborough, Constable, or other Officer of the Town or Place where any Person who may be reasonably suspected to be such Deserter shall be found, to cause such Person to be apprehended and taken before any Justice of the Peace living in or near to such Town or Place, who is hereby empowered to examine such suspected Person; and if by his Confession, or the Testimony of any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice, it shall appear or be found that such suspected Person is such Deserter, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found, or the House of Correction, or other publick Prison in the Town or Place in or near to which such Deserter shall be apprehended, there to remain until he shall be demanded by some Person or Persons authorized to receive him as herein after directed, and shall transmit an Account thereof to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the County, Riding, or Place to which such Deserter belorig3; and the Keeper of such Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison, shall receive the full Subsistence of ffuch Deserter at the Rate above specified for his Maintenance, during the Time he shall continue in his Custody, but shall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward on account of his Imprisonment; and such Clerk of the G.eneral Meetings receiving such Account, shall immediately transmit a Copy thereof to the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of his County, Riding, or Place, and also to the Adjutant or other Officer commanding the Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers of such Regiment, Battalion, dr Corps, and where there are more than one Regiment, Battalion, or Corps in any County, Riding, or Place, such Clerk shall fend such Copy to each of the Colonels or other Commandants, or Commanding Officers of such Regiments, Battalions, and Corps, and also to each of the Adjutants or Officers commanding Serjeants, Corporals, arid Drummers, within his County, Riding, or Place; and the Colonel or Commanding Officer of tile Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which such Deserter shall be found to belong, or the Adjutant or Officer Commanding the Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers of such Regiment, Battdion, or Corps, shall, and he is hereby required, immediately on receiving such Copy as aforesaid, to fend any Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, or any Party of the Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers of his Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, to the Place where such Deserter shall be so confined, and shall also fend by such Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, or the .Serjeant commanding such Party of .Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers, an Order, under his Hand and Seal, to the Keeper of the said Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison, requiring him to deliver such Deserter to the Person or Persons therein named, which he is hereby required to do; and the Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer* to whom such Deserter shall be so ordered to be delivered, in case one only shall be sent on such Duty, shall apply to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, or to the Senior Serjeant of the Corps of the County, Riding, or Place where such Deserter shall befo confined as aforesaid, and such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Serjeant, shall order a sufficient Party of the Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers under his Command to assist in conveying such Deserter, and he shall be

con-

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 90. 4^9

conveyed to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, or Senior Serjeant of the Corps to which he belongs, in the same Manner as before directed with respect to the conveying of private Militia Men to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, or Senior Serjeaat of the Corps to which they belong; and such Adjutant, or Serjeant Major, or Serjeant, shall take such Deserter before a Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place to which he belongs, who shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Common Gaol, House of Correction, or other publick Prison of such County, Riding, or Place where he shall remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until a Court Martial can and shall be funnr.oued and held for the Trial of such Deserters, according to the Provisions of this Act, when he shall be delivered to the Person or Persons named in any Order to be issued for that Purpose, under the Hand and Seal of the Officer by whose Authority such Court Martial shall be summoned, requiring the Delivery of such Deserter; and all Gaolers and Keepers of Prisons shall (if required so to do by any Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, employed in conveying any such Militia Man or Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, so offending, to the Regiment, Battalion, or Corp^ to which he belongs) receive into their Custody, and confine such Offender for such Time as they shall be respectively so required as aforesaid, not exceeding twenty-four Hours; and every such Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison who shall refuse so to do, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; and all such Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, while they are employed in executing such Duty as aforesaid, and all other Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers of the Militia, while on any March, or employed on any Duty upon which they may be commanded by any legal Authority, shall be billeted in like Manner as Serjeants, Corporals, or Dnitnm.rs belonging to his Majesty's other Forces, employed in appre-heuding and conveying Deserters, are to be billeted.

CiX. And be it further enacted, that the Justice of the Peace before whom any Deserter shall be convict-cd, shall and may i: Tue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which such Deserter shall belong, or (where there is no Clerk) to the Commanding Officer, requiring such Clerk, or such Commanding Officer, to pay out of the Stock of ftieh Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, the Sum of twenty Shillings to to the Person who (hill have apprehended such Deserter; and such Clerk or Commanding Officer is hereby authorized and required to pay the same accordingly on Demand.

CX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal, or assist any Deserter, knowing him to be such, the Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds.

Gaolers (h»Il receive and confine Desert-e. s, on Penalty ol 20s.

Serjeants, &c. conveying Do-fei ters, or on any March,

shall beLilJeted.

Reward for ap*-pretending Deserteis,0*.

Penally on concealing, &c. Dticiters, 5l.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of actual Invasion, or upon imminent Danger thereof, and in all Cases of Rebellion or Insurrection, it shall be lawful for his Majesty (the Occasion being first communicated to Parliament, if the Parliament shall be then fitting, or declared in Council, and notified by Proclamation, if no Parliament shall be then fitting or in being) to order and direct the Lieutenants of the said several Counties, Ridings, and Places, or on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence from their respective Counties, Riding?, or Places, of any of them, then any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, with all convenient Speed, to draw out and embody all the Regiments, Battalions, and Corps of Militia, within their respective Counties, Ridings, and Places herein-before appointed to be raised and trained, or so many of them, or such Part or Proportion of them, or any of them, as his Majesty shall in his Wisdom judge necessary, and in such Manner as shall be best adapted to the Ci.cumffances of the Danger, and to put the said Forces under the Command of such General Officers as his Majesty shall be pleased to appoint, and to direct the said Forces to be led by their respective Officers into any Parts of Great Britain, for the repelling and Prevention of any Invasion, and for the Suppression of any Rebellion or Insurrection within Great Britain; and from the Time of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia being called out and embodied as aforesaid, until the same shall be returned again to its own County, Riding, or Place, and disembodied by his Majesty's Order, the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and private Men of every such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, shall be subject to all the Provisions contained in any Act of Parliament which shall be then in Force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the Articles Of War made in pursuance thereof; and all the Provisions contained in every such Act and Articles of War shall be in force with respect to the Militia, and shall extend to all the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and private Men of the Militia, while embodied as aforesaid, in all Cases whatsoever.

CXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That neither the Whole nor any Part of the Militia directed by this Act to be raised and maintained, shall on any Account be carried or ordered to go out of Great Britain.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That, whenever his Majesty shall cause the Militia to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, if the Parliament shall then be separated by such Adjournment or Prorogation as will not expire within fourteen Days, his Majesty m.iy and shall ifftie a Proclamation for the Meeting of the Parliament within fourteen Days, and the Parliament shall accordingly meet and fit upon such Day as shall be appointed by such Proclamation, and continue to fit and aft in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if it had flood adjourned or prorogued to the same Day.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant of every County, Riding, and Place, or (on the Death or Removal of any such Lieutenant, or in his Absence from his County, Riding, or Place) any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, to whom any Order from his Majesty for drawing out and embodying the Whole of the Militia of such County, Riding, or Place shall be directed, shall forthwith issue his or their Or-derr to the Chief Constables, or other Officers of the several Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, or other Divisions within their Respective Counties, Ridings, and Places, with Directions to forward the same immediately to the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers, of the several Parishes, Tythings, and JTaccs within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, and DWifigns; and such Constables,

Tything-

His Majesty may older the Militia to be embodied in Cales of Invasion, Rebellion, &c. and put under the Command of G«ne-al Officers, and led by their respective Officers into any Fart of Great Britain ? whil* so embodied, they shall be fuhjc<ft to the Mutiny Avft and Articles cf Wai. [ V« §115.3

Rut shall not be ordered out of Great Britain.

In such Case Paillamen? ('ll* not fittin?) shall be c; .!ed tege-ilier in 14 Day:

County Lieutenants, &c. Iba!l ilTuc Oidets to Constables, wh'o shall give Notice to Men to attend.

47°

Militia Officers

fli.il! not h >n

any Juit Militia Court Martial*, &r. (S<v § hi). Militia Men not spearing, £: c. shall be deemed Del'erte: s: Penally on harbouring them, tool.

Militia so embodied shall be entitled to Pay a; Infantry. Men wounded, Sec. entitled to Chelsea Hospital.

R.V of Officer, &c. not joining

on Day appointed, shall commence only from Day of joining, except m Cases of Ne-ceflity.

Commencement of Pay of Men enrolled after Militia is embodied. Allowance to enable them to join.

Appointment of Agents by the Coiuuel.

Receiver General of Taxes shall pay to Captains one Guinea per Man to be laid out for Necellai ics.

Captains shall account with Men for the same.

Half the Price of Volunteers shall be paid by

C. 90. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

Tythingmen, Headboroughor other Officers, are hereby required, upon Receipt thereof, forthwith to cause Notice in Writing to be given to the several Militia Men, or left at their usual Places of Abode, within their respective Parities, Tythings, or Places, to attend at the Time and Place mentioned in such Order.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That no Officer serving in the Militia shall fit in any Court-Martial upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier serving in any of his Majesty's other Forces; nor shall any Officer serving in any of his Majesty's other Forces fit in any Court-Martial upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier serving in the Militia.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person of the said Militia ordered to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid (not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a Militia Man), shall not appear and march in pursuance of such Order, every such Militia Man shall be liable to be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, according to the Provisions of any Act which shall be then in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and of the Articles of War, made in pursuance of the same; and if any Person shall harbour and conceal any such Militia Man, when ordered to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, knowing him to be such Militia Man, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That from the Date of his Majesty's Warrant for drawing out the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, into actual Service, the Officers and Men of the Militia of such County, Riding, or Place, shall be entitled to the same Pay as the Officers and Men of his Majesty's other Infantry Forces, and no other; and if any Non-cominiffiom d Officer, Drummer, or private Man of the Militia, shall be maimed or wounded in actual Service, he shall be equally entitled to the Benefit of Chrlfea Hospital with any Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or private Man belonging to any of his Majesty's other Forces.

CXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Pay of every Officer, Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, and private Man, who shall not join his Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, on the Day appointed for that Purposif, shall commence only from the Day of his joining such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, unless such Officer, Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, or private Man, shall have been prevented from joining on the Day appointed as aforesaid by Sickness or any other inevitable Necessity, to be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, in which Case such Officer, Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, or private Man, may, by Order of his Commanding Officer, be accounted with for his Pay from the Date of his Majesty's Warrant as aforesaid.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Pay of every Person enrolled to serve in the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, after such Militia shall have been embodied and called out into actual Service, shall commence upon the Day on which such Person shall join the Regiment, Battalion, or Coips to which he shall belong, and not before: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace by whom any such Person shall have been so enrolled, to order and diredd an Allowance to be made to such Person, for the Purpose of enabling him to proceed and join the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which he may belong, not exceeding the Rate of the Pay of so many Days as would enable him to march from the Place where he was enrolled to the Place where the said Regiment, Battalion, or Corps may be Rationed, to be calculated at the Rate of not less than ten Miles per Day, with the usual Number of halting Days; and the said Allowance of Pay shall be advanced to such Person at the Time of his Enrolment by the Clerk of the Subdivision Meeting, under the Order of the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices aforesaid, or one of them, and shall be repaid to the said Subdivision Clerk by the Receiver General of the Land Tax, on the Production of a Certificate to that Effect, signed by the said Deputy Lieutenants or Justices, or one of them, and the said Receiver General shall be allowed for the same in his Accounts accordingly.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That when any Regiment, Battalion, or Coips of Militia shall be drawn out into actual Service, and during the Time it shall continue in actual Service, the Colonel or other Commandant thereof shall and may appoint an Agent to such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, and shall take Security from such Agent, and such Colonel or other Commandant shall be, and is hereby made subject and liable to make good all Deficiencies that may happen from the said Agent or from himself, upon account of the Pay, Cloathing, or* publick Stock of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps.

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That, w hen the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, shall be ordered out into actual Service, the Receiver General of the Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes for such County, Riding, or Place, shall, and is hereby required forthw ith to pay to the Captain or other Commanding Officer of every Company of Militia so ordered out, the Sum of one Guinea for the Use of every private Militia Man belonging to his Company; and the said Receiver General shall also pay to every Captain or other Commanding Officer of a Company as aforesaid, the Sum of one Guinea for every Recruit, as early as may be after such Recruit shall have joined his Company, while out in actual Service as aforesaid (all which Money so paid by the said Receiver General shall be allowed him in his Accounts); and the Money so received by any Captain or other Commanding Officer, or so much thereof as such Captain or Commanding Officer shall think proper, shall be laid out in the Manner he shall think most advantageous for the respective Militia Men; and such Captain or Commanding Officer shall, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of the Month next ensuing that in which he shall have received such one Guinea as aforesaid, account to such Militia Man how the said Sum of one Guinea hath been applied and disposed of, and shall, at the Time of settling such Account, pay the Remainder of the Money (if any) to the said Militia Man.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person not possessed of any Estate in Land, Goods or Money, of the clear Value of five Hundred Pounds, and who shall make Oath that he is not possessed of

such.

A.D. 1802. 42 GEORGII III. C. 90.

such' Estate, shall be chosen by Ballot to serve in the MHitia for any Parish, Tything, or Place where the said Militia is drawn or ordered out for actual Service, and such Person shall be approved, sworn, and enrolled as aforesaid, or shall provide a fit Person toferveashis Substitute. wiho (halt be approved, sworn, and enrolled as aforesaid, the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of such Parish, Tything, or Place, shall, on receiving an Order under the Hands of any two or more Deputy Lieutenants acting within the Subdivision wherein such Parish, Tything, or Place is situate, pay to every such Person so chosen by ballot, any such Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum which such Deputy Lieutenants fhidl adjudge to be as near as may be one Half of the current Price then paid for a Volunteer or Substitute in the County, Riding, or Place where such Person was so chosen, which said Sum of Money shall be taken out of the Rate to be made as herein-before directed for providing and producing Volunteers, or in case no Volunteers shall have been provided or produced by the Church wardens or Overseers, then out of a Rate to be made and collect ed agreeable to the Poors Rate as herein-before also directed; and in case any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor shall refuse or negletft to pay such Money upon Demand and Production of such Order, every such Churchwarden or Overseer so refuting or neglecting to make such Payment, shall, for every such Offence, forfei the Sum of ten Pounds, one Half of which Penalty shall be paid to the Person so chosen by Ballot in Lieu or in Part of the Sum ordered to be paid him as aforesaid, as the Case may require: Provided always, that if any Man so chosen by Ballot and serving for himself, shall, within oue Month after his Enrolment, be disapproved of and discharged by the Officer commanding the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, such Sum shall not he paid* to the Person so chosen by Ballot, but shall be paid in Manner befohe mentioned to the next Person chosen by Ballot in his Stead; and and if any Substitute be disapproved and discharged in Manner aforesaid, then no such Sum shall be paid to the Mail so chosen by Ballot, whole Substitute shall have been so disapproved and discharged, unless he shall serve himself or shall find another Substitute who shall be approved by such Commanding Officer as aforesaid.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That, whenever any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, shall be embodied, and absent from the County, Riding, or Place to which it belongs, the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, shall apply to every Man chosen by Lot, whose Time shall be within four Months of expiring, and who in his Judgment, and after an Examination by the Surgeon of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, shall still be fit to serve as a Militia Man, and inquire if he is willing to continue in the Service for such Term as any Man who should he then ballotted to serve would be sub-jeet to, and for what Price or Sum he will so continue; and such Commanding Officer shall, on the first Day of the Months of January, March, May, July, September, and November respectively, or as soon after as conveniently may be, transmit to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the County, Riding, or Place to which his Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia belongs, a List: of all such Men in such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia as he shall find willing to continue in the Service, in which Lift shall be set down the Sums they arc respectively willing to continue for, and which I .ill shall be signed by every such Militia Mail as aforesaid, and shall be made in the following Form, videlicet

Dated the Day of

Name of the County. Names of the Men. Of the Parish of In the Hundred or other Division of Time of Service expires on the Sum for which they engage to serve. Signature of Consent.

A. />'. P. H. A, B.

f. <s>. /. E. F.

G. K. R. N. C. K.

And that the signing of the said Lift shall be binding upon the Persons signing the fame, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CXXfV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the General Meetings of every County, Riding, or Place aforesaid, shall, as soon after the Receipt of such Notices as the same can be done, transmit to the respective Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, for the Use of the Deputy Lieutenants ailing* in such Subdivisions, correfl Extracts of such Returns, specifying in every such Extract the Men that shall have been enrolled for the Subdivision to which the Clerk, to whom any such Extract is sent, shall belong; and thereupon it shall be lawful for such Deputy Lieutenants, if they shall think fit, to cause the Men willing to continue to serve as aforesaid, to be enrolled as Volunteers for the particular and respective Parishes or Places for which they shall have been originally enrolled to serve, and in every such Case to direct and require the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Place, to remit the Bounty or Bounties to be given to such Mm to the Pay-master of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, in which such Men shall be then serving, who shall forthwith pay or account to the said Men respectively for the same.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Term of Service of any Person who shall have been chosen by Lot, and enrolled to serve in the Militia, shall be prolonged in the Manner herein directed beyond th e Term of five Years, then and in such Case the Receiver General for the County, Riding, or Place, to

7 which

471

the Parish Officer* out of the R. te (Sec §42.) to Persons balloted who are not woith 500l.

Penaltycn Officers for Neglect,

10l.

Such Allowance shall not be paid where the Man is disapproved of

Provision for le-enliiling ( from Time to Time) Men whose Time is within Months of expiring, and who are willing to continue Bounty.

How Deputy Lieutenants flvuT proceed to eir < U such Men, and order ^'aiilh OlF.feis to re-.mir their Bounties to the Paymaster.

Whenever T*»: : u of Set vice of Men 15 proloctr-ed beyond foC Years, one

4 m>

/ -

C'.H'r.ipc Mia

h; : - p »i(l I y

Km civer Gene- 11 ihf Gapera for NccCtfeiitu;

C.ipt.dn flu!' account for feme to Men

And so fcrSub-K iiutcs or Volunteers; and a like Bounty at liic End of every three Years of their further prolonged Scr- ice.

luhditutes or Volunteers not joining, or any of them, or any Serjeant, &c. deserting. See. may be adjudged to further Service in the Militia, or to Service in the other Forces.

How fuel) Men shall be enlisted, ice. in the Regulars,

When the whole Number of Mill lia is ordered out, if any shall

aficrwaids dc-lVrt, Sec. and 1 o a! fern three Month; , Vacancies shall he tilled up by Ballot.

On embodying Multi.., 01 any Proportion thereof, Cou .'y Jfeeutcnam, &c.

42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

which the Person so chosen by Lot and enrolled shall belong, ffiaH, and he is hereby required forthwith to pay to the Captain or other Commanding Officer of each Company respectively, the Sum of one Guinea for every Person whose Tiir.e of Service shall be so prolonged, and shall in like Manner, so often as the Term of Service of any Person so chosen by Lot and enrolled to serve in the Militia, shall be prolonged as aforesaid, pay the like further Sum of one Guinea (all which Money so paid by the Receiver General shall be allowed him in his Account), and the Money so receiv^l by any Captain or Commanding Officer, or so much thereof as such Captain or Commanding Officer shall think proper, shall be hid out in the Manner he shall think moll advantageous for each respective Person so chosen by Lot and enrolled, and whose Time of Service shall be prolonged as aforesaid; and such Captain or Commanding Officer shall, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of the Month ntxt ensuing that in which he shall have received any such Guinea, account to such Person how the said Sum or Sums have been applied and disposed of, and shall, at the Time of settling such Account as aforesaid, pay over to him the Remainder of the said Money, if any, which shall not have been so applied and disposed of.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Term of Service of any Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, serving in the Militia, shall, by reason of the Militia being embodied, continue beyond the Term of five Years, then and in such Case the Receiver General for the County, Riding, or Place to which such Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer shall belong, shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to pay the Captain or other Commanding Officer of each Company respectively, the Sum of one Guinea for every Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, whose Term of Service shall so continue; and in case such Term shall so continue for more than three Years beyond the said Term of live Years, then, at the Expiration of the said three Years, the said Receiver General shall pay the like further Sum of one Guinea for every Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, whose Term shall so further continue; and shall in like Manner, at the Expiration of every additional Term of three Years, pay the like further Sum of one Guinea (all which Money so paid by the Receiver General shall be allowed him in his Account); and the Money so received by any Captain or Commanding Officer, or so much thereof as such Captain or Commanding Officer shall think proper, shall be laid out in the Manner he shall think most advantageous for each respective Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer; and such Captain or Commanding Officer shall, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of the Month next ensuing that in which he shall have received such Money as aforesaid, account to such Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, how the said Sum or Sums have been applied and disposed of, and shall at the Time of settling the Account as aforesaid, pay over to such Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, the Remainder of the said Money (if any) which shall not have been so applied, disposed of, and accounted for.

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person sworn and enrolled in the said Militia, either as a Substitute or Volunteer (not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a Militia Man), shall not with due Diligence join the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia of the County, Riding, or Place for which he shall be so sworn and enrolled (in case such Regiment, Battalion, or Company shall then be embodied), according to such Order as shall be given him in that respect by the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, or any of them, or by any Officer of the said Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, or by any other Person authorized to give such Order, or if any Person serving in any embodied Militia as a Substitute or Volunteer, or any Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, shall desert or absent himself from his Duty, every such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, or private Militia Man shall be liable to be apprehended and punished, according to the Provisions of any Act which shall be then in force for the punishing Mutiny and Deieition, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and of the Articles of War made in pursuance of the same, and may by a General Court Martial be adjimged to further Service in the said Militia for some Period to be limited, or to Service in hifi Majesty's other Forces, without Limitation as to the Period or Place of such Sendee, according as the Court Martial before whom he shall be tried, shall think fit to direct; and in case the said Court shall adjudge such Militia Man to serve in his Majesty's other Forces, and such Sentence shall be approved by his Majesty, it shall be lawful, by Order under the Hand of the Secretary at War, or his Deputy, to cause such Man, if found fit for general Service, on Examination by a Surgeon of his Majesty's other Forces, to be entered as a private Soldier, to serve in such Regiment or Corps of his Majesty's other Forces as shall be directed in such Order, or for general Service, and to be forthwith conveyed either to the Head Quarters of the Regiment or Corps in which lie shall be so entered, or to the Head Quarters' for Recruits belonging to llis Majesty Regiments on foreign Stations (as the Case may require); and such Substitute or Volunteer (halt, from the Time of his being delivered over to be so conveyed as aforesaid, be subject and liable to all the like Penalties and Pu-niffimenta contained in any Act then in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, as it he had been originally enlisted for general Service, or for the Regiment or Coips in which he shall be so ordered to be entered as aforesaid.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the whole Number of Perfor.s enrolled in the said Militia for any County, Riding, or Place, shall have been ordered to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, and in case any of the Persons so ordered to be drawn out and embodied, shall afterwards make Default, either by not appearing in pursuance of any such Order as aforesaid, or by Desertion or A!)fence from Duty, and such Person shall not be taken within the Space of three Months from the Time of such Default, Dcfeition, or Absence, then a Vacancy shall be declared by the Deputy Lieutenants at their find Meeting to be holdui for the Subdivision for which such Person was enrolled, next after the Receipt of the Certificate of such Default, Desertion, or Absence, under the Hand of the Officer commanding the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which such Person belonged, and the Vacancy thus occasioned shall be forthwith filled up by a fresh Ballot.

CXXIX. And whereas it may be expedient, that only such a Proportion of the Militia, and in such of the

Counties, Ridings, and Places as shall be specified in any Order of his Majesty, should be drawn out and cm-

bodied in the iirib Instance, and that the Appointment of the private Men neccftary to conilitute such Proportion, should be made or decided by Ballot orolherwiic as is herein-ufter mentioned in each Subdivision or

r 3' ' ' Diihict*

G.

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 90.

District, without assembling them previously out of the Subdivision or District to which they belong be it therefore enacted, That the Lieutenant of every County, Riding, or Place, or (in case of Vacancy, or in the Absence of the Lieutenant from his County, Riding, or Place, ) any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, to whom any Order of his Majesty for the Purpose of embodying the said Militia, or such Part or Proportion thereof as his Majesty shall have judged necessary, and ordered to be embodied, shall have been directed, shall, as soon after the Receipt thereof as conveniently may be, issue his or their Order to the Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings in such County, Riding, or Place, to prepare and make out a full and true Lift, containing the Names of all Persons enrolled to serve in the said Militia by virtue of this Act, within each Sub-division respectively, and arranged according to their Classes as herein-before mentioned, before a Day to be spe-cifitd in the said Order of the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, and which Day shall not be later than three Days after the Date of such Order; and the said Clerks shall, within the Time fixed by such Order, prepare and make out such Lifts accordingly, and also two Duplicates thereof, one of which Duplicates shall he for the Use of the Deputy Lieutenants at their respective Subdivision Meetings, and the other Duplicate thereof shall be transmitted to the Clerk of the General Meetings, for the Use of the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place, or the Deputy Lieutenants who shall have issued such Order as aforesaid.

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, to whom his Majesty's O er shall be directed, shall, at the Time of issuing his or their Order herein-before mentioned, also issue his or their Order for assembling all the Men of the said Militia within their respective Subdivisions, or at such Place or Places within their respective Counties, Ridings, or Places, and in such Proportions as to the said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid shall appear most expedient, on the Day or Days to be specified in such his or their Order to the Chief Constable, or other Officers of the several Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, or other Divisions within such County, Riding, or Place, with Directions immediately to issue Precepts conformable thereto to the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers of the several Panfhet, Tythings, and Places within the said Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, and Divisions respectively; and such Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers, are hereby required, upon Receipt thereof, forthwith to cause Notice in Writing to be given to the several Men of the said Militia, or left at their usual Places of Abode, within their respective Parishes, Tythines, or Places, to attend within their respective Subdivmons or Districts, at the Time and Place mentioned in such Order, and shall also cause a like Notice thereof to be affixed on the Doors of the Churches or Chapels belonging to their respective Parishes, Tythings, or Places, or (if any Place shall have no Church or Chapel belonging thereto) on the Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parish, Tything, or Place thereunto adjoining, which Notice shall be deemed a sufficient Notice to every Person enrolled by virtue of this Act, notwithstanding any Omission in the Delivery of written Notices in Manner herein directed; and all such Militia Men shall duly attend at the Time and Place appointed in such Notices respectively.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person of the said Militia, not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a Militia Man, shall not appear in pursuance of such Order, or appearing, shall not abide the Orders of the Deputy Lieutenants attending in pursuance of this Act, every such Person shall be deemed a Deserter, and if not taken previously to the Completion of the Ballot at which such Person ought to attend in pursuance of this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, and shall be deemed and taken to be a Person liable to be embodied within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and to serve according to the Directions herein contained, over and above the Number to be cholen by Ballot as aforesaid.

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid of every County, Riding, or Place, or any three or more of them, shall appoint the first Meeting to be holden by the several Deputy Lieutenants of the same County, Riding, or Place within their respective Subdivisions, or at such other Place or Places as shall have been appointed as aforesaid, on the Day mentioned in such Order as aforesaid, for assembling the Men of the said Militia, in order to their being chosen or balloted to serve according to the Directions of this Act, and shall also appoint the Time and Place of assembling such of the said Men as shall be so chosen or ballotted within their respective Counties, Ridings, or Places, in 013er to their being embodied; of which several Appointments the respective Deputy Lieutenants shall have Notice; and all the Men enrolled on the Lift of every such Subdivision or District, and appearing in pursuance of such Order on the Day so to be appointed, shall be then mustered by the said Deputy Lieutenants, and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall at such Meeting proceed in the Manner by this Act directed, to cause a Number of the Men so appearing to be chosen or ballotted for, according to the Directions of this Act, equal to such Proportion of the complete Number that had been or ought to be enrolled by virtue of this Act, on the Lift of such Subdivision or District, as shall or may be specified in his Majesty's Order for drawing out and embodying any Part or Proportion of the Militia as aforesaid, and to cause the Names of all the Persons chosen and ballotted to be marked on the Lift of such Subdivision or District; and when the Choice and Ballot shall be concluded, the said Deputy Lieutenants shall cause the Lift of such Subdivision or District to be publickly called; and as the Name of each Person contained therein shall be read, shall then and there declare whether such Person is or is not (as the Case may be) chosen or ballotted out of such Lift in the Manner herein-before provided; and the Names of all the Persons io chosen and ballotted, shall be returned to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place for which such Persons are enrolled, or to the Deputy Lieutenants who shall have given such Order as aforesaid; and the Persons so chosen and ballotted, shall he embodied to serve according to the true Intent of this Act; and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall openly declare to the Men who have been so chosen or ballotted, the Time and Place <»f their assembling, in order to their being embodied; and all and every such Persons or Person who shall have been declared to be so chosen or ballotted, shall immediately proceed and repair to, and shall duly attend at the Time and Place so to be appointed and declared, in order to their or his being embodied accordingly; and all 42 Geo. III. 3 P and

473

shall order Subdivision Clerks to make out JJtfs of Person, enrolled in Ciafie* (*V<v §9<.), with a Duplicate fur the Deputy Lieutenants, and another for be transmitted 10 the General Meetings;

and also Orders to Chief Constables Sec. for aflerpbling the Men within their respectiv© Subdivisions; whereupon Constables shall give Notices for the Men to attend.

Men not appearing, &c. shall be deemed Deftrt-ers, and forfeit io!. and be liable to be embodied.

County Lieutenant, &c. shall appoint the first Subdivision Meeting for balloting, &c. of which Deputy Lieutenants shall give Notice, and shall ballot for the Men accordingly; a List of whom shall be returned to the County Lieutenant, Jcc.

474

Deputy Lieutenants may current Classes. (fc*§9»)

When only Part t>\' the Militia shall be embodied, Deputy lieutenant* shall el.oose or ballot Men according to iheii lefpee-tive Clades, beginning with the

first.

Where Persons enrolled in any hubdivision shall be absent, &c. JorthreeMonihs, Vacancy shall be filed up out of such Subdivision.

Certain Persons enrolled, if not balloted, may volunteer to fenre.

Allowance to Men attending the Ballot, and

not being cnolcn.

Subdivision Clerks may draw on Receivers General for Amount of such Allowances,

Such Clerks % shall account.

C. 90. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

and every such Persons or Person as shall be so declared not to have been so chosen or ballotted as aforesaid, shall be discharged from further Attendance in pursuance of such Order as aforesaid.

CXXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants, in their several Subdivision Meetings, and before they proceed to choose or ballot, as herein-before directed, to revise and correct the Names of the Men contained in such Oafs or Classes, according to the several Changes or Alterations that may have taken Place since the last Revisal or Correction thereof.

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That, whenever his Majesty shall think fit to draw out and embody a Part or Proportion only of the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, the Deputy Lieutenants in their several Subdivisions shall, before they proceed to choose or ballot for the private Men who are to form such Part or Proportion, examine the Classes of the Descriptions herein-before mentioned, entered according to the Provisions of this Act, and in every Case in which the Part or Proportion of the Militia required to be called out in such Subdivision, shall equal the Number of Men contained in such first, or first and second, or other succeeding Classes in their Order, then and in such Case the Men contained in such Class or Classes, as the Case may be, shall be forthwith chosen without any Ballot; and when the Proportion of Men so required as aforesaid, shall be less than the Number of Men contained in such first Class, then such Proportion shall be ballotted for out of such Class only, and no other; and when the Proportion so required as aforesaid shall exceed the Number of Men contained in the first, or first and any succeeding Class or Classes in the Order in which they shall so stand as aforesaid, the Deputy Lieutenants shall first choose all the Men in such first Class, or first and next succeeding Class or Classes, until such Proportion shall be as near as may be completed, and shall then proceed to ballot, in Manner directed by this Act, for the Remainder of the Proportion so required as aforesaid, out of the Class immediately following the last Class that shall have been wholly taken towards making up such Proportion as aforesaid; and the Deputy Lieutenants shall proceed in like Manner for the supplying of any further Part or Proportion of Militia, in cale any further Part should be afterwards ordered by his Majesty to be embodied, and shall, during the Whole of the Time that a Part or Proportion only of the Militia shall remain embodied, supply all Vacancies, as they shall arise, in such Part or Proportion, out of the Classes as they Hand in Succession, and shall in no Case proceed to ballot for the supplying of any Vacancy out of any Class, until all the Men contained in the preceding Class or Classes, who shall be able and fit to join such Militia, shall have been chosen for that Purpose.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Militia, or any Part or Proportion of the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, shall have been ordered to be drawn out and embodied in pursuance of this Act, in case any of the Persons enrolled in any Subdivision of such County, Riding, or Place, the Militia whereof shall be so ordered to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, shall make Default either by not appearing in pursuance of any such Order as aforesaid, or by Desertion or Absence from Duty, and such Person shall not be taken within the Space of three Months from the Time of such Default, then a Vacancy shall be declared by the Deputy Lieutenants, at their first Meeting to be holden for the Subdivision for which the Person so making Default was enrolled, next after the Receipt of the Certificate of such Default, Desertion, or Absence, under the Hands of the Officer commanding the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, to which such Person belonged, and the Vacancy thus occasioned shall be forthwith filled up by a fresh Ballot within the Subdivision. aforesaid.

CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person enrolled by virtue of this Act, and not chosen or ballotted as aforesaid, who shall not have any Child or Children living under the Age of fourteen Years, and who shall not be more than thirty-five Years of Age, shall offer himself as a Volunteer, to be drawn out and embodied in the Room of any Person so chosen or ballotted, it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants at any Meeting, to accept such Volunteer in the Room of such Person so chosen or ballotted as aforesaid, and such Person so accepted shall serve as if he had himself been so chosen or ballotted in Manner aforesaid.

CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Man of the said Militia who shall appear and attend at the Ballot to be taken as herein-before directed, and who shall not be chosen or ballotted as aforesaid, shall be entitled to an Allowance, after the Rate of one Shilling per Diem, during the Time he shall be necessarily employed from Home, in going to, and continuing at, and returning from the Place to be appointed for such Ballot, not to exceed three Days, to be paid by the Clerk of the Subdivision or other Meeting in which such Men shall be enrolled; and on the Certificate of the Number of Men so paid, under the Hands of such Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace respectively, or where no Deputy Lieutenant shall there attend, then of any one such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, the Receiver General of such County, Riding, or Place, shall reimburse to the said Clerk the Sums so paid, out of any Monies in his Hands of any Aid granted by Parliament by Way of Land Tax.

CXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks of the Subdivision or other Meetings shall be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to draw on the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding, or Place, for such Sum or Sums of Money as such Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace respectively, dr where no Deputy Lieutenant shall attend, then a6 one Justice of the Peace shall, by any Order under their or his respective Hands or Hand, direct and appoint, which Sum or Sums of Money shall be applied by such respective Clerks for paying the Allowances herein-before directed to be made; and the Receipt of any such Clerk, together with such Order, shall be to the said Receiver General of the Land Tax a sufficient Discharge for the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and be allowed in hi a. Account.

CXXXIX. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Subdivision or other Meeting shall, when required by such Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace, or where no Deputy Lieutenant shall attend, then by one Justice of the Peace, make out an Account of the respective Sums of Money by him received and paid, in pursuance of tills Act, to be by them, examined allowed, and figued $ and the Account so examined, allowed,

and

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 90.

and signed, shall be and it hereby directed to be the proper Voucher and Aoquhtal of such Clerk for the Application and Disposal of such Money.

CXL. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be conllrued to debar his Majesty from ordering the Remainder of the said Militia, or io many of the Remainder of the said Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, as his Majesty shall in his Wisdom think proper, to be drawn out and embodied whenever the Occasion shall require, according to the Provisions prescribed by this Act.

CXLI. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty shall think fit to draw out and embody any further Proportion of the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of such County, Riding, or Place, or three or more Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, and he and they is and are hereby respectively required to cause such further Proportion to be drawn out and embodied as his Majesty shall order; and in so doing such Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants respectively, and also all and every the Deputy Lieutenants, and all other Officers aforesaid respectively, shall pursue the Rules and Directions herein-before prescribed for drawing out and .embodying the first Proportion thereof.

CXLII. And be it further enacted, That, if during such Time as any Part of the Militia which shall have been drawn out and embodied for Service, shall continue embodied, his Majesty shall deem it expedient that the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, or any Part thereof, which shall not at such Time be actually embodied for Service, should be drawn out in order to be mustered, trained, and exercised for a limited Time, instead of being so embodied for Service, according to the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to direct the Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants of all or any of the said Counties, Ridings, or Places, to cause the said Militia not actually embodied, or any Part thereof, to be drawn out in order to be mustered, trained, and exercised, in such Proportion, and for such Time, and at such Place or Places, as shall be appointed, with the Approbation of his Majesty, by the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, in Manner as is herein-before directed for training and exercising the disembodied Militia; and the same shall be mustered, trained, and exercised accordingly.

CXLIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Whole of the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place is ordered to be embodied, all the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Drummers of every Rc-

fiment. Battalion, or Corps of the Militia of such County, Riding, or Place, shall immediately join the Legiment, Battalion, or Corps to which they respectively belong, at the Time and Place appointed for the embodying such Militia; and whenever the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, is called out and embodied by Detachments or Divisions, under any Order of his Majesty for that Purpose, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to order and direct the Proportion and Description of Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Drummers, who shall accompany such Detachments or Divisions of Men and the respective Establishments of such Detachments or Divisions, and also to regulate the Numbers and Duties of all such Officers, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, as shall remain within any such County, Riding, or Place, for the mustering, training, and exercising of the Remainder of the private Militia Men thereof, as the Service may require, and to his Majesty may seem most fit and convenient.

CXLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, from Time to Time as he shall think fit, to disembody any Part or Proportion of any Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, embodied under this Act, and from Time to Time again to draw out and embody any such Militia so disembodied as aforesaid, or any Proportion thereof, as to his Majesty shall seem necessary, according to the Rules and Provisions of this Act.

CXLV. And be it further enacted, That when the Militia, or any Part thereof, having been so drawn out into actual Service as aforesaid, shall be again duly disembodied, and the Officers and Men thereof dif-mefied to return to their several Places of Abode, the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and private Men, shall be subject to the same Orders, Directions, and Engagements only, as they were subject to under the Provisions of this Act, before they were so drawn out into actual Service as aforesaid.

CXLVI. And whereas it may be expedient that, in all Cases of actual Invasion, or of imminent Danger thereof, and in case of Rebellion, his Majesty should be empowered to increase without Delay, the Number of Militia Forces, for the more effectual Protection and Defence of this Realm; ' be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty (the Occasion being first communicated to Parliament, if the Parliament shall be then fitting, or declared in Council and notified by Proclamation, if no Parliament shall be then .fitting or in being), to order and direct, by his Royal Proclamation, that in Addition to the Number of Men required by or under the foregoing Provisions of this Act, to be raised by the several Counties, Ridings, and Places herein mentioned, there shall be forthwith raised and enrolled in the said several Counties, Ridings, and Places, any Number of Men not exceeding the Proportion of one Half of the whole Number of Men before required, by or under this Act, to be raised by each County, Riding, s*pd Place; and the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants respectively of the said Counties, Ridings, and Places shall, immediately on the issuing of any such Proclamation, assemble and forthwith proceed to apportion the Number of Men required to be raised in their respective Counties, Ridings, and Places, amqng the several Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, and also among the several Parishes, Tythings, or Places therein respectively; and shall thereafter proceed to raise and enroll such Men at such Time or Times as shall be specified for that Purpose in such Proclamation; and all the Powers, Provisions, Regulations, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Bounties, Allowances, Claufts, Matters, and Things in this Act contained relative to the Militia, shall be applied, practised, enforced, and put in Execution, for the raising, training, and exercising, and for the embodying and calling out into actual Service the Supplementary Militia so ordered and directed to be raised and enrolled, in as full and ample a Manner in every respect* as far as the same can be

3 P 2 applied

j*

47 6

His Majesty may embody Remainder at Militia

when like Proceeding* shall be had a* before.

Such Part of Militia as is not embodied may be drawn out to be excercised.

Regulations fm* Attendance ol Officers, &c. on embodying Militia.

His Majesty may from Time to Time difern-body Militia and re-embody them.

Militia when disembodied, shall be subject to such Oideis only, a> before being drawn out. In case of Inva-Jion or Rcbc l.ion, his Majesty may by Proclamation incre.»1<? the Militia, not ex ceding Half the dumber required under this A<f>, and ibe County Lieutenants and Deputies Hull :; [). portion the Number, and proceed to r: ife and eim II the Men, at such Time as (bait be f|'Leif: . c! in

the PivcLn'.aUon.

476 C. 90.

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

Tn such Case Parliament shall be called together.

His Majesty,

by Proclamation, may reduce and disembody such Supplementary Militia, and the Privates shall remain liable to serve for the Periods for which enrolled, and shall supply Vacancies for the Placet where ertjftnaliy en-

The Powers re-fpc£ting Northumberland extended to Berwick-upon-Tweed; and if Persons can be found there with the requifue Qualifications, the Chief Magistrate shall a point five Deputy Lieutenants, and a proportionate Number of Officers to the Men who shall join the Militia of Northumberland.

Governor of the Isle of Wiv; ht shall appoint the </lIicers, &c. of that Militia, with the same Qualification as in Wales

Such M litia fiull be deemed Part of that of the County of Southampton. but shall remain in the Island unless ©therwiie ordered.

applied and put in Force, as if the said Number of Men so added to the Militia had been included in the Number of Men required and directed to be raised by virtue of this Act.

CXLVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty shall cause the Supplementary Militia to be raised and enrolled, or drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, if the Parliament shall then be separated by such Adjournment or Prorogation as will not expire within fourteen Days, his Majesty may and shall issue a Proclamation for the Meeting of the Parliament within fourteen Days, and the Parliament shall accordingly meet and fit upon such Day as shall be appointed by such Proclamation, and continue to fit and aft in like Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if it had stood adjourned or prorogued to the same Day.

CXLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, from Time to Time ( whenever he shall deem it expedient to reduce the Whole or any Part of the Supplementary Militia, by hit Royal Proclamation to declare such Reduction accordingly; and in case the said Supplementary Militia, or any Part thereof, shall be then embodied), to disembody the fame, or any Number of private Militia Men equal thereto, without regard to whether such Men were raised and enrolled in pursuance of any Proclamation for raising the Supplementary Militia, or were enrolled before, and were serving at the Time of the issuing thereof; and the private Militia Men so disembodied as aforesaid, or so many of them as may have been enrolled and not embodied at the Time of issuing such Proclamation, shall nevertheless remain liable to serve for the respective Periods for which they shall have been respectively enrolled to serve, and shall during such Periods supply all the Vacancies that may arise in the respective Parishes or Places, or United Parishes or Places, for which they shall have been so enrolled, whenever called upon so to do; and the Deputy Lieutenants of the respective Subdivisions shall, from Time to Time, cause any Man or Men, as the Case may be, that may be required for supplying any Vacancy or Vacancies in the established Militia, that may arise for any Parish or Place, or United Parishes or Places in their respective Subdivisions, to be taken from their respective Classes as aforesaid, or ballotted as the Case may require, according to the Provisions in this Act contained, relating to the taking Men for the Militia from Clafics, until all the Men so remaining liable, and that shall be fit to serve, shall have supplied such Vacancies: Provided always, that no Ballot shall take plact for the raising and enrolling any Man to supply any Vacancy that may arise from any Parish or Place, lo long as the same can be supplied from any Men, or by any Man, then enrolled for such Parish or Place that shall remain liable and be fit to serve: Provided also, that no Man so remaining liable to serve as aforesaid for any Parish or Place, shall be called upon or be liable to supply any Vacancy arising for any other Parish or Place than that for which he shall be originally enrolled to serve under the Provisions of this Act: Provided also, that no such Man so remaining liable to supply such Vacancy as aforesaid shall, during the Time he so remains liable, be capable of being enlisted into his Majesty's regnlar Forces.

CXLIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers given and Provisions made by this Act, with respect to the County of Northumberland and the Militia thereof shall ektend to the Town of Berwick-ufon* Tweed and the Liberties thereof (except only in such Cases where by this Act it is otherwise expressly provided for); and that out of the Persons returned in the Lifts for the said Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, a Number of private Militia Men shall be chosen by Ballot to serve for the said Town, in the same Proportion with the private Militia Men appointed to serve for the other Hundreds, Wards, and other Divisions within the said County of Northumberland; and if Persons can be found within the said Town and Liberties thereof with such Qualifications as are required for Deputy Lieutenants and Officers within Cities and Towns which are Conn-ties of themselves, the Chief Magistrate of the said Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed shall appoint five Deputy Lieutenants, and such Number of Officers of the Militia as shall be proportional to the Number of Militia Men which the said Town shall raise as their Quota towards the Militia of the County of Northumberland; and the Lieutenant of the said County, and Deputy Lieutenants, and all other Officers and Persons acting in the Execution of this Act, for raising and training the Militia within the said County, are hereby authorized and required to put this Act into Execution within the said Town and the Liberties thereof, but subject nevei^ theless to such Penalties as are inflicted upon Deputy Lieutenants and other Officers of the Militia for acting, not being duly qualified; and that the Militia Men to be chosen for the said Town shall join the Militia of the County of Northumberland, and be exercised together, and shall then, and also in Time of actual Service, be deemed Part of the Militia of the County of Northumberland,

CL. 4 And whereas the ordering the Militia of the lile of Wight has always been in the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of the said Island; be it enacted, That after the Number of Persons which the said Island is to furnish to the Militia of the County of Southampton shall have been appointed, as by this Act is directed, by his Majesty's Lieutenant and the Deputy Lieutenants, or by the Deputy Lieutenants of the said County at large, the Governor of the said Island, shall appoint the Officers of the Militia to be raised in the said Island, and shall and is hereby empowered and required to act in the Execution of this Act, in the same Manner as his Majesty's Lieutenants of Counties are hereby empowered and required to act, and shall appoint five or more Deputies to act for him in and for the said Island, which Deputies and Officers of the Militia shall be qualified in the same Manner, and are hereby empowered and required to act in the Execution of this Act, in the (amc Manner and under the same Directions, Provisions, and Penalties, as Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia in the several Counties within the Dominion of Wales, are by this Act subject to; and the Militia of the said Island shall be raised in the same Manner as the Militia of the County of Southampton, and shall be deemed a Part of the Militia of the said County; and after the same shall be so raiftd, the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor, and Deputies, shall order and direct the training and exercising the said Militia within the said Island, in the same Manner as his Majesty's Lieutenants and the Deputy Lieutenants are by this Act authorized and directed to do in any County within that Part of Great Britain called England, and the Militia so raised within the said Island shall be continued and remain within the said Island as an internal Defence thereof, unless his Majesty shall otherwise order and direct.

CU, And

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 90. 477

CLI. And be it further enacted, That, for the several Purposes of this A A, the Constablery of Craike, Craike shall be which is a Parcel of the County of Durham, surrounded by Part of the North Riding of the County of York, deemed Pan of shall be deemed to be situate within and Part of the said North Riding; and that Part of the Parish of Part of

Maker, which lies in the County of Cornwall, shall be deemed to be situate within and Part of the County Maker lying in of Cornwall; and that the Town and Parish of Wokingham shall be deemed to be situate within and Part Cornwall, of the County of ierks; and that the Township of Filey shall be deemed to be situate within and Part of the Part of that East Riding of the County of York; and that Threapwood shall be deemed to be situate within and Part of County. — Wo-the Parish of Worlhenbury in the County of Flint; and that the Parish of Saint Martin, called Stamford Baron, gerks^Viley of in the Suburbs of the Borough and Town of Stamford, on the South Side of the Waters called Welland, shall Yorkiire, E. R. be deemed to be situate within and Part of the County of Lincoln. — Threapwood

of Flintshire; and Stamford Baron, of Lincolnihire

CLII. And be it further enacted, That the several Towns and Places herein-before mentioned, and deemed to be situate within and Part of the several Counties, Ridings, and Places aforesaid, for the Purposes of this Act, shall be subject to the Jurisdiction and Authority of the Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, and other Officers of the respective Counties, Ridings, and Places, within which such Towns and Places are hereby deemed to be situate; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLIII. ' And whereas the Militia of the City of London are now raised and regulated under and by virtue of two several Acts passed in the thirty-sixth and thirty-ninth Years respectively of the Reign of his present Majesty: And whereas the Militia of the Tower Hamlets are now raised and regulated by two several Acts

passed in the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and the same are thereby respectively made subject to certain of the Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, by this Act repealed be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Punishments, Bounties, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things in this Act contained, in relation to any Persons, Acts, Matters, and Things as to which the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid, or any of the Clauses or Provisions thereof, were in force or applicable as to the said respective Militias, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be applied, practised, and put in full Force as to all such Persons, Matters, and Things, as far as the same can dc applied, and are not contrary to any of the Provisions of the said respective Acts, or any or either of them, as fully and effectually in all Respects, as if the said Acts and this Act, and the respective Provisions thereof^ were consolidated into one Ad: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to repeal any of the Provisions of the said Acts, or either of them, other than such as are in and by the said Acts made subject to the Rules, Regulations, Clauses, Powers, and Provisions of the said recited Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid.

CLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to the Tinners in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, but that the Warden of the Stannaries, in pursuance of his Majesty's Commission in that Behalf, and such as he shall commissionate and authorize under him, shall have and use the like Powers, and array, aiTefs, arm, mutter, and exercise the said Tinners within the said Counties, or either of them, as hath been heretofore used, and according to the ancient Privileges and Customs of the said Stannaries.

CLV. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of the Cinque Ports, two ancient Towns, and their Members, and in his Absence lus Lieutenant or Lieutenants, shall put in Execution within the said Ports, Towns, and Members, all the Powers and Authorities given and granted by this Act, in the like Manner as Lieutenants of Counties and their Deputy Lieutenants may do; and shall keep up and continue the usual Number of Soldiers in the said Ports, Towns, and Members, unless he or they find cause to lessen the fame; and the Militia of the said Ports, Towns, and Members shall remain separate from the Militia of the several Counties, within which the said Ports, Towns, and Members are situate; and it shall be lawful for the said Warden, or his Lieutenant or Lieutenants, in pursuance of Orders from his Majesty, in the Manner pre* feribed by the Act of the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of King Charles the Second, notwithstanding one or more Months Pay advanced be not reimbursed, to raise and draw out the Soldiers into actual Service, and to cause the Persons charged as by the said Act to provide their Soldiers with Pay in Hand, not exceeding one Month's Pay, in such Manner as if all the Pay advanced and provided had been reimbursed; and to use the like Powers, and to array, assess, and arm, mutter and exercise the said Soldiers, and to make Assessments, and issue Warrants for the Assessments made or to be made for raising any Trophy Money, and for defraying the necessary Charges of Trophies, and other incident Expences of the Militia of the said Ports, Towns, and Members, as hath been heretofore used, and according to their ancient Privileges and Customs; any Thing in the said Act or this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

And subject to the Lieutenants, See. of ihofe Counties.

The Militia of London shall be regulated under 36 G. 3. c. 92.Sc 39 G. 3. c. 82.; and of the Tower Hamlets tender 37 O. 3. cc. 25, 75* together with this Act, as they wero with 26 G. 3. c. 107.

This Act shall not extend to Tinners of Devon and Cornwall.

Warden of the Cinque Ports, &c. may aft ar County Lieutenants, &c. Militia of the Ports shall re* main separate from the Militia of the Counties, and may he drawn out into actual Sen ice though the Pay advanced may not have been reimbursed, &c.

(as under 131114 Car. 2. c. 3. See $?) [anrijee 15 Car. 2, c. 4.§i9- J'

CLVI. And whereas, for the different Rapes in the Counties of Suffix and East Kent, there are no Peace Churchwardens

Officers who can act officially for such Rapes: And whereas the Rapes in the said Counties arc the most con- and Oveifcers in

venient Diilrids to be appointed as the Subdivisions for the Deputy Lieutenants to execute the several Pur- an5*

poses directed by this Act, and do contain within their Boundaries several Hundreds, to each of which there is tuJns<Jf Men li-" a Peace Officer belonging: And whereas the Boroughs and Tythings over which there are Headboroughs, abletoferve, &c.

Tythingmen, or other Peace Officers, are uncertain in their Boundaries, and often include Parts of various and have ihe

Pari files, from which great Inconveniences arise both in balloting for the Men to be drawn by Lot for the hnie Powers as Service of the said Militia, and also in the Payment of the Money directed to be paid by the Parishes to those Constables in

who may be allotted to serve: And whereas it would be more expedient that the balloting for Men to serve 0 aces*

in the said Militia for the Counties of Suffix and Kent should be by the Division of Parishes, to which Division there are na Peace Officers; 9 be it therefore enacted, That his Majesty's Lieutenant, or on his Death or Re-

3 movalv

47

County Lieutenants, 6c c. shall annually transmit certified Returns of the Militia to Clerks of the Peace to be filed;

or Clerk of Peace shall certify the Default. (Sce§ 168).

Where the Quota of any County, Jkc. shall not be raised, rol. shall be annually paid f >r each Man deficient, for which the Sessions shall make .an Assessment. (See §169.)

Such Assessments shall be made on each Parish proportionally.

When Deficiency shall arise in any particular Places, Assess-jnent shall be made thereon.

JustiCcs shall transmit Amount of AfteiTments

C. 96. 42 GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

inoval, or in his Absence, any Three or more Deputy Lieutenants of the Counties of Sussex and Kent respect lively, may and shall issue out his or their Orders to the Chief Constable of the several Hundreds in the Rapes in the said Counties, where their Subdivisions may have been or may be appointed, directing such Chief Con- Rabies to issue their Precepts and Orders to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of each Parish within their respective Hundreds or other Divisions, to return to the Deputy Lieutenants within their respective Subdivisions, at the Place and on the Days by them directed, fair and true Lifts in Writing of the Names of all the Men usually dwelling within their respective Parishes, between the Ages of eighteen and forty-five, distinguishing their respective Ranks and Occupations, and in like Manner in every respect and for such several Purposes as are by this A A directed to be done and performed by the Constables, Tythingmen, Head-boroughs, or other Officers of each Parish, Tything, or Place, within their respective Hundreds or other Divisions; and that the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes in the said Counties to whom such Precepts and Orders shall be issued, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed the Officers of such Parish, and shall be inverted with the same Powers and Authorities, and be liable to the same Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer, of any Parish, Tyth-ing, or Place, is inverted with, or subject and liable to by virtue of this Act.

CLVII. And whereas it may happen through Negle&or otherwise, that in some County, Riding, or Place the Militia may not be raised according to the Directions of this Act; and it is just and reasonable that all his Majesty's Subjects should contribute equally towards the Expence of raising and supporting a Militia for the Defence of the Realm be it therefore further enacted, That the Lieutenant, or any three Deputy Lieutenants of every County, Riding, and Place, where the Militia shall be raised according to the Directions of this Act, shall, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December in every Year, transmit a Certificate to the Clerk of the Peace, containing an Account of the Names, Number, and Rank of the Officers, and the Number of Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and private Men of the Militia of that Year, and the Time during which such Militia hath been trained and exercised; and every such Clerk of the Peace shall deliver such Certificate to the Suffices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions to be held next after the twenty-fifth Day of December in every Year, on the Day on which such Session shall be opened, and the same shall be filed amongst the Records of such Session; but where no such Certificate shall be received by the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, he shall certify the same under h: s Hand and Seal to the Justices so assembled, and such Certificate of the said Clerk of the Pcage shall be filed amongst the Records of such Session.

CLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in every County, Riding, or Place in which the full Number of Men required by or in pursuance of any of the Provisions of this Act, as the Quota of such County, Riding, or Place, shall not be raised and completed within six Months after the passing of this Act, or after the same shall have been fixed and established by any subsequent Order of his Majesty in Council as herein-before directed, then and in every such Case the Sum of Ten Pounds shall be annually paid for and in lieu of every private Militia Man less than the Quota of such County, Riding, or Place, who shall not have been raised within the Time limited by this Act; and the Justices of the Peace and Magistrates of every such County, Riding, and Place, assembled at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held next after the Expiration of the said six months shall, upon the Receipt of the Certificate of the Lieutenant, or three Deputy Lieutenants, which Certificate he and they is and are hereby required to transmit to the Clerk of the Peace for such County Riding, or Place, in order to be laid before the said Justices and Magistrates respectively at such Sessions, rate and assess the said Sum of ten Pounds per Man as aforesaid upon every such County, Riding, or Place; and in case at any future Time the Number of Men required to be provided for the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, according to the several Provisions of this Act, shall not be provided within three calendar Months after the Lieutenant, or any one of the three Deputy Lieutenants, shall have had Notice from or by the .Order of the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of such Militia of any Rich Deficiency, then and in every such Case 'the Justices and Magistrates as aforesaid assembled at the next General.or Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the County, Riding, or Place, after such Deficiency shall have been made known to them by the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, shall rate and assess the like Sum of ten Pounds for every Man so deficient as aforesaid, upon every County, Riding, or Place.

CLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Justices and Magistrates aforesaid, in making any such Rate and Assessment upon the Whole of any County, Riding, or Place, shall apportion the Sums so to be assessed as aforesaid, and rate and assess the same upon the several Parishes and Tything6 in such County, Riding, or Place, in the same Proportions in which the Men for the Militia are required to be raised by such Parishes and Tylhings respectively, according to such Appointment as may have been made thereof in pursuance of this Act, or to the last Apportionment that shall have been maae of Men to be raised by each Parish and Tything.

CLX. And be it further enacted, That when in any County, Riding, or Place, such Deficiency of Men shall arise from the Default of any particular Parish or Tything, or Parishes or Tythings, in such County, Riding, or Place, in not raising the Proportion, or respective Proportions of Men required to be raised by any such Parish or Tything, or Parishes or Tythings, then and in such Cases the said Justices and Magistrates, in making such Rate and Assessment as aforesaid, shall rate and assess all and every such Sum and Sums of Money upon such Parish or Tything, or Parishes or Tythings, that shall have so made Default as aforesaid, in Proportion to the Number of Men by which each of such Parishes or Tythings shall fall ffiort of the Number of Men required to be raised therein.

CLXl. And be it further enacted, That the Justices and Magistrates of the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, where any such Rate and Assessment shall be made as aforesaid, shall, immediately after the making of any such Rate and Assessment as aforesaid, transmit or cause to be transmitted the several Amounts of

the

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII IIJ. C. 90.

the Sums so assessed upon the several Parishes and Tythings, to the Treasurer or Treasurers of such County, Riding, or Place; and such Treasurer or Treasurers shall, as fuon as conveniently may be, cause Notice thereof to be given to the respective Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes and Tythings upon which any such Rate or Assessment shall have been made as aforesaid; and such Overseers shall, within fourteen Days after such Notice as aforesaid of such Rate or Assessment, pay the Amount of the Rate or Assessment made upon their respective Parishes or Tythings, out of any Money in their or any of their Hands, of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor; and if they or any of them shall not have sufficient of such Money for that Purpose, then such Overseers shall, and they are hereby required to make a Rate sufficient to satisfy such Rate and Assessment; and it shall be lawful for the said Overseers to levy and collect the same in such Manner as Rates made for the Relief of the Poor, or any other Rates made for the Burposes of this Act, may be levied and collected.

CLXII. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer or Treasurers receiving any such Sum or Sums of Money, shall retain such Sum or Sums of Money, in his or their Hands for three Calendar Months after the Receipt thereof, and during the said Period of three Months it shall be lawful for any Deputy Lieutenant of the Subdivision of the said County, Riding, or Place within which such Parish, Tything, or Place shall be situ-ate, to raise any Volunteer or Volunteers for such Militia, in lieu of such Man or Men as shall be so deficient as aforesaid, and to agree with every such Volunteer for a Bounty not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds; and the Deputy Lieutenant before whom any such Volunteer shall be duly examined, approved, sworn, and enrolled to ierve in the Militia, shall make an Order upon such Treasurer or Treasurers for the Payment of such Bounty, and upon the Production to such Treasurer or Treasurers of a Certificate under the Hands of such Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, of any such Volunteer having been duly examined, approved, sworn, and enrolled to serve in the Militia, and of such Order for the Payment of such Bounty as aforesaid, and of a Certificate under the Hands of the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia of such County, Riding, or Place, of such Man having joined his Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, such Treasurer or Treasurers shall, and he and they is and are hereby respectively required to pay out of such Money in his or their Hands as aforesaid, any Sum of Money not exceeding the said Sum of ten Pounds for each of such Volunteers as aforesaid; and such Treasurer or Treasurers shall, at the Expiration of three Months after the Receipt of such Money as aforesaid, pay all Sums of Money as may have come into his or their Hands, for and on Account of any such Fines as aforesaid, and as shall not have been paid for and on Account of any such Volunteer as aforesaid, in Manner herein directed, to the Receiver General of such County, Riding, or Place, to be applied and disposed of in like Manner as directed by this Act.

CLXIII.' And whereas there are several Cities, Towns, and Places, which do not contribute to the Payment of the said Rate, called The County Rate, and Doubts may arise whether such Cities, Towns, and Places

can be legally rated or assessed towards the Payment of the Rate or Assessment to be laid in pursuance of this 'Ad be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases where the Militia shall not be raised within any City, Town, or Place, not rated to the County Rate, the Proportion of the said Sum of ten Pounds per Man, to be borne by such City, Town, or Place, shall be raised, levied, and collected within such City, Town, or Place, by a separate Rate or Assessment, in like Manner, by the Overseers of the Poor, and by such and the like Ways and Means at the Rates for the Relief of the Poor can or may be raised, levied, and collected; and such Overseers of the Poor shall, from Time to Time, pay over the same to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Place, with which such City, Town, or Place, shall be joined or united, for the Purpose of raising the Militia.

CLXIV. 'And whereas there are some Towns which lie in two Counties or Ridings, and Doubts may arise ' whether such Towns are obliged to pay to both Counties or Ridings towards raising the said Money -be it therefore further enacted, that where any Town lies in two Counties or Ridings, or Part thereof in a County and Part in a Riding, the Proportion of the said Money to be paid for such Town, in lieu of raising the Militia as aforesaid, shall be paid to the Treasurer of the County or Riding wherein the Church of such Town is situate.

CLXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Sum of Money which ought to be paid by any City, Town, or Place, not rated to the County Rate as aforesaid, shall not be paid to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Place as aforesaid, before the first Day of June in every Year, the Justices of the Peace for such County, Riding, or Place shall, at their next Midsummer Quarter Sessions, and they are hereby required (by their Warrant, directed to any Constable or Tythingman of every such Parish and Division) to cause the Sum due from such Parish under this Act, by reason of such Men not being raised as aforesaid, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Overseers of the Poor of every such Parish and Division, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after such Money and the reasonable Charges attending such Distrefe and Sale shall be fully paid and satisfied; and all such Overseers of the Poor shall be reimbursed the Money so levied on them respectively, by the same Ways and Means as Overseers of the Poor arc reimbursed the Money by them expended for the Relief of the Poor by the Laws now in being, and may make a Rate for that Purpose if necessary.

CLXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Receiver General of the Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to whom any such Money shall be paid, shall give a Receipt for such Money to the Person or Persons paying the Tame, which Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for such Payment; and that when the whole Sum directed to be raised in any County, Riding, or Place as aforesaid, shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General, in pursuance of this Act, such Payment shall be a full Difcltarge and Indemnification to such County, Riding, or Place, for the Failure or Neg-led in raising and training the Number of Men of the Militia for the Year in respect whereof such Payment shall be wade j and every such Receiver General shall, within ten Days after the Receipt of any such Money,

1 certify

479

to County Tre.i-furor; and he shall give Notice to ihe Overseed, who shall pay the Money rut of the Poor Rates.

County Treasurer Hull ictain fat h Money three Months, and pay ihere-out Bounties to Volunteers rail oil by Deputy Lieutenants, and the Balance to the Receiver Geneutl of the County.

In Place? where there are no County Rates, the A ffefiments shall be raised as Poor's Rates, and paid by the Overseers to the Treasurer of the County.

Where a Town

lies in two Coun tie % Assessments shall be paid where the Church (lands.

If such A fil ament be not paid before June 1, yearly, it may be lev ied by the nexi Quarter Sessions on the Overseers.

When AssessT-ment is paid to Receiver General, the Place shall be

imItmn 11 t*d for no; 1 u(; ny its Quota that Year. Sw h Payments th.di Ctcc; tired

4$o

torthe Treasury, and ihc Money paid into the Exchequer, and disposed of lay Parliament.

Allowance to Receiver General.

Allowance to County Treasurer, High Constables, ice.

Clerk of Peace shall annually transmit Copies of Certificates from County Lieutenants. 3c c. or his own Certificate of their Omission, (fee $57.) to the Treasury, and shall also certify Omission* of Ju llices to raise Money to Solicitor of the Treasury, who shall compel them to do so.

Solicitor of Treasury shall compel Payment of the iol.per Man. (See 6 i58).

Penalties for Neglect on Clerks of the Peace, Receivers General, Treasurcn., Constables, Solicitor to the Treasury, &c.

Provision* of 24 G. 2. c. 44.

extended to County Lieutenant:, hcc.

C. 90. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

certify such Receipt to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, ar, d forthwith pay the same into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the Money so paid into the Exchequer fluill be kept separate and apart from all other Money, and shall be accounted for yearly to Parliament, and disposed of as Parliament shall direct; and no Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid to any Officer of the Exchequer, for or on account of receiving or issuing any such Money; and the High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, is and are hereby authorized to allow to the Receiver General of any such County or Place, upon the clearing of his Accounts, such Salary or Reward for hri Pains and Trouble in receiving and paying in such Money, as the said High Treasurer or Commissioners shall think proper, not exceeding two Pence in the Pound for so much Money as he shall pay into the Exchequer in pursuance of this Act.

CLXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Treasurer of every County, Riding, or Place in which any such Money shall be raised as aforesaid, shall be allowed for his Pains and Trouble the Sum of one Penny in the Pound, upon the whole Sum so by him received and paid; which Allowance every such Treasurer is hereby authorized to detain in his Hands out of the Money (o received by him, before Payment made to the Receiver General as aforesaid; and every High Constable, Petty Constable, Churchwarden, and Overseer of the Poor, who shall act in the raising and collecting of the said Money, shall respectively be allowed and paid by such Treasurer, as a Recompence for their Trouble therein, the Sum of one Penny in the Pound of all such Money, in the raising and collecting whereof they shall respectively aft as aforesaid; and such Treasurer is hereby authorized and required to deduct the same out of the Money so received by Iiim as aforesaid, and to pay the respective Proportions thereof to such High Constables or other Officers aforesaid.

CLXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace for every County, Riding, or Place shall, and he is hereby required, within fourteen Days next after the General Quarter Session of the Peace to be held next after the twenty-fifth Day of December, yearly, to transmit to the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, and also to the Receiver General for such County, Riding, or Place, a Copy, signed by such Clerk of the Peace, of every Certificate which he shall have received from the Lieutenant, or any three Deputy Lieutenants of such County, Riding, or Place as aforesaid; and where such Certificate shall be omitted to be delivered, the Clerk of the Peace shall certify such Omission to the Lord High Treasurer, or to the Commissioners of the Treasury, and also to the Receiver General, and that such Clerk of the Peace hath certified the same to the Justices at such General Quarter Session, and required such Justices to proceed according to the Directions of this Act, and such Clerk of the Peace shall also certify what Proceedings have been had at such General Quarter Sessions, in relation to the assessing and raising of the said Money, where the Militia shall not have been raised; and in case such Justices shall omit, neglect, or refuse to proceed to raise the said Money according to the Directions of this Act, then the Clerk of the Peace of such County, Riding, or Place, shall, and he is hereby required, within fourteen Days next after such General Quarter Session of the Peace, to certify to the Solicitor of the Treasury, such Omission, Neglect, or Refusal of such Justices, and the Names of the Justices who shall be present at such Session; and the Solicitor of the Treasury is hereby required, on Receipt of such Certificate, forthwith to proceed by all such legal Ways and Means as shall be most effectual and expeditious, to compel such Justices to pay due Obedience to this Act, and to cause the said Money to be raised, collected, and paid.

CLXIX. And be it furth er enacted, That if the said Sum of ten Pounds per Man, to be raised and paid in any such County, Riding, or Place as aforesaid, shall not be levied, collected, and paid into the Exchequer in Manner herein-before directed, the Solicitor of the Treasury is hereby required forthwith, upon Knowledge or Information thereof, to proceed, by all such legal Ways and Means as shall be most effectual and expeditious, to compel the levying and collecting of such Money and the Payment thereof into the Exchequer as aforesaid.

CLXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace shall refuse or wilfully neglect to receive, deliver, file, make, record, or transmit any such Certificates as aforesaid, according to the Directions and true Meaning of this Act, every such Clerk of the Peace so offending, shall, for every such Offence* forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and shall also forfeit his Office and be rendered incapable of having, receiving, or holding any Office of Trust, Civil or Military, under the Crown; and if any Receiver General, Treasurer, Chief Constable, Petty Constable, or other Officer who ought to act and assist in the raising and collecting of the said Money, shall wilfully omit or neglect or refuse to act or assist therein, according to the Direction and true Meaning of this Act, every such Receiver General or Treasurer so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds; and every such Chief Constable so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds; and every such Petty Constable and other Officer so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds; and the Solicitor of the Treasury shall, and he is hereby required, with all due Diligence, to prosecute with Effect all such Justices of the Peace, Receivers General, Treasurers, and other Officers, who shall omit, neglect, or refuse to perform the Duty required of them respectively by this Act, touching the raising, collecting, and paying of the said Money; and in case the Solicitor of the Treasury shall wilfully omit or delay to proceed against any such Justices of the Peace, Receivers General, Treasurers, or other Officers aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

CLXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions of an Act, passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the rendering Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Office, and for indemnifying Constables and others acting in Obedience to their Warrants, shall extend to all his Majesty's Lieutenants, and to all Deputy Lieutenants acting in the Execution of

this

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 90.

this Act, in like Manner and as fully and effectually as the same 'extend to Justices of the Peace acting in the Execution of their Office.

CLXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Acceptance of a Commission in the Militia shall not vacate the Seat of any Member returned to serve in Parliament; and that no Person being an Officer of the Militia shall be compelled to serve the Office of Sheriff.

CLXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or private Man of the Militia, shall be liable to any Penalty or Punishment for or on account of his Absence during the Time he shall be going to vote at any Election of a Member to serve in Parliament, or during the Time he shall be returning from such Election.

CLXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer of the Militia, nor any private Man, from the Time of his Enrolment until he shall be regularly discharged from the Militia, shall be compelled to serve as a Peace Officer or Parish Officer, or to perform any Highway Duty, commonly called Statute Work.

CLXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Person haring served in the Militia when drawn out into actual Service, being a married Man, may set up and exercise any Trade in any Town or Place within Great Lritain, without any Let, Suit, or Molestation of or from any Person or Persons whomsoever, for or by Reason of using or exercising such Trade, as freely and with the same Provisions, and under the same Regulations, and with the like Exception in respect to the two Universities, as any Mariner or Soldier can or may do by virtue of an Act, passed in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable such Officers y Mariners, and Soldierly as have been in the Land or Sea Service9 or in the Marines, or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencille Men, since the second Tear of his tirefent Majesty's Reign, to exercise Trades; and no such Militia Man shall be liable to be removed out of any such Town or Place, until he is become chargeable to the Parish.

CLXXVI. And be it farther enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, which shall exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or the Courts of Great Session in the Principality of Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham (as the Case shall require); wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and that all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, which shall not exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall, on Proof upon Oath of the Offence before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Person whole Goods and Chattels shall have been {b distrained and fold; and for Want of sufficient Distress, such Justice is hereby required, in all Cases where no particular Time of Commitment is herein-before directed, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, for any Time not exceeding three Months; and the Money arising by all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not otherwise particularly directed by this Act, shall be paid to the Clerk, or (where there are no Clerks) to the Commanding Officers of the respective Regiments, Battalions, or other Bodies of Militia, of the respective. Counties, Ridings, or Places where such Offences shall have been respectively committed, and (halt be made Part of the public k Stock of such Regiments, Battalions, or other Bodies of Militia respectively.

CLXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Order of Conviction made by any Lieutenant of any County, Riding, or Place, or by any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or by any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any one Justice of the Peace, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of this Act, shall be removed by Certiorari out of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, or Place wherein such Order or Conviction shall have been made, into any Court whatsoever; and that no Writ of Certiorari shall supersede Execution or other Proceedings upon any such Order or Conviction so made in pursuance of this Act; but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had and made thereupon; any such Writ or Writs, or Allowances thereof notwithstanding.

CLXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Months next afta- the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County, Riding, or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in oilier Cases to recover Costs by Law.

481

Officers

Parliament;

Sheriffs.

Men may be ah. sent at Elcctions of Membeis.

Serjeants, or Men, not liable to feive as Peace Ofiicors.

Married Militia Men may exercise Trades io Great Britain, at Soldiers under 24 Geo. 3. c. 6.

Recovery and Application of Penalties where not otherwise diretfed.

No Order remove.! Me>y Certiorari.

Limitation of Action*, six Months. Venuo.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

41 Gt*. in.

S<L

SCHEDULES

A.D. 1802.

C. 90. 42° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refer.

To

Schedule A.

TAKE Notice that you are hereby required within fourteen Days from the Date hereof, to prepare or pro* duce a List in Writing, to the best of your Belief, of the Christian and Surname of each and every Man resident in your Dwelling House between the Ages of eighteen and forty-five, distinguishing every Person in your Dwelling House of such Age as aforesaid, claiming to be exempt from serving in the Militia, together with the Ground of every such Claim of Exemption; and you are to sign such Lift with your own Name, and to deliver, or cause the feme to be delivered to me.

Dated the Day of

A.B. Constable of

Descriptions. Names of Persons liable to serve. Names of Persons exempt. Ground of Exemption.

Housekeeper. Lodger. C.D. E. F. G. A.B. 60 Years of Age.

_____ pTr. Seaman.

Servants. I. K. V. S. Free of Company of Watermen.

L. M. N. 0., T.R. Serving by Substitute.

N. B* If a House is divided in distinct Stories or Apartments, occupied diflindly, each diilind Occupier is required to make this Return.

Negted of Compliance with this Notice will subject the Party to the Penalty of ten Pounds.

TAKE Notice, that the Day of at at the Hour of

in the noon is appointed for hearing Appeals within this Subdivision, by Persons claiming to

be exempt from serving in the Militia.

A.B. Constable of

PARISH of

Schedule B.

MILITIA LIST, made pursuant to the Directions of an Act passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign

of King George the Third.

Names Returned. Rank or Occupations. Infirmity, if any, likel] to incapacitate from serving. Ground of Exemption! I claimed. 1

Names of those not returned, or common Appellations. Rank or Occupation, if known. Infirmity, if known. Ground of Exemption, if known.

NOTICE is hereby given, that the Day of at the Hour of in the

noon, at is appointed for hearing Appeals; and that all Persons who think themselves

aggrieved may then appeal, and that no Appeal will afterwards be received.

A.B. Constable of

Schedule C.

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 90.

Schedule C.

SUBDIVISION of in the County of

CERTIFICATE of Number of Men, distinguishing the Number liable, and the Number exempt; Dated the Day of

Parishes, Tythings, or Places. Number of Men liable to serve. Number of Men exempt. Total in each Parish.

A.B. C. D.

Totals -

A.B. Clerk of Subdivision.

Schedule D.

RETURN of Men between the Age of eighteen and forty-live, in the County of Dated the Day of

Subdivisions. Number of Men liable to serve. Number of Men exempt. Total in each Sub-division.

Totals 1 1

A.B. Clerk of General Meetings.

Schedule E.

SUBDIVISION of in the County of

RETURN of Inrolment, dated the Day of

Parishes.^ ! NAMES OF MEN. Date of Inrolment. Ages. CLASSES.

Principal. Substitutes. Volunteers. ill. 2d. 3d- 4th. Lall.j 1

Islington. C.D. Sam' Jones Tho' Smith Edw-Jones Tho' Gray Ap1 21 22 23 30 1 1 X X X X X j I*

Totals serving. 1

Signed A.B. Clerk to Subdivision Meeting.

3 Q_2 Schedule F.

A.D. 1802.

Schedule F.

RETURN of Company in the of the Militia of the County of

dated the Day of

Hundreds. Parishes. NAMES OF MEN SERVING. Ages. CLASSES.

or Divi lions. Principals. Substitutes. Volunteers. I ft. 2d. 3d- 4th. Last.

H. M. Islington. H. Sam. Jones. Tho. Grey. Tho. Smith. 32 24 2 6 X X X X X

Totals.

Signed A.B. Captain of Company.

Schedule G.

RETURN of Private Militia serving for the County of Dated the Day of

Description of Men. No. of each. Years of Service unexpired. No. of Men in each Oafs.

1. 2. 3- 4- 5- 1 ft. 2d. 3d* 4th. Last.

Principals Substitutes Volunteers

Totals. I, -

A\ B. Clerk to the General Meetings*. N.B. If the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place is divided into more than one Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, a separate Return is to be made for each, and the Description of the Regiment, See. put at the Top of the Return.

His Majesty shall appoint Lieutenants of Counties, who shall callout Militia yearly, and may appoint Deputy Lieutenants and Officers, \vh; fe Names shall be certified to his Majesty, for his Approbation.

Rank of Officers.

CAP. XCI.

An Act to raise and establish a Militia Force in Scotland.

[26th June 1802.]

WHEREAS a well regulated Militia has been found to be of great Utility, and is of the utmost Im-

V portance to the internal Defence of the Realm: And whereas the establishing of a Militia Force in Scotland, on a permanent Footing, would essentially contribute to the Safety of the United Kingdom; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That his Majesty may and shall from Time to Time constitute and appoint Lieutenants for the Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places herein after mentioned; and the several Lieutenants so appointed shall have full Power and Authority, and are hereby required to call together, arm, array, and cause to be trained and exercised, such Persons, and in such Manner, as is herein after directed, once in every Year; and the said Lieutenants severally shall from Time to Time constitute and appoint such Persons as they shall think fit, being qualified as herein -after is directed, and living within their respective Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, to be their Deputy Lieutenants (the Names of such Persons having been tirfl presented to and approved by his Majesty); and the said Lieutenants shall, in Manner herein after mentioned, also appoint a proper Number of Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors, and other Officers, qualified as herein after directed, to train, discipliiie, and command the Persons so to be armed and arrayed according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein after mentioned, and shall certify to his Majesty the Names and Ranks of all such Officers so to be appointed; and in case his Majesty shall, within fourteen Days after such Certificate shall have been laid before hirr, signify his Disapprobation of any of the Persons so to be appointed, it shall not be lawful for the said Lieutenants to grant a Commission to any Person so disapproved, but Commissions shall be granted to all such Persons who shall not be disapproved by his Majesty; and the Officers so appointed for the Militia, to be armed and arrayed as herein after directed, shalljrank with the Officers of such of his Majesty's Regular Forces as youngest of their Rank.

7 II. Pro-

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Expiration of the several Acts heretofore passed, relative to a Militia Force in Scotland, shall not assessc any Commission of Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenant already granted under or by virtue or relative to the said Acts, or any or either of them; but that all such Persons to whom any such Commission shall have been granted, shall and may act in the Execution of this Act, in like Manner as they might have acted in the Execution of the said former Acts, or any or either of them. u Three Deputy Lieutenants may be authorized to S&, in case of Absence, See. of the Lieutenant. $ 3." [See $ 3- of '-9°-]

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Commission of any Deputy Lieutenant, nor any Commission of any Officer in the M litia to be henceforth granted by any Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, shall be vacated by reason of the Revocation, Expiration, or Discontinuance of the commission by which any such Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid was or were appointed.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Persons to be appointed Deputy Lieutenants or Officers of the Militia in pursuance of this Act, (except within the City of Edinburgh and its Liberties, ) shall be qualihed as follows; (that is to say, ) Every Person so to be appointed a Deputy Lieutenant shall be seised or possessed of an Estate in Property, either in his own Right or in Right of his Wife, of four hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent in Scotland, or shall be Heir Apparent of some rerson who shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of four hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent; and every Person so to be appointed a Colonel shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of eight hundred Pounds Sects of valued Rent, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be feiftd or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of eight hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent; and every Person so to be appointed a Lieutenant Colonel, shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of six hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or shall be He*ir Apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of six hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent; and every Person so to be appointed a Major or a Captain, shall iu like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of four hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of four hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or shall be a younger Son of some Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of four hundred Pounds Scots of valued rent; and every Person so to be appointed a Lieutenant shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of one hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or shall be possessed of a personal Estate alone, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of one thousand Pounds Sterling, or mail be Son of some Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of one hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or who shall be, or who at the Time of his Death was possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of one thousand Pounds Sterling; and that every Person so to be appointed an Enlign shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of fifty Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or shall be possessed of a personal Estate alone, or seised or possessed of Real and Perforlal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of five hundred Pounds Sterling, or shall be Son of some Person who shall be or at the Time of his Death was in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of one hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or who shall be or who at the Time of his Death was possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of five hundred Pounds Sterling; of which said Estates, required as Qualifications for Deputy Lieutenants, Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors, and Captains respectively, one Moiety shall be situate or arinng within the respective Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places in which they shall be appointed to serve, or within the Counties, Stewartries. Cities, or Places joined together, as hertin-after mentioned, to form the Regiment or Battalion to which they shall belong.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where it shall appear necessary to any Lieutenant that a Deputy Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenant: , should be resident in any Royal Borough, within the County or Stew-a'-try of which he is Lieutenant, it shall be lawful for such Lieutenant, with the Approbation of Ins Majesty, to appoint the Provost of the Borough for the Time being, or any three Persons resident in Inch Borough, who shall be seised or possessed of a Real Estate in Houses or other Property within such Borough and Liberties thereof of the yearly Value of one hundred Pounds Sterling, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seised or possessed of a Real ami Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of two thousand Pounds Sterling, to be Deputy Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants of the Subdivision within which such Bo-lough is situated.

VII. And be it further enacted, That within the City and County of Edinburgh and Liberties thereof, the Lieutenant of the said City, or where there is no Lieutenant appointed, then the Chief Magistrate thereof shall appoint the Deputy Lieutenants wit! in the said City, and shall nlfo appoint Officers of the Militia, whose Number and Rank shall be propovtLm.Me to the Number of Militia Men which the said City shall raise, as its Quota towards the Militia of tnv County to which the said City is united for the Purposes aforesaid; and all rowers and Provisions made by this Acct, with resprft to the Counties at large, and the Militia thereof, and the Registering herein after ch.v&ed of the Qualification of Deputy Lieutenants and Offceis, shall take place and be in force, with rtfp_a to the said City and its Liberties, and the Milit a thereof, and the Registering of the said Qualifications,; .id the Value of the respective Qualificntior.s of the Deputy Lieu-Uuoi.ts and Officers of the Militia of such City and its Liberties, shall be as fifties; L'.ery Deputy Lieutenant

4^5

Commission of Lieutenant or

Deputy a?re; dy granted, shall le-main In force.

Commissions shall not le vacated by Removal, &c. of the Lieutenant. Qualifications ol Deputy Lieutenant* snd Officer* (except for Ec.inbuiyh City); viz. Deputy Lieutenants 40CI. Scuts per aim. See.

Colonels Socl. S<c.

Lieutenant Colonels, 600l. &c.

Majors and Captains, 400J. &c.

Lieutenants, tool. &r.

Enfin?, 50l. &c.

Qualificnionj-where fuuaie.

TV Lh uirnant,

with the King' Appivio.uon, irn\ the

Piown «.f any Royal Run h, &c. to be Deputy of the Suh-division in which it n situate.

F relations re-f, Vtitx the City aed County of the Cay ot Ldim ur^n.

Qullirations: Lhputy Licutc*

486 C. 9l.

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

runt, 100l. Ster- tenant shall be seised or pofftfled of a Real Estate, in Houses or other Property' within the said City and Li-liogper Ann.Jtc, berties thereof, of the yearly Value of one hundred Pounds Sterling, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of two thousand Pounds Sterling; and every Lieutenant Colonel shall respectively be in like Manner seised or possessed of a like real Estate in Houses or Property within the said City, of the yearly Value of two hundred Pounds Sterling, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of four thousand Pounds Sterling; and the Qualification of a Major or Capta n shall be a like Real Estate in Houses or Property within the said City of tKc yearly Value of one hundred Pounds Sterling, or Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of two thousand Pounds Sterling; and the Qualification of a Lieutenant shall be a like Real Estate in Houses or other Property within the said City, of the yearly Value of fifty Pounds Sterling, or Personal Estate alone to Ensign, 25l. kc. the Amount or Value of one thousand Pounds Sterling; and the Qualification of an Ensign shall be a like Real Estate in Houses or other Property within the said City, of the yearly Value of twenty-five Pounds Sterling, or Personal Estate alone to the Amount or Value of five hundred Pounds Sterling: Saving always, and reserving to the Royal College of Surgeons in Edinburgh, all Rights, Immunities, Privileges, and Exemptions, of which the said College may have been, and still are, in the lawful Possession, and the Benefit of any Act or Acts of Parliament passed heretofore in their Favour.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall hereafter be appointed to be a Deputy Lieutenant of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place, or be appointed to a higher Rank in the Militia than that of Lieutenant, until he shall have delivered in to the Clerk to the Commissioners of Supply of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place for which he shall be appointed, or (in the Absence of the Clerk of Supply) to his Deputy, a specifick Description in Writing, signed by hiinftlf, of his Qualification, dating the Parish or Parishes in which the Estate or Estates which form his Qualification is or are situate; and the Clerk of Supply, or his Deputy, shall transmit to the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, a Copy of such Description; and no Commission granted after the passing of this Act for a higher Rank in the Militia than that ot Lieutenant shall be valid, unless it be declared in the Commission that the Officer to whom the Commission is given hath delivered in his Qualification as abo*e directed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of Supply of every County, Stewartry, City, and Place,

shall, and he is hereby required to enter the Qualifications transmitted to him according to the Directions of this Act, upon a Roll to be provided and kept for that Purpose, and to cause to be inserted in the London Gazette the Dates of the Commissions, and Names and Rank of the Officers, together with the Names of the Officers in whose room they are appointed, in like Manner as Commissions in the Army are published from the War Office; and he is hereby authorized to charge the Expence of such Insertion in the Gazette for each Commission to the Collector of the Land Tax of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, who is hereby directed to pay the same; and the said Clerk of Supply or his Deputy shall, in the Month of January in every Year, transmit to one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State a complete Account of the Qualifications so left with him, and the Secretary of State receiving such Accounts shall cause Copies thereof tobe annually laid before both Houses of Parliament; and every Deputy Lieutenant and Commissioned Officer, not having already taken and subscribed the Oaths, and made, repeated, and subscribed the Declaration, as required by this Act, shall, at some General Quarter Session of the Peace, or in the Court of Session, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, within six Months after he shall have accepted his Commission, take the Oaths appointed to be taken by an Act, passed in the first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, an Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants, ardfor extinguish'ing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his

[6 Geo. 3. C. 53.] open and secret Abettors; and also by an Act, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

within fix intituled, An Act for altering the Oath of Abjuration and the Assurance, and for amending so much of an Act of the

seventh Tear of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of the Union of the two Kingdoms j as after the Time therein limited requires the Delivery of certain Lifts and Copies therein mentioned to Persons indidedof High Treason or Misprision of Treason; and shall also make, repeat, and subscribe the Declaration in the said Act of the first Year or King George the First, directed to be made, repeated, and subscribed by all Officers, Civil and Military.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby directed to be executed by Deputy Lieutenants, Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, or Majors, not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such specifick Description of his Qualification as is herein-before required, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds; and if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby directed to be executed by Captains, not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such specifick Description of his Qualification as is herein-before required, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Use of the Person who shall sue for the fame; and in every Action, Suit, or Complaint brought against any Person for acting as Deputy Lieutenant, Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, or Captain, not being qualified as herein-before directed, the Proof of his Qualification shall lie upon the Person against whom the Tame is brought: Provided

Peers and their always, that nothing in this Act contained shall restrain or prevent any Peer of this Realm, or Heir Appa-Heirs Apparent, rent of any such Peer, from being appointed or acting as a Deputy Lieutenant, or a Commissioned Officer in the Militia, within the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, or Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places contributing to form one such Battalion of Militia as herein after directed, wherein such Peer, or Heir Apparent of such Peer, shall have some Place of Residence, although he may not have the Qualification herein-before required

Lieutenant Colonel, 200l. Sec.

Major or Captain, tool. Sec.

Lieutenant, 50I, &c.

Saving for College ol Surgeons.

No Deputy Lieutenant, or Officer ftiperior to a Subaltern, shall be appointed till his Qualification be delivered to Clerk of Supply, and transmitted to County Lieutenant.

Clerks of Supply shall euroll Qualification?, and insert in the London Gazette Dates of Corn-mi flions, Sec. and annually transmit to the Secretary of State Account of Qualifications to be laid before Parliament. Deputy Lieutenants and Officers shall take the Oaths, Sec. under 1 Geo. i. if. 2. c. 13. and

Months after Appointment.

Penalties on Persons acting who are unqualified, Sec. Deputy Lieutenants, 200l. Sec. Captains tool.

Exception of

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 91. 487

as herein specifi-ed.

[Total 7950-]

quired ? or to oblige any Peer of this Realm, or Heir Apparent of such Peer, who shall be appointed a Deputy Lieutenant or Commissioned Officer as aforesaid, to leave with the Clerk of Supply for the County, Stewartry. City, or Place for which he shall be appointed, any Qualification in Writing as aforesaid.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Officer in the Militia, duly qualified a* afore- Officers hereaf-said, who, in consequence of the Augmentation of the Militia Forces herein after provided, may hereafter be ter promoted to promoted to the Commission of Major, and may, by any subsequent Reduction of that Augmentation, no the Rank ut'Ma-longer retain such Commission, shall and may continue to rank in the general Militia Service, according to the ior.on Ay«m<; n-Date of his Commission or Appointment in the Militia so vacated as aforesaid: Provided, that nothing herein |fa'and after*1" contained shall extend to give any such Major any regimental Rank* wards reduced,

shall bold their Rank in the general Militia Smice.

u How Lis Majesty may displace Deputy Lieutenants or Officers. $ 12. [&/ $ 17 of Cap. 90.] Appointment " of Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings, §13- [ See §18. of Cap. 90.]99

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Number of private Men (exclusive of Serjeants, Corporals* and Numbers of pri-Drummers) to be raised by virtue of this Act shall be as follows; videlicetf) For the County of Edinburgh three v, te Men <0 be hundred and thirty-three; for the City of Edinburgh three hundred and ten; for the County of Linlithgow ninety-four; for the County of Haddington one hundred and fifty-four; for the County of Berwick one hundred and fifty-five; for the County of Peebles forty-five; for the County of Selkirk twenty-five; for the County of Roxburgh one hundred and seventy-eight; ftfr the Stewartry of Kircudbright one hundred and fifty-one; for the County of IVtgton one hundred and nineteen; for the County of Ayr four hundred and thirty-six; for the County of Renfrew four hundred and four 5 for the County of Lanark seven hundred and fifty-one 5 for the County of Stirhng two hundred and sixty-three 5 for the County of Kinross thirty-five; for the County of Fife four hundred and eighty-four; for the County of Dunbarton one hundred and seven; for the County of Bute sixty-onc; for the County of Argyle three hundred and sixty-four; for the County of Inverness three hundred and eighty-four; for the County of Perth six hundred and fifty-three; for the County of Forfar five hundred and eleven; for the County of Kincardine one hundred and thirty-six; for the County of Aberdeen six hundred and forty; for the County of Banff one hundred and seventy-nine; for the County of Elgin one hundred and thirty-eight; for the County of Nairn forty-three; for the County of Cromarty sixteen; for the County of Ross two hundred and seventy; for the County of Sutherland one hundred; for the County of Caithness one hundred and twenty-one> for the County of Dumfries two hundred and eighty-four; for the County of Clackmannan fifty-six.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Numbers of private Militia Men, herein-before appointed to serve for the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places aforesaid, shall continue to be and remain the respective Quotas of the several and respective Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places aforesaid, until the twenty-fifth Day of ffune, One thousand eight hundred and five, and from thence until other Quotas shall be settled, ascertained, and appointed by his Majesty's Privy Council, in Manner herein after directed; and the several and respective Quotas that shall, at or after the Expiration of the said first mentioned Period, and aMo from Time be appomi to Time at or after the Expiration of every successive ten Years after such Period, be settled, ascertained, and P|i*Council appointed by his Majesty's Privy Council under the Provisions of this Act, shall, from the Appointment thereof, " continue to be and remain the respective Quotas of the several and respective Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places aforesaid, after which any such subsequent Quotas shall have been appointed, until other Quotas shall be settled, ascertained, and appointed under this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That General Meetings of the Lieutenancy of every County, Stewartry,

City, and Place, shall be holden in some principal Town of every such County, Stewartry, City, and Place, and such General Meetings shall consist of the Lieutenant, together with two Deputy Lieutenants at the least, or on the Death or Removal or in the Absence of the Lieutenant, then of three Deputy Lieutenants at the lead, of every County, Stewartry, City, and Place respectively; and one such General Meeting shall be holden within every County, Stewartry, City, and Place annually, upon the lad Tueflay which shall happen before the first Day of August in every Year; and the Lieutenant, together with any two Deputy Lieutenants, or (on the Death or Removal or in the Absence of the LieutenantJ any three Deputy Lieutenants of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place, when and as often as they shall find necessary for carrying the Purposes of this Act duly and fully into Execution, may summon, or cause to be summoned, other General Meetings of the Lieutenancy, on any Days to be fixed by such Summons, of which Days, and the Places of holding fuclv Meeting* respectively. Notice shall be given in any Weekly or other New (paper usually circulated in such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, fourteen Days at the lead before the Days appointed for holding such Meetings respectively; and the Lieutenant with any two Deputy Lieutenants, or (upon the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of the Lieutenant! any three Deputy Lieutenants of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place, are hereby authorized to charge the Expence of such Notices to the Collector of the Land Tax of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, who is hereby authorized to pay the same; and in case any annual or other General Meeting shall not be attended by the Lieutenant and two Deputy Licutentants, or by three Deputy Lieutenants, as herein-before required, the Lieutenant, or any one Deputy Lieutenant, who shall attend at such Meeting, shall and may adjourn the same to any other Time and to any Place within such County,

Stewartry, City, or Place; and in case no Deputy Lieutenant shall attend at the Time and Place appointed for the next Meeting, then the Clerk of the General Meetings, or his Deputy, shall adjourn such Meeting to any other Time to be holden at the same Place

Subdivision Meetings shall consist of two Deputy Lieutenants, or one Deputy and a Justice of the Peace, §17.

14 Clerk shall give Notice of Subdivision Meetings, and transmit Lists of Men enrolled, §18. When two Dc«

41 puty Lieutenants, &c*. do not attend, Clerk shall summon another Meeting, §19." [.S're §§ 22, 23, & 24,

of c. 90. J

Suck Numbers shall continue the Quotas until June 2; , 1805, and afterward* the Numbers appoint-

*v0

Rcgu'ati ns for bolding Gereiaf Meetings of Lieutenancy.

488 C«9r. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

Ccrrra! Mcct-iiv> ilvii! nn.u-

a, Jy

Sul i!|\ j': ull Ffcel; nii«, air »et; kiire the Sch tobrullers or chiei ConHa-L!t*H to order Returns to be made to the Subdivision Meetings of Min between 18 and 45,

School miners, bee. shall give Notice in the Form in Schedule (A) to Houit-keepers, &c. to produce LiiH of Men between tSand

45-

Penalty of 5l. for not duly making and delivering Lifts.

At Subdivision Meeting*

School matters, See. shall verify Lifts on Oath, Lift s may be amended, fecund Meetings appointed, (See^$ 5.) and Certificates in Form of Schedule C. returned to the Clerk of the General Meetings.

Two Justices may appoint Deputies to Quakers being Constables for carrying this Act into Execution.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants, or the Deputy Lieute* nants, at every annual or some other General Meeting to be holden as herein-before directed, shall appoint the first Meeting of the Deputy Lieutenants for the frveral Subdivisions of their respective Counties, Stew* artrios, Cities, and Places, which fa: d first Meetings shall be appointed to be held as early after the first Day of in every Year as conveniently may be, or at such other Time as may be moll expedient for carrying the Purposes of this Act fully and duly into Execution; and the said Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenant, or the said Deputy Lieutenants, may, if they judge needful, appoint the Time and Place for a second General Meeting, and shall issue out their Orders to the Schoolmaster of each Parish, or to the Chief Constable, and where there is no Chief Constable, to some other Officer of the several Districts, Parishes, or other Divisions within their respective Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, requiring every such Schoolmaster, Chief Con liable, or other Officer as aforesaid, to issue an Order under his. Hand to all Constables or other Officers of every Parish or Place within their respective Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places, to return to the Deputy Lieutenants within their respective Subdivisions, at the Places and on the Days appointed at the first General Meeting in every Year, fair and true Lifts in Writing, in Manner by this Act directed, of the Names of all the Men usually and at that Time dwelling within the respective Parishes and Places for which they shall respectively act under the Provisions and in the Execution of this Act, 'between the Ages of eighteen and forty-five Years.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the several Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Officers and Ptr-fons required to return Lists of Persons fit and liable to serve in the Militia, shall, within fourteen Days after any such Returns shall Re required, give or leave Notice in Writing, in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A) to or for every Occupier of every Dwelling House where any Person shall reside within the Limits of the Places for which they act as such Schoolmasters, Constables, or other Officers as aforesaid, in the Execution of this Act, or auy of the Provisions thereof, at his or her Dwelling House, or where such Dwelling House shall be divided into different Stories or Apartments, and occupied distinctly by several Persons, then to or for the Occupier of each distinct Story or Apartment, to prepare or produce, within fourteen Days next ensuing the Day of giving such Notice, a List in Writing, to the belt of his or her Belief, of the Christian and Surname of each and every Man resident in such Dwelling TIoiuV, or distinct Story or Apartment, between the Ages of eighteen and forty-five, distinguishing every Person ia such Dwelling House, or distinct Story or Apartment, of such Age as aforesaid, claiming to be exempt from serving in the Militia, together with the Ground of every such Claim of Exemption; and every such Notice shall mention the Day, Time, and Place apointed for hearing Appeals within such Subdivision, by Persons claiming to be exempt from serving in the Militia; and every such Occupier shall, after such Notice so given or left, make out such Lift, and sign the same with his or her own Name, and shall deliver the fame, or cause the same to be delivered, to such Schoolmaster, Constable, or other Officer or Person as aforesaid; and if any Occupier shall neglect or refuse to make out, sign, and deliver such Lift as aforesaid, within the Time before limited, or shall omit any Person who ought to have -been included therein in pursuance of this Act, or knowingly make any faife Return of any Particular required therein, every such Occupier shall, for# every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds.

11 Quakers shall produce Certificates [and fee §28. 46.], and Schoolmasters, &c. shall then make Returns, §22. " Schoolmasters, Constables, or other Officers, shall make out yearly Lifts, in Form in Schedule (B), of the " Names of Men between 18 and 45, &c. and affix a Copy on the Church Door, with Notice of the Meet*

" ing for Appeals, and return another Copy to the Deputy Lieutenants, §23. Appeal to the Subdivision Meet-" ings whose Determination shall be final, §24." [See §27, 28, 29. of cap. 90.]

XXV. And be it further enacted, That on the Days and at the Places so respectively appointed as aforesaid for the Returns of the Lifts, the School-masters, Constables, or other Officers respectively shall attend, and verify the said Returns upon Oath; and the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them assembled in their respective Subdivisions, shall, after hearing any Appeals or Claims of Exemption, directfuch Lifts to be amended as the Case shall require; and shall also direct the Names of all Persons by this Act respectively exempted from serving in the Militia to he struck out, and the Names of any Persons that shall have been omitted to be inserted; and after amending the said Lifts according to this Act, shall appoint the Times and Places for their second Meetings within their respective Subdivisions, and shall return to the Clerk of the General Meetings, for the Use of the said General Meetings, Certificates under their Elands, in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (C), of the Number of Men in each Parish or Place, between the Ages of eighteen and forty-five Years, distinguishing the Numbers of Men liable to serve, and also the Number of Men exempt from serving in each Parish or Place within the Subdivisions, and the same shall be kept by the Clerk for the Use of the General Meetings.

" Penalty of 50l. for endeavouring to prevail on Schoolmasters, &c. to make faife Returns, and of iol. on Persons refuting to tell their Names, &c. §26. §31. of c. 90.] Deputy Lieutenants may order At-

tendance of the Constable or other Officer of any Parish, &c. Penalty on their neglecting to appear, or to " return Lifts, or being guilty of Fraud, Partiality, or Neglect, Imprisonment and Fine, §27. [as under § $2* of «< Cap. 90.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Chief or other Constable shall be of the People called Quakers (and certified to be so by two Persons of the People called Quakers)^ and shall neglect or refuse to perform the Duties required by this Act, it shall be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace, acting for the Division within which such Quaker shall be such Officer as aforesaid, and they are hereby required* in all Cases where the Circumstances of the Case shall in their Judgment render it expedient and necessary for the

489

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 91.

the due Execution of the Provisions of this Act, by their Order under their Hands, to appoint a fit and proper Person to be Deputy to such Quaker for the Purpose only of carrying this Act'into Execution; and every Person so appointed Deputy as aforesaid shall have and exercise all the Powers, Authorities, and Jurisdiction given by this Act to such Officer for whom he shall so act, and shall do and perforin all the like Du* ties and Offices under the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as are hereby imposed for Neglect of Duty of any such Officer as aforesaid, in like Manner in every' respect as the Person for whom he shall so act; and where an Appointment of any Deputy shall be so made, the principal Chief Constable (being one of the People called Quakers) shall be and he is hereby discharged from the Performance of any Duty required by him by this Act, and from all Penalties inclin ed for Neglect thereof after the Time of such Appointment.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants, at their Subdivision Meetings, to add together, whenever they shall think it necessary, any two or more Parishes or Places for the Purposes of this Act; and also to add together the Lills of such Parishes and Places aforesaid, so as to make the Choice of Militia Men, by Ballot, within every such Subdivision, as equal and impartial a9 possible; and where any Parishes and Places so added together shall lie in different Districts or Divisions within the same County, Stewartry, City, or Place, to dire<5 in what Dillridl or Division the same shall be considered for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall proceed upon the Lifts so added together in like Manner as if they had been originally returned from one Parish as aforesaid; and the Schoolmasters, Constables, or other Officers of Parishes and Places so added together, shall act together in the Execution of this Act a3 if they were respectively Officers of one and the same Parish or Place; and all such Schoolmasters, Constables, and Officers, so as aforesaid acting together by virtue of this Act, fhalPhold their Meetings under this Act in the Parish or Place which shall be named first in such Order of Deputy Lieutenants; and if any Difference or Difagrcement shall arise between the Officers of any Parish or Place, or between the Officers of different Parishes or Places, touching the Execution of this Act, the Deputy Lieutenants acting in and for the Subdivision where such Difference or Disagreement shall happen, shall at any Subdivision Meeting, and they are hereby authorized to hear and determine the fame, and make such Order therein for the better Execution of this Act as to them shall seem meet, and such Orders shall be final and conclusive.

w Clerks of Subdivision Meetings shall transmit to the General Meetings, Copies of Rolls, &c. Penalty 20l. " §30." c&r $ 36 of '* 90.]

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks to the General Meetings of Lieutenancy in the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places required to rnife Militia under this Act, shall, and they are hereby required to transmit to his Majesty's Privy Council annually, as soon after the Returns in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (D.), of Men shall have been made to the General Meetings as the same can be done, accurate Returns of the Number of Persons between the Ages of eighteen and forty-live, distinguishing the Numbc* fit and liable to serve in the Militia for the Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places to which they respectively belong, and also the Number therein exempt from serving; and if any such Clerk shall omit or neglect to make such Return to the Privy Council within one Month after the General Meeting of Lieutenancy of the County, Stewartry', City, or Place to which he shall belong, at which the Returns of Men shall have been laid before such Meeting, or shall knowingly or wilfully make any false Retum, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

' Privy Council, by June 25, i8oy, [&r ante, §15.] and afterwards every ten Years, shall fix the Quotas for each County, Stewartry, City, and Place, and transmit the Numbers to the County Lieutentants, aim publish

" them in the London Gazette, §32." [6Ye $ 38 of c. 90.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That where the Number of Militia Men so fixed and settled for any County, Stewartry, City, or Place, shall be greater than the former Quota of such Count)', Stewartry, City, or Place, then and in every such Case the Lieutenant for such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, together with any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, and on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of the said Lieutenant, any three or more Deputy Lieutenants shall, at a General Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, appoint what Number of Militia Men shall serve for each respective Parish or other Division within Inch County, Stewartry', City', or Place, and the additional Number of Militia Men to make up the whole Number so fixed and settled as aforesaid shall be provided or chosen in the same Manner as other Militia Men are by this Act to he provided or chosen; and all the additional Men so provided or chosen as aforesaid, or their Substitutes, and also all Volunteers, shall take the Oath by this Act required to be taken, and shall be enrolled, or sign their Content to serve in the Militia in such Manner as is directed by this Act, and in case of Refusal, shall be subject to the same Penalties as in like Cases are inflicted by this Act: Provided always, that where the Number of Militia Men so fixed and settled for any County, Stewartry, City, or Place as aforesaid, shall he ltfs than the former Quota of such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, then and in every such Case the said Lieutenants, together with any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or (on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of the said Lieutenant) any three or more Deputy Lieutenants shall, at a General Meeting to he held for that Purpose, difinifs to their own Homes by Ballot, proportionally out of each respective Parish or other Division, so many Militia Men as shall exceed the Number so fixed and settled as aforesaid; and the several Persons so dismisstd as aforesaid, shall remain liable to ftrve in the Militia, and shall and are hereby required to join any Regiment or Battalion of Militia serving for the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, from the Militia of which they shall have been dismissed, whenever called upon so to do, for the Purpose of supplying Vacancies that may arise in the said Militia; and the Names of all the Persons so dismissed as aforesaid shall be entered in a List.; and the Deputy Lieutenants shall cause the Men necessary for luppiying any' Vacancies that may thereafter arise in the Mditia of such County, Stewartry', Cicy, or Place, to be hallotted for out of the Persons contained in any such Lift as aforesaid, while fit l\rfons can be found to supply such Vacancies, and so from Time to Time as 4.2 Geo. III. 3 R Occassion

Two or more Places and Lifts for them may be added togciher, and the Schoolmasters, ice. shall act together as Officers of the same Parish.

Deputy Lieutenants may determine Differences between Officers.

Clerks to General Meetings shall annually transmit to Pi ivy Council tme Re* turns (fee Sche-du'eD.) of the Number of Persons beween the Ages of 18 and 45: Penally iooi.

Where the Num-ber fixed shall be greater ihan the former Quota, the General Meeting shall appoint what Number shall be chosen for each Division; and wlreie less, shall Hifmifs the Excels by Ballot, proportionally out of each Division.

Men dismissed li.'.blc to fei ve, and a I .ill of their Names m.ide, out of lichV-cane'es shall be bl ed ip curing .be R -mainde; of tlu ii Engagement.

490

Future Vacancies

At the focond

SuUiivision

Meeting ( W^15.) Deputy Lieutenants ih.ill appoint the Number of Men for each Parish, fee and order Notice thereof, and of the next Meeting, at wliii h they shall caulY the Person* to he ballotted for, and appoint anot herMeeting, when Persons chosen by Ballot shall attend and take the following

Oath.

and be enrolled for five Years,

Sub dilutes may be produced, and if approved, shall be enrolled, and take the follow-

Oath.

The Inhabitants of any Place may produce Voluntcei S, who, if approved, {See $ 4)shall he sworn and emcled.

0.91. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

Occasion shall require, so long as any of the Persons contained in any such Lift can be found fit to supply such Vacancies as aforesaid; and every Person so ballotted to supply such Vacancy, who shall not be unfit by rcafoa of Sickness or bodily Inability, shall serve in the Militia of lucn County, Stewartry, City, or Place, upon the Conditions and for the Remainder of the Time for which such Person shall have been engaged to serve in such Militia before he was dismissed as aforesaid; and whenever and as soon as all Persons returned in any such Lift that can be found fit to supply such Vacancies as aforesaid, shall by Ballot have supplied such Vacancies as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Men necessary for supplying such future Vacancies as may arise in such Militia, shall be raised, chosen, and ballotted for in Manner directed by this Act.

" General Meetings may alter Subdivisions, and Allotment of Men in each Parish or other Division, §34., > [5>r §40 of cap. 90.]

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenants assembled at their said second Meeting within any Subdivision as aforesaid, shall appoint what Number of Men shall serve for each Parish and Place within such Subdivision, in Proportion to the Number last appointed, i« the Manner herein-before directed, at a General Meeting, to serve for each Parish or other Division; and shall appoint another Meeting to be hulden within three Weeks from the Day on which such Meeting was holden, within the same Subdivision; and shall issue out an Order to the Chief Constable or other Officers of the respective Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places, and to the Schoolmaster and Constable or other Officer of every Parish or Place within their respective Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places, of the Number of Men so appointed to serve for such Parish or Place, and of the Time and Place of the next Subdivision Meeting; and the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, assembled in pursuance of such Appointments, shall cause the Number of Men appointed to serve as aforesaid to be chosen by Ballot out of the Lift returned for every Parish or Place aforesaid, in Manner following; that is to say, the Names of all the Men contained in such Lift so returned for each Parish or Place, written or printed on distinct Pieces of Paper, being all as nearly as may be of equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, shall be put into a Box or some other Vessel, and shall there be (haken together, and then a Number of Names, equal to the Quota to be furnished by such Parish or Place, shall be drawn out and opened by the Person presiding at the Meeting; and shall in like Manner proceed to ballot for each Parish or Place within their Subdivision; and at the Meeting at which the Militia Men to serve for each Parish or Place within their Subdivision shall have been so ballotted for, the said Deputy Lieutenants shall appoint another Meeting to be holden within three Weeks for the same Subdivision, and (hill issue out an Order to the Chief Constables or other Officers of the respective Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, and to the School-master, Constable, or other Officer, of every Parish or Place, to give Notice to every Man so chosen to serve in the Militia, to appear at such Meeting, which Notice shall be given or left at his Place of Abode at lead fevta Days before such Meeting; and such Schoolmaster, Constable, or other Officer, shall attend such Meeting, and make such Return upon Oath of the Days when such Notice was served; and every Person so chosen by Ballot shall, upon such Notice, appear at such Meeting, and if on Examination found able and fit for the Service, and approved of in Manner herein after directed, shall then and there take the following Oath; (that is to say, )

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear. That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty

*King George; and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia within Great Britain, for the Defence of the same, during the Term of five Years for which I am enrolled, unless I shall be sooner discharged.*

And every such Person shall be then and there enrolled (in a Roll to be then and there prepared for that Purpose) to serve in the Militia of such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, as a private Militia Man, for the Space of five Years.

XXXVI. Provided always, that if any Person so chosen by Ballot shall produce for his Substitute a Man of the same County or Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places, forming a Battalion, as herein after directed, or of some adjoining County, Stewartry, City* or Place, able and fit for Service, and who shall be examined and approved m Manner herein after directed, such Substitute so produced and approved shall be enrolled to serve in the Militia of such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, as a private Militia Man, for the Space of five Years, and also for such further Time as the Militia shall remain embodied, if within the Space of five Years his Majesty shall order and direct the Militia for which such Man is enrolled to be drawn out and embodied, as herein after provided; and such Substitute shall take the following Oath:

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty King George, and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia, within Great Britain, for the Defence of the same, during the Term of five Years, or for such further Time as the Militia shall remain embodied, if within the Space of five Years his Majesty shall order and direct the Militia to be drawn out and embodied, unless I 4 shall be sooner discharged.'.

And any Person so chosen by Ballot, for whom such Substitute shall have been so produced, approved, enrolled, and sworn as aforesaid, shall be exempt from Service in the Militia in the same Manner as if he himself had served, according to the Directions of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if the Inhabitants of any Parish or Place shall provide and pro-, duce to the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, at any Subdivision Meeting for choosing the Militia Men by Ballot, any Volunteer or Volunteers, who shall be examined and approved as is herein after mentioned, such Volunteer or Volunteers so examined and approved, shall be then and there sworn in and enrolled to serve for such Term, and on the same Conditions, as is herein-before provided in case of Substitutes produced by Persons chosen by Ballot; and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall cause only such Number of Persons to be chosen by Ballot out of the Lift returned for such Parish or Place, as shall be then wanted to make up the whole Number to serve for such Parish or Place.

0 XXXVIII. And

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 91.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Peer of this Realm, nor any Person bfeing a Commissioned Officer in his Majesty's other Forces, or in any one of his Majesty's Castles or Forts, nor any Officer on the Half-pay of the Navy, Army, or Marines, nor any Non-commifuoned Officer or private Man serving in any of his Majesty's other Forces, nor any Commissioned Officer serving or who shall have served four Years in the Militia, nor any Person being a Professor of any of the four Universities, nor any licensed Clergyman, nor any Parish Schoolmaster, nor any Teacher licensed within the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, to teach in some separate Congregation, whose Place of Meeting shall have been duly registered within the twelve Months previous to the General Meeting appointed to meet in August for the Purposes of this Act, nor any Constable or other Peace Officer, nor any Apprentice, Seaman, or seafaring Man, nor any Person employed and muttered in his Majesty's Service in any of his Majesty's Forts or Castles, nor any Man who has more than two lawful Children, and who is not pouefled of an Estate in Lands, Goods, or Money of the clear Value of fifty Pounds Sterling, and who shall make Oath that he is not seised or possessed of such Estate, shall be liable to serve personally or provide a Substitute to serve in the Militia; and no Person having served personally, or by Substitute, according to the Directions of this Act, or of any former Act for raising a Militia in Scotland, shall be obliged to serve again until by Rotation it shall come to his Turn; but no Person who has served only as a Substitute or Volunteer in the Militia, shall by such Service be exempted from serving again, if he shall be chosen by Ballot.

u Deputy Lieutenants may amend Lifts, and proceed, when necessary, to a fresh Ballot. One Deputy Lieu-u tenant may administer Oaths, &c. and order Men to be enrolled, §39. Persons chosen (except Quakers) " not appearing, &c. shall forfeit, 10l. or in Default of Payment be compelled to serve, §40. If auy Lifts " be loft, new ones shall be made out, $41. Persons chosen shall serve, though they remove; and having more u than one Residence, shall serve where first inserted in the Lift, §42. Persons shall serve for County or Stewartry where the Parish Church is situated, §43. Persons fraudulently bound Apprentice shall be liable «tQ u serve, and the Matter shall forfeit 10L §44." [See §44 — 49 of c. 90.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person being one of the People called shall be

chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia, and shall refuse or neglect to appear, and to take the Oath and serve In the Militia, or to provide a Substitute of the same County, Stewartry, or Place, or of some adjoining Parish or Place, to be examined and approved as herein after directed, who shall take the said Oath and subscribe his Consent to serve as the Substitute of such Quaker, then and in every such Case any two or more Deputy Lieutenants shall, if they shall think proper, upon as reasonable Terms as may be, provide and hire a fit Person of the same County or Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places, forming a Battalion or Regiment as htrein-after directed, to serve as a Substitute for such Quaker, and such Substitute shall, after being duly examined and approved, take the said Oath, and subscribe his Consentto serve in the Militia for the same Term, and on the same Conditions, as is herein-before directed in the Case of Substitutes produced by Persons chosen by Ballot; and any two or more Deputy Lieutenants may and are hereby authorized, by Warrant under their Hands, to levy, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Effects of such Quaker, such Sum of Money as shall be necessary to defray the Expence of providing and hiring/uch Substitute, rendering to such Quaker the Oven* plus (if any), after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale; and if no Goods or Effects belonging to such Quaker can be found sufficient to levy such Distress, and it shall nevertheless appear satisfactorily to such Deputy Lieutenants that such Quaker is of sufficient Ability to pay the Sum of ten Pounds, then it > shall be lawful for such Deputy Lieutenants to commit such Quaker to the common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainpri/.e fo/ the Space of three Months, or until he shall have paid such Sum of Money a* such Deputy Lieutenants shall have agreed to pay to such Substitute as aforesaid; and in case any Measuresi shall be used in making Distress as aforesaid, which may be by any such Quaker thought oppressive, it shall be lawful for such Quaker to complain to the Deputy Lieutenants at their next Meeting, who are hereby empowered and required to hear and finally determine the same.

XLVI. Provided always, That 110 Man shall be deemed, taken, and accepted to be a Quaker within the Meaning of this Act, unless he shall produce before the Deputy Lieutenants, at some of their oubdivision Meetings, a Certificate under the Hands of two or more reputable Housekeepers, being of the People called $>ua&erjt acknowledging such Man to be one of their Persuasion.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That no Man shall be approved oPenrolled to serve in the Militia under this Act, cither as a ballotted Man, or as a Substitute or Volunteer, until he shall have been carefully examined by some Surgeon of competent Skill, and shall have been declared and reported by such Surgeon to be neither ruptured, lame, maimed, norafflifted with any Disorder that may render him unfit to serve, but to be in every Respect able and fit for Service; and the Deputy Lieutenants assembled at their Subdivision Meetings, or any two Deputy Lieutenants, shall in all Cases, before they proceed to enroll any Man for the Militia, cause such Examination to be carefully made; and it shall be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants, and they are hereby empowered and directed, to require the Attendance of any Surgeon of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of the Militia of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place for which any Man is to be enrolled, or any Surgeon belonging to his Majesty's other Forces, if any such Surgeon is within a reasonable Distance, and can conveniently be had, or otherwise to require the Attendance of any other competent Surgeon, for that Purpose; and a reasonable Allowance, not exceeding ten Shillings, shall be made to the Surgeon performing such Examination, for every Day he shall actually attend for that Purpose, aril shall be paid to him in like Manner as Allowances are by this Act directed to be made and paid to Subdivision Clerks.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear to any two or more Deputy Lieutenants affirm bled at any Subdivision Meeting, that any Person chosen by Ballot toierve in the Militia is not of the full Height of five Feet four Inches, or is not approved upon Examination by a Surgeon according to the

3 R 2 Directions

491

Pei foni exempted.

Substitutes or

Volunteers

liable.

Two Deputy Lieutenants nu: y provide Substitutes for Quakers, and levy the Expectc by Distress, 5cc. or commit the Defaulter*

Appejl to Depute Licutenarl i at next Meeting.

No Person to be dec tncd a Quaker unless he produce a Certificate [amis.* §22.].

No Man (Kail

be enrolled until reported fit for Sei vice by a Surgeon.

Surgeon's A1-. lowaiice.

Two Deputy Lieutenants

may difelunge Per iod I tbolcn

49 2

if unfit for $«r-vict, and others ttuli be cholt a.

Piivate hecom. ing Non-commissioned Officer, he. on Vacancy, another shall be ballotted for, or Volunteer found.

Enrolfre it of Servants shall not vacate their Contrails with their Matters, unless the Militia shall be embodied, he.

Pifputes touching Wages under 20l. may be settled by two J uf-tices, and levied by DittreC^ h c*

Substitutes or Volunteers not appearing to be sworn in, shall return the Bounty, and be liable to Penalty of 409. to 209. or be Committed.

Wow two Deputy Lieutenants or one Justicemay ordet the Money agreed to be given a Sub-ftiturc or Volunteer, to be paid him.

C. 91.

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

Directions of this Act, such Deputy Lieutenants shall, and jut hereby empowered and required to discharg^ such Person, and immediately to amend the Lift for the Place for which such Person shall have been ballotted, and to cause another Person to be chosen in his Stead, by Ballot, according to the Directions of this ACT

" Deputy Lieutenants shall class the Men enrolled, and make out a List (See Schedule E.), a Copy of which " the Subdivision Clerk shall transmit to the Clerk of the General Meetings, to be entered in a Book, §49. " Men becoming unfit may be discharged; but if by the Commandant of the Regiment or Battalion only, Dif-u charge must be confirmed by two Deputy Lieutenants of the County, &c. to which the Regiment or Batta-" lion belongs, <j> 50. Vacancies by Death, &c. shall be filled up by a fresh Ballot, $51. No Ballot on Pri-" vate's being made Non-commissioned Officer in room of one reduced, §52." [See §54 — 57. of cap. 90 J

LIII. And be it further enacted, that where in any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, in which any private Man shall be appointed a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, in consequence of any Vacancy occasioned by the Death or Discharge of any Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer, the Parish or Place for.which such private Militia Man was then serving shall find and provide another Man in his Stead, who shall be ballotted for in the Manner directed by this Act, unless a Volunteer shall be found by such Parish or Place.

" Deputy Lieutenants, on Certificate of Death, Promotion, &c. shall supply Vacancies, §54. How Men " shall be supplied in room of those whose Terms of Service will expire before November 20 in each Year, " § $$" [See §59, 60. of cap. 90.]

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Servant whatever, hired by the Year or otherwise, shall be enrolled as a Militia Man by virtue of this Act, such Enrolment shall not vacate orrefeindthe Contract or alter the Engagement between such Servant and his Matter or Mistress, or Employer or Employers, unless the Militia of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place for which such Servant shall be enrolled, shall be embodied or called out by his Majesty, or ordered so to be in pursuance of this Act, or unless such Person so enrolled shall leave the Service of his Master, Mistress, or Employer or Employers, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, for the Space of twenty-one Days, in pursuance of this Act, and shall not return again to the same Service at the End of such twenty-one Days, or as soon after as reasonably may be, allowing to his Master, Mistress, or Employer or Employers, an Abatement from his Wages in Proportion to the Duration of his Absence from his said Service, to be settled by any two or more Justices of the Peace in the Manner herein after mentioned; and in every such Case, where any Dispute shall arise between such Servant and his Master or Mistress, or Employer or Employers, touching any Sum or Sums of Money due to such Servant for or on account of his Service performed before the Time of his Departure from Service, under the Conditions of the said Enrolment, or by being called out to join the Militia in which he shall have been so enrolled, or touching any Abatement to be made by such Servant by reason of his Absence for the Purpose of bring trained and exercised, it shall and may be lawful, on Complaint made thereof to any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Stewartry, City, or Place where such Master or Mistress, or Employer or Employers shall inhabit, for such Justices to hear and determine every such Complaint, and to examine upon Oath every such Servant, or any other Witness or Witnesses, touching the fame, and to make such Order for the Payment of so much Wages to such Servant in Proportion to the Service he has performed, or such Abatement from his Wages, in Proportion to the Duration of his Absence from his Service as the Case may require, and as to such Justices shall teem just and reasonable, provided the Sum in question do not exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds; and in case of Refusal or Non-payment of any Sums (o ordered to be paid by the Space of twenty-one Days next after such Determination, such Justices may and shall issue forth his Warrant to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Effects of such Master or Mistress, or Employer or Employers, tendering the Overplus to the Owner or Owners, after Payment of the Charges of such Distref3 and Sale.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall receive Money from any other Person to fefve as his Substitute in the Militia, or from any Person or Persons to serve as a Volunteer as aforesaid, and shall neglect to appear at the usual Meeting appointed for swearing in the Militia Men, or before some one Deputy Lieutenant, in order to be sworn according to the Directions of this Act, being convicted thereof before any Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, shall be obliged to return the Money to the Person or Persons from whom he received it, and shall forfeit and pay to such Person or Persons any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than twenty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace before whom he shall be so convicted; and if such Offender shall not immediately return the Money so by him received as aforesaid, and likewise pay the said Penalty, he shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for fourteen Days, or until the said Sum shall be returned.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia, shall have engaged any other Person to serve as his Substitute, or if any Person or Persons shall have engaged any Person to serve as a Volunteer as aforesaid, and the Person so choien by Ballot, or such Person or reifons engaging a Volunteer, shall have agreed to pay to the Person so engaged a certain Sum for such Service, it shall be lawful for two Deputy Lieutenants, or any one Justice of the reace, when the Militia of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, for which such Substitute or Volunteer shall be enrolled shall not be embodied, and they and he are and is hereby required, after such Substitute or Volunteer has been examined by a Surgeon, and approved according to the Directions of this Act, and enrolled by the Deputy Lieutenants in pursuance thereof, to order such Sum of Money as shall appear to them or him to be due to the Substitute or Volunteer so engaged, to be immediately paid to him on such Enrolment, by the Person or Persons by or for whom he shall be engaged to serve as aforesaid; and in every Case where the Militia shall be embodied at the Time of such Enrolment, it shall be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants or Justice to direct any Sum not exceeding one Half Part of the said Sum of Money so engaged to be given as aforesaid, to be paid to him forthwith, or to

be

493

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 9T.

may be enforced as Recovery of Wages in Scot-Jand.

Penalty on Clerk for Xeglclt,

20l.

offering to enlist htmltli, Uc.;

be advanced to such Person, or to such of his Family, and in such Proportions, as he shall reqnefl at the Time of such his Enrolment, and the remaining Part thereof to be paid to and received by the Clerk of the Sub-division Meeting, who shall thereupon forthwith remit the same to the Paymaster or Battalion Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia to which such Substitute or Volunteer shall be sent as a Militia Man, to be retained by him until such Substitute or Volunteer shall have joined such Regiment or Battalion, and been approved at Head Quarters as fit to serve, and then to be paid or accounted for to such Substitute or Payment of Volunteer; and if he shall not, join or be approved of, then such Money shall remain in the Hands of such such Muncy Paymaster, to be afterwards applied in like Manner to the Payment of some other Substitute or Volunteer in Jieu of the one for whom such Money shall have been remitted as aforesaid; and such Deputy Lieutenants or Justice shall proceed therein for enforcing the Payment of every such Sum of Money, in such and the like Manner, in every respect, and by alPfuch and the like Powers and Authorities as is and are directed by and contained in all or any Statutes or Statute made for the Recovery of Wages in Scotland; and if any such Sub-division Clerk shall omit or neglect to remit such Money within one Week after the same shall have been paid to him as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer, Serjeant, or other Person, shall at any Time Enlistment of wilfully and knowingly cnlill any Man to serve in his Majesty's other Forces, who at the Time of such enlisting Mil ua Man shall be enrolled or engaged to serve in the Militia, every such enlisting shall be deemed null and void; and in case any Militia Man at the Time of offering to enlill as aforesaid, shall deny to the Officer, Serjeant, or other voM: Penalty Person recruiting for Men to enlill and serve in his Majesty's other Forces, that he is (at the Time of his offer- on Man so ing to enlill) a Militia Man then actually enrolled and engaged to serve (which the said Officer, Serjeant, or other Person is hereby required to ask every Man offering to enlill in his Majesty's other Forces), or mall offer himself to be enrolled and serve in any other Regiment or Battalion of Militia, every Militia Man so offending shall, on Conviction thereof upon the Oath of one Witness before any one Justice of the Peace, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainpri/.e for and during any Time not exceeding six Months, and his Term of Service shall recommence from the Date of such Commitment, over and above any Penalty or Punishment to which such Person so offending is or shall be otherwise liable; and every Person lo offending, from the Day on which his Engagement to serve in the Militia shall end, and not sooner, shall belong as a Soldier to the Corps of his Majesty's other Forces into which he shall have been so enlisted; and if any Officer or other Person shall enlill any Man belonging to the Militia to serve in his Majesty's other Forces, knowing him to belong to the Militia, or without aiking him if he belongs to the Militia, every such Officer, Seneant, or other Person, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds; and if any Person actually serving in any of his Majesty's other Forces, shall offer him-self to serve and be enrolled as a Substitute in the Militia, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay to the Person informing of such Offence the Sum of ten Pounds, or be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding three Months.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Persons shall give Orders to any Serjeant, Drummer, or other Person serving in the Militia, to beat up in any City, Town, or Place for Volunteers to serve in the Militia, the Person who shall give such Orders shall, upon Proof thereof and upon such beating up as aforesaid, upon Oath before any Justice of the Peace, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall be applied to the Use of the Person who shall make Information thereof before any Justice of the Peace; and if such Serjeant, Drummer, or other Person shall refuse to declare upon Oath before such Justice from whom he received such Orders, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Serjeant, Drummer, or other Person to the House of Correction for any Time not exceeding three Months.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the Money arising by Penalties incurred for refilling to serve in the Militia, or to find Substitutes to serve in their Room, shall be applied by any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, within their respective Subdivisions, in providing Substitutes for the Persons who have paid such Penalties, which Substitutes shall be examined, approved, sworn in, and enrolled to serve for the same Term, in the same Manner, and on the same Conditions, as is herein-before provided in the Case of Substitutes provided by Persons chosen by Ballot; and if any Surplus shall remain, the same shall be paid to the Colonels or other Commandants of the respective Regiments or battalions in which such Persons ought to have served as Militia Men, and be applied as Part of the Regimental Stock; and a Return of the Amount of such Penalties, with the Names of Persons paying the fame, shall be transmitted by the Clerk of the Subdivision Meetings to the Clerk of the General Meetings, and where two or more Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places, are joined together to form a Regiment or Battalion, a Copy of every such Return shall be transmitted by the Cleric of the General Meeetings of such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, or Counties, Stewartries,

Cities, or Places, to the Clerk of the General Meeting of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, furnishing the greatest Number of Men to such Regiment or Battalion; and the Return of the Account of such Penalties, with the Names of Persons paying the fame, shall be transmitted by the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings to the Clerks of the General Meetings; and where two or more Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places, arc joined together to form a Regiment or Battalion, such Return shall be sent by the Clerk or Clerks of the General Meetings of the other County, Stewartry, City, or Place, or Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places, to the Clerk of the General Meeting of the County or Stewartry, furnishing the greatest Number of Men to such Regiment or Battalion.

M County Lieutenants, authorized to administer Oaths, §62." [&e j 67 of cap. 90.]

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Militia of the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places HowthaMiTirb aforesaid, shall be divided into fifteen different Regiments or Battalions, confiding of Companies not more than d

one cU"r«-

and on Officer enlisting Men. Penally on Soldiers offering lo serve ai Substitutes in the Militia.

Penalty on Serjeants, &c. of the Militia beating up for Volunteers, aoL&c.

Application of Penalties for rc« f using to serve.

A Return of Penalties, and

Pe; fons paying them, shall be transmilled by the Clerks of the Subdivisions to the Clerks of the General Meeting*, Ac,

+94

Ertalulhmcnn ut; he Militia.

How iho FieM Officers Hull IjC appointed.

E*cept where a County, 4cc. cannot lurnish one Company. How the Captains ard Suhal. terns (h«ll he appointed.

Supernumerary Officers may be appointed lur Artillery.

C. 91. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

one hundred Men, nor less than sixty Men each; and that for the Formation of the said Regiments or battalions, the said Counties Stewartries, Cities, and Places shall compose Regiments or Battalions, and be classed as f jllowc; (videlicet) "1 he County of Aberdeen shall of itself form one Battalion; and thj Counties of Ayr, life, Lanark, Perth, ard Renfrew, shall in like Manner of themselves form each a Battalion: And the following Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, shall be joined together to form Battalions; (videlicet)

"The Counties of Argyle and Bute 5

The Counties of Berwick, Haddington, Linlithgow, and Peebles

The Counties of Caithness, Sutherland, Refs, and Cromarty

The Counties of Dumfries, Roxburgh, and Selkirk

The County of Edinburgh, and the City of Edinburgh \

The Counties of Forfar and Kincardine;

The Counties of Inverness, Banff, Elgin, and Niirne;

The Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and County of 1lrtgton; and The Counties of Stirling, Dunbarton, Clackmannan, and Kinross.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That to each Company of such Regiments or Battalions of Militia as aforesaid, there shall be one Captain, one Lieutenant, and one Ensign; and that the Field Officers of such Regiments or Battalions shall be as follows 5 (that is to say, ) in every Regiment or Ba: talion confiding of not less than four hundred and twenty private Men, there shall be one Colonel, one Lieutenant Colonel, and one Major; and in every Regiment or Battalion confiding of less than four hundred and twenty private Men, there shall be one Lieutenant-Colonel, and one Major: Provided always, that no Colonel or Field Officer in the Militia shall be a Captain of a Company, except in the Case herein after mentioned: Provided also, that where a Regiment or Battalion shall consist of less than four hundred and twenty private Men, but not less than two hundred and fifty private Men, three Persons qualified according to this Act may be appointed to hold the Rank of Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, and Major, in such Regiment or Battalion respectively, but with no higher Pay than if the Persons so appointed to hold the Rank of Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, and Major, were appointed to hold only the Rank of Lieutenant Colonel, Major, and Captain respectively, and which three Persons who may be so appointed to hold the Rank of Colonel, Lieutenant Colontl, and Major respectively, shall be severally appointed in the Manner herein after provided in the Case of other Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, and Majors of the Militia: Provided also, that every Regiment or Battalion confiding of five Companies, but lef> than eight Companies, may have one Company of Grenadiers or Light Infantry, to which two Lieutenants shall be appointed inllead of one Lieutenant and one Ensign; and that ever)' Regiment or Battalion consisting of eight Companies or upwards, may have one Company of Grenadiers and one Company of Light Infantry, to each of which Companies two Lieutenants shall be appointed infftad of one Lieutenant and one Ensign: Provided also, that to every Company consisting of ninety private Men and upwards, there may be two Lieutenants and 011c Ensign, or three Lieutenants as the Case may be.

LKV. And be it further enacted, That the different Field Officers commanding the said several Battalions shall be appointed as follows: Where three or more Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places, are joined together to form a Battalion, the Colonel shall be appointed by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, furnishing the greatest Number of private Men; the Lieutenant Colonel shall he appointed by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, furnishing the next greatest Number; and the Major shall be appointed by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, furnishing the third greatest Number: Ana where two Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places only are joined together to form a Battalion, then and in such Case the Colonel and Major shall be appointed by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place furnishing the greatest Number; and the Lieutenant Colonel shall be appointed by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, furnishing the smallest Number; and where one County, Stewartry, City, or Place of itself forms one Battalion, then the Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, and Major shall be appointed by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, forming such Battalion.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any County, Stewartry, City, or Place, does not fumish Men sufficient to form a Company, the Lieutenant of such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, shall not appoint any of the Field Officers.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Captains and Subalterns of Companies shall be appointed ms.follows: Where the Men furnished by any County, Stewartry, City, or Place, shall not be sufficient for a Company, the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, furnishing the greatest fractional Part of a Company, shall appoint the Captain, the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place furnishing the next greatest fractional Part of a Company, shall appoint the Lieutenant; and the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, furnishing the next greatest fractional Part of a Company, shall appoint the Ensign; and where the Men furnished by two Counties only form one Company, or the fractional Part of a Company, the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City or Place, furnishing the largest fractional Part of such Company, shall appoint the Captain; and the Lieutenant of the other County, Stewartry, City, or Place shall appoint the Lieutenant and Ensign: And where any County, Stewartry, City, or Place, shall fumish Men sufficient for one or more complete Company or Companies, the Captains, Lieutenants, and Ensigns of such Company or Companies shall be appointed by the Lieutenant of such County, Stewartry, City, or Place; and any fractional Part of a Company which may remain furnished by such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, shall become Subject to the Rules above prescribed, where the Men furnished by two or more Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places, are requisite to complete a Company.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if his Majestjr shall at any Time direct that any Proportion of the said Militia shall be trained and exercised to the Service of any Artillery that may be attached to any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to direct that a Supernumerary

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 91.

Officer or Officers of the said Regiment or Battalion of such Rank as his Majesty shall order, and being duly qualified as aforesaid, shall be appointed to and for the said Men so directed to be trained and exercised as aforesaid.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of any Militia Regiment or Battalion, who may have accepted or shall accept a Commission or Appointment of the same Rank in any other Militia Regiment or Battalion, and shall thereby vacate his former Commission, shall continue to rank in the general Service according to the Date of his Commission or Appointment of the same Rank in the Militia so vacated as aforesaid.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That when any Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall be nbfent from Great Britain, and until he shall return to Great Britain, and shall have , notified his Arrival to the Clerk of the General Meeting of the DistritEl to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong, and to the Commanding Officer and Adjutant thereof, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by Warrant under his Sign Manual, to direct and order that the Officer next in Command, who shall be reflding in Great Britain, shall in all Cases act and serve as the Commandant of such Regiment or Battalion; and all Powers and Authorities which might have been exercised by such Colonel or other Commandant, so absent as aforesaid, while resident in Great Britain, shall be vested in and exercised by the Officer next in Command in such Regiment or Battalion, who shall be resident in Great Britain; and from and after issuing the said Warrant as aforesaid, all Matters and Things which ought to be transacted and done by any other Person or Persons with such Colonel or other Commandant whilst resident in Great Britain, shall be transacted and done during the Time aforesaid, with such Officer so next in Command as aforesaid, who shall be reflding in Great Britain; and all Money directed to be issued or paid to or to the Order of such Colonel or other Commandant for the Use of such Regiment or Battalion, shall be issued and paid to or to the Order of such Officer next in Command as aforesaid; and all Acts, Matters, and Things, done by and with such Officer so next in Command as aforesaid, during the Time aforesaid, which are or shall be authorized or required to be done by or with such Colonel or other Commandant when in Great Britain, shall be good and valid as if done by or with such Colonel or other Commandant; and during the Absence from Great Britain of the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment or Battalion, and until he shall return to Great Britain, and notify his Arrival as aforesaid, the Officer next in Command in such Regiment or Battalion, who shall be reflding in Great Britain, shall appoint the Regimental or Battalion Clerk and Agent to such Regiment or Battalion, in the same Manner as such Colonel or other Commandant might have done, and shall take ^ecurity from such Agent, and shall be and is hereby made subject and liable to make good all Deficiencies that may happen from the said Agent, or from himself, upon account of the Pay, Cloathing, or publick Stock of such Regiment or Battalion: Provided always, that such Officer so next in Command as aforesaid, who shall assume the Powers so given to him as aforesaid, in consequence of the Absence from Great Britain of his Colonel or other Commandant, shall, within seven Days after he shall assume any such Powers, notify the Absence from Great Britain of such Colonel or other Commandant, to the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, and also, when the Regiment or Battalion shall be in actual Service, to the Secretary at War: Provided also, that if any such Colonel or other Commandant as aforesaid, shall have given any Orders for Cloathing or other Necessaries, or for Accoutrements, which ought to be provided in due Course, or in pursuance of any Order by proper Authority, at the Time when such Order shall be given for the Use of his Regiment or Battalion, and if before such Orders shall be completed, or after the same shall be completed, and before the Money shall be issued for the fame, such Colonel or other Commandant shall leave Great Britain, the Orders so given by such Colonel or other Commandant, shall nevertheless be completed, and the Money to be issued in respect thereof shall be paid to the Order of such Colonel or other Commandant, notwithstanding his Absence from Great Britain as aforesaid; and in like Manner if any Officer so next iu Command as aforesaid, shall, in consequence of the Absence from Great Britain of his Colonel or other Commandant, and under the Authorities given to Him as aforesaid, give any Orders for Cloath* ing or other Necessaries, or for Accoutrements, which ought to be provided in due Course, or in pursuance of any Order by proper Authority, at the Time when such Orders shall be given for the Use of his Regiment or Battalion, and before such Orders shall be completed, or after the same shall be completed, and, before the Money which ought to be issued shall be issued for the fame, the Colonel or other Commandant shall return to Great Britain, and notify his Arrival as aforesaid, the Orders so given by such Officer so next in Command as aforesaid shall be completed, and the Money to be issued in respect thereof shall be paid to the Order of such Officer, notwithstanding the Return of such Colonel or other Commandant as aforesaid.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty may and shall appoint one proper Person, who shall have ftrved in some of his Majesty's other Forces, or in the Militia of England or of Scotland, while embodied, for the Term of five Years at the lead, to be an Adjutant to each Regiment or Battalion of Militia; and such Adjutant, if appointed out of Ms Majesty's other Forces, shall, during his Service in the Militia, preserve his Rank in the Army in the same Manner as if he had continued in that Service; and it (h; dl be lawful for the Lieutenant of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place, on the Recommendation of the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, to appoint the Adjutant of such Regiment or Battalion to serve with the Rank of Captain, provided such Adjutaut shall have ierved five Years in the Militia while embodied, or in his Majesty, s other Forces, although such Adjutant may not have the Qualification required by this Act for Captains: Provided always that no such Appointment to the Rank of Captain shall be valid, unless in the Instrument granting the same it be specified in what Regiment or Battalion of the Militia, while embodied, or of his Majesty's other Forces, such Adjutant hath served, and what was or were the Date or Dates of his Commission or Commissions: Provided also, that no Adjutaut so appointed to serve with the Rank of Captain shall, by virtue of the Date of such Appointment as aforesaid, or otherwise, be entitled to rank above or to command any Captain of a Company in the Militia: Provided ali'o, that no such Adjutant shall, by

reason

495

Rank of Officri accepting Commissions in other Regiments of Militia.

When a Om« maiv'ant shall be absent from G rent Britain, his Majesty may direct the Officer next in Command to a£>, who shall have the same Powers til! the Commandant shall return and nolily his Arrival 10 Clerk of General Meetings.

How such Absence of the Commandant shall be notified to the County Lieutenant and Secretary of War.

Orders of Commandant, or hu next in Command, for Cloathing or Accoutrements, shall l>c duly completed.

His Majesty may appoint certain J'crfuns to be Adjutants who may be appointed to the Rankol Captain, though not qualified as directed by $ 5, £cc.

Rank and Pay of such Adjutant.

Appointment of SuigeoQ.

His Allowance, fltc. while Militia difcmtxxlied.

When embodied, such Surgeon shall receive Pay, &c. as in the Infantry, but shall not hold any other Commission. Appointment and Rank of (Quarter Mailer.

Regimental

Clerk.

The Proportions of Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers, and their l>ay.

TbctrOath.

/Serjeant Majors and Dium Majors. No Publican shall serve i s a Serjeant, &c.

Additional Corporals,

C. 91. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802

reason of any such Appointment as aforesaid, be ehtitled to receive any greater or other Pay than that of Adjutant.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, who is authorized by this Act to name the Colonel of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, with the Approbation of his Majesty, to appoint one fit and proper Person, who shall have passed an Examination at Surgeon's Hall in London, or before the College of Surgeons in Edinburgh, and received his Certificate accordingly, to be Surgeon of such Regiment or Battalion, and every such Appointment shall recite the Certificate of the Person so appointed, and an attested Copy thereof shall be transmitted to and dtpofited with the Clerk of the General Meetings; and every such Surgeon shall, while the Militia to which he shall belong are disembodied, receive ten Shillings^r Day for every Day of his Attendance during any Exercise of such Militia under this Act, and the same for every Day that he shall attend the Enrolments at the Subdivision Meetings; such last mentioned Attendances being certified by any Deputy Lieutenant or Lieutenants of such Subdivision Meeting to the Colle£or of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, the Lieutenant of which has appointed such Surgeon in Manner aforesaid; and in Addition thereto, every such Surgeon shall also receive his actual and reasonable Expences for Medicines and Necessaries for the Sick, during the Time of any Exercise of such Militia in pursuance of this Act, and for his Attendance, Medicines, and Necessaries for the sick Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, when actually resident at the Hpad Quarters of the Regiment or Battalion, as herein after directed, which shall be repaid him by the said Collector, on an Account stated by such Surgeon, and certified by the Commanding Officer and Aajutant of the Regiment or Battalion tg which he shall belong; and every such Surgeon so appointed as aforesaid shall, during the Time of the Militia to which he shall belong being embodied, receive the Pay and Allowance of a Surgeon of Infantiy in his Majesty's other Force?, and be subject to the like Rules, Restrictions, and Directions, in every Respect as far as the same may be applicable; and no such Surgeon shall be capable of holding any other Commission in such Militia, or of receiving any Pay in respect of any other Commission in such Militia, during the Time of his being such Surgeon as aforesaid.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Colonel of each Regiment or Battalion, with the Approbation of his Majesty, to appoint one fit and proper Person, who has served in his Majesty's other Forces, or in the embodied Militia, to be the Quarter Master of any such Regiment or Battalion respectively; and it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, authorized by this Act to appoint the Colonel of such Regiment or Battalion, on the Recommendation of the Colonel thereof, to appoint such Quarter Master to serve with the Rank of Lieutenant or Ensign, although such Quarter Master may not have the Qualification required by this Act for Lieutenants or Ensigns respectively: Provided always, that such Quarter Master shall not be capable of holding any Commission or receiving any Pay in respect of any Commission in any Company in the Militia, during the Time of his being such Quarter Master as aforesaid.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Colonel or other Commandant of every Regiment or Battalion of Militia, when such Regiment or Battalion is not in actual Service, may appoint a Regimental or Battalion Clerk, who shall execute the Office of Paymaster.

4€ No Adjutant, &c. shall be appointed Captain of a Company, See. §75. Oath of Half Pay Officers, serving €t as Subalterns, &c. §76." [As under §§ 81, 82. of c. 90.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers shall be appointed to the Militia by the Colonels or other Commandant of each Regiment or Battalion, in the following Proportions; (that is to say, ) when not in actual Service there shall be one Serjeant, and one Corporal to every thirty private Men, and when the Militia shall be drawn out into actual Service, an Addition shall be made, so that there shall be one Serjeant and one Corporal to every twenty private Men; and when not in actual Service, there shall be one Drummer to every Company, with an Addition of one Drummer for each Flank Company of Regiments or Battalions confiding of five or more Companies as aforesaid; and when the Militia shall be drawn out into actual Service, there mall be an Addition of one Drummer to every Company, so drawn out; and the daily Pay of every such Serjeant, Corporal, and Drummer respectively, when not in actual Service, shall be as follows; (that is to say, ) of every Serjeant, one Shilling and six Pence; of every Corporal, one Shilling and two Pence; and of every Drummer, one Shilling; and such Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, shall be new cloathed when not in actual Service, once in two Years; and all Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, shall take the following Oath; (that is to say, )

T jf. B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty King George, and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia within Great Britain, for the Defence Oi the fame, until I shall be legally discharged.'

And the Colonel or other Commandant of every Regiment or Battalion, may appoint a Serjeant Major, and the Colonel or other Commandant of every Regiment or Battalion may also appoint a Drum Major; and that all Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, having received any Pay as such from any Regiment or Battalion, shall be deemed to be engaged and compellable to serve in such Regiment, or Battalion, until they shall be legally discharged: Provided always, that no Person who shall keep any House of publick Entertainment, or who shall fell any Ale or Wine, or any Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors, by Retail, shall be capable of being appointed or of serving or receiving Pay as a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer in the Militia: Provided always, that if it shall happen that in any Regiment or Battalion there shall be a Surplus of fifteen private Men or upwards, after the Appointment of one Serjeant and one Corporal to every thirty private Men* such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps shall be entitled to nave one additional Corporal, when not in actual Service, for such Surplus Number of Men.

LXXVIII. And whereas by an Act passed in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, it was enacted, that it should be lawful for his Majesty to retain in actual Service, and to cause full Fay to be issued to the Adjutants, Serjeants Major, and the whole or such Proportion of the Serjeants and Drummers of each«Regiiyent of the Militia then embodied as his Majesty should think fit, for a certain Time therein mentioned be it enacted, that the Serjeants Major, and Serjeants and Drummers to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall be taken in the first Instance from amongst the Serjeants Major, Serjeants, and Drummers so retained as aforesaid, who, upon their Appointment to each Regiment or Battalion to which they shall belong, shall severally take the Oaths prescribed to be taken by such Serjeants and Drummers respectively.

Serjeants Major, Serjeants, See. under this Act, shall be taken in the first Instance from those retained under 41G. 3. (U.K.) c. 67. $ 5.

41 Colonels may discharge Serjeants, &c. and appoint others, §79. Extra Drummers may be kept as Fifers u or Musicians, §80. Serjeants, &c. of Chelsea Hospital may serve and receive Pay also in the Militia.

" Serjeants, &c. having served 20 Years in the Militia, may receive the Chelsea Pension, §81." [&e §84, 85,

86, of cap. 90.]

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Militia to be raised as aforesaid shall be called out Militia shall be'once in every Year for the Purpose of being trained and exercised for the Space of twenty-one Days; and eiercifed 11 in every County, Stewartry, City, or Place, m which it shall have been appointed, that the Whole of such a?nu.apy*Militia shall not be trained or exercised at the same Time, then the respective Parts thereof shall be trained ^, tj, "nsU1rs lhe°- and exercised successively until the whole of the Men serving for such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, County Lieute-shall have been trained and exercised for the Space of twenty-one Days; and that for the Purpose aforesaid, nant, See. shall the Men serving for such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, shall be called out to be so trained and exercised appoint, in such Manner and in such Proportions, at such Time or Times, and Place or Places in such County or Stew-try, as shall be appointed, with the Approbation of % his Majesty, by the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenant at a General Meeting of the Lieutenancy to be holden as herein-before directed, or in Default of any such Meeting being holden, then by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, composing of it-self a Regiment or Battalion of Militia, or of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place composing the greatest Number of each Regiment or Battalion, or by three Deputy Lieutenants authorized by his Majesty to act as aforesaid: Provided always, That it shall not be lawful to order less than one Company of sixty Private Men at the least, with Officers and Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers in Proportion, to be trained and exercised together: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants of any County or Stewartry, composing of itself a Regiment or Battalion of Militia, or of the County, Stewartry, or City, composing the greatest Number of each Regiment or Battalion, at any General Meeting of Lieutenancy, to alter the Places appointed for assembling the Men for Exercise, and from Time to Time to appoint other or additional Places as they shall find expedient, giving the like Notice thereof as is herein required to be given of the Places first to be appointed.

Regiments disembodied need not be trained for 12 Months, §. 83. During Time of Exercise, the 41 Mutiny Act, kc. shall be in force as to such Militia, except as to Life or Limb. How Courts Martial shall be held then. §84." [See §88, 89, of cap. 90.]

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That Notice of the Times and Places of Exercise of the Militia Men Notices of the to be raised by virtue of this Act shall be sent as follows; (videlicet, ) where a County of itself forms a Bat- Times and talion, the Notice shall be sent by Order of the General Meetings of Lieutenancy of such County, by p, ac*8 ot E*er-the Clerk of the General Meetings, to the Clerk of the several Subdivision Meetings in such County, and Centra Wo tha where two or more Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places, compose a Battalion, the Notice shall be sent by Subdivision Order of the General Meetings of Lieutenancy of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, composing the Meeting*. Crony greatest Number of such Regiment, or Battalion, not only to the Clerk of the several Subdivision Meetings in lh€tm i<*dCun-such County, but also to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the other County, Stewartry, City, or Place, or Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places, composing such Battalion, who shall again fend Notice to the Clerk to tficMeo.* of the several Subdivision Meetings in such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, or Counties, Stewartries,

Cities, and Places respectively; and the said Deputy Lieutenants, at some Subdivision Meeting to be held for carrying this Act into Execution, after the Receipt of the said Notices, shall cause the Men (erring for such Subdivision to be called out in such Order and Course as shall have been notified by the Clerk of the General Meetings as aforesaid; and for that Purpose shall issue Orders to the Chief Constables, or other Officers of the Heveral Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places respectively, and to the Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Officers, within their respective Parishes or other Divisions, which Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Officers shall cause such Notice as aforesaid to be affixed on the Door of the Churches or Chapels belonging to their Notices on respective Parishes or Places, or (if any Place shall have no Church or Chapel belonging thereto) on the Door of Church Doors* the Church or Chapel of some Parish or Place thereunto adjoining, which Notice shall be deemed a sufficient Notice to every Person enrolled by virtue of this Act, notwithstanding any Omission in the Delivery of written Notices in Manner herein after directed; and such Constables and other Officers are hereby required also to give Notice in Writing to the several Militia Men, who shall be called out to be trained and exercised at such Times Notices to mud Places respectively, by serving them personally, or by leaving the same at their usual Place of Abode, to attend at the Tune and Place mentioned in such Order; and all such Militia Men shall duly attend at the Time and Place of Exercise, according to such Notices respectively.

Clerks of Subdivision Meetings shall fend Lists of Men enrolled, and the Time and Place of Exercise, to the Commanding Officer, kc, §86. When Pay of Men called out to Exercise shall commence, §87." [as under $f 91, 92 of cap. 90.

LXXXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Man of the said Militia, coming from a Men coming coosiderable Di(lance, who shall appear at the Place or Places to be appointed for Exercise, shall be entitled to f»vn> a Pittance

42GfiO.HL 3 S an lothePUccof

498

Exercise shall receive certain Allowances, on Certificate from two Deputy Lieutenants, which shall be repaid to the Cleric of the Subdivision, by the Collector of the Land Tax.

Relief of Militia Men falling sick vn the March.

BilletingMilitia when called out to annual Exercise, Sc c.

Justices shall aid in providing Carriages and Horses for conveying the Arms, &c. of the Militia on its March on such annual Exercise.

Colonels, See. shall make Returns of the Militia so called out, to the County Lieutenant, &c. Penalty for Lfegledt, 50l.

C. 91. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

an Allowance, after the Rate of one Shilling per Diem for each Day necessarily spent in coming from the Parish or Place for which he shall serve to the Place or Places to be appointed for Exercise; and shall in like Manner be entitled to a limilar Allowance of one Shilling per Diem for each Day necessary to enable him to return to the Parish or Place for which he shall serve, after the Days appointed for Exercise are over, to be calculated at not less than ten Miles per Day, with the usual Number of halting Days, and where such Militia Man has Occasion to come and return by Sea, or to pass a Ferry or Ferries, he shall farther be allowed the Sum usually paid for such Passage by Sea, or at such Ferry or Ferries, in coming from and returning to the Parish or Place for which he shall serve; for which Purpose a Certificate shall be given to every such Militia Man of the Number of Days, and of the Amount of the Passage Money, for which such Allowance shall be made to him, under the Hands of two or more of the Deputy Lieutenants of the Parish or Division to which such Militia belongs, Wiich Certificate shall be produced by such Militia Man to the Clerk of the Subdivision Meetings, in whole District the said Militia Man hath his Abode, who shall thereupon pay to such Militia Man the Allowance specified in such Certificate; and upon such Certificate being produced to the Collt&or of the Land Tax of the Couilty, Stewartry, City, or Place to which such Militia Man belongs, the said Collector shall reimburse the Clerk of the Subdivision Meeting who has paid the fame, for the Amount of the Allowances specified in such Certificate, and all such Sums so paid by such Collector shall be allowed in his Accounts.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Militia Man shall, on his March to the Place where he shall be ordered to attend for the annual Exercise, be disabled by Sickness or otherwise, it shall be lawful for any one Justice of the Peace of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place where such Man shall then be, by Warrant under his Hand, to order him such Relief as such Justice shall think reasonable; and upon such Warrant being produced to the Collector of the Land Tax of the County, Stewarty, City, or Place within which such Militia Man shall then be, he shall pay all such Expences as shall be incurred pursuant to such Warrant, upon.an Account thereof to be certified under the Hand'of such Justice of the Peace, and all such Sums so paid by any such Collector shall be allowed in his Accounts.

XC. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Justices of the Peace and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, and Places, and they and each of them are and is respectively hereby required, to quarter and billet the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and private Men serving in the Militia, at the Times when they shall be called out to annual Exercise, in the same Way and Manner as his Majesty's regular Forces are so furnished and provided in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, upon Application made to any such Justices of the Peace or Magistrates by his Majesty's Lieutenant, or by the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia so called out to Exercise as aforesaid, or of any Division or Detachment thereof; and when the Militia is not embodied nor called out to Exercise as aforesaid, all Justices of the Peace and Magistrates aforesaid may, and they and each of them are and is hereby respectively required, to order and provide convenient Quarters in such Manner as aforesaid, for the Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers of the Militia.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That when the Militia shall be called out to be trained and exercised, any Justice of the Peace of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place, being thereunto required by an Order from the Lieutenant or from any Deputy Lieutenant of such County, Stewartry', City, or Place, or from the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of any Regiment or Battalion, Detachment or Division of Militia, being within such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, may and shall be aiding and assisting in the providing of Carriages and Horses to convey the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, Ammunition, and other Stores of such Militia, and shall do every Thing necessary in that Behalf, in the same Manner as Justices of the Peace in Scotland do for the Purpose of providing Carriages and Horses to convey the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, Ammunition, and other Stores of his Majesty's Forces upon their March.

" Stoppages for Linen, &c. §92." [*w under §96 of cap. 90.]

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of every Regiment or Battalion of Militia, as often as his Regiment or Battalion shall be called out to exercise as before directed, and within fourteen Days from the Time of assembling, shall, and he is hereby required to return to the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place to wfhich the same belongs, or where two or more Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places are joined together to form a Regiment or Battalion, to the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place furnishing the greatest Number of Men to such Regiment or Battalion, a true State of such Regiment or Battalion, and a Duplicate thereof to the Clerk to the General Meetings, to be preserved among the Proceedings thereof; and where any such Regiment or Battalion shall be so ordered to be trained and exercised in Parts or Proportions successively in Manner directed by this Act, the Officer commanding every such Part or Porportion for the Time being shall, within seven Days after the assembling of such Part or Proportion, make a Return of the State of the Militia exercised by him or under his Command, to the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion to which the Militia so exercised shall belong, on Pain of forfeiting twenty Pounds for every such Omission; and the Colonel or Commanding Officer receiving such Returns, shall, within fourteen Days after all the Returns of Men belonging to his Regiment or Battalion, who shall have been so assembled, shall have been received by him, transmit a General Return to the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place to which such Militia shall belong, or where two or more Counties, Cities, or Places are joined together to form a Regiment or Battalion, to the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, furnishing the greatest Number of Men to such Regiment or Battalion, and a Duplicate thereof to the Clerk of the General Meetings, to be preserved among the Proceedings thereof; and in case any Officer shall refuse or neglect, for three Months after the Time herein appointed for making such Returns, so to do, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

499

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 91.

u Captains shall make Returns of Classes (fee Schedule F.) for the Adjutant, See. who shall therefrom make " General Returns and transmit them to Clerks of General Meetings, and Extracts to Clerks of the Subdivi. fions, to correct their Enrolments. Clerk to General Meeting shall transmit Abstracts to Secretary of State u (fee Schedule G.). Penalty for neglecting to make Returns, 50l. §94." [See §98 of cap. 90.]

XCV. And be it further enacted, That every Militia Man (not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him) who shall not appear at the Time and Place appointed for his being exercised according to the Direction3 of this Act (Notice having been published and given as by this Act required), shall be deemed a Deserter, and if not taken until after the Time of any such Exercise, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds; and also every Militia Man, who having joined the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, or any Company or Companies, or Detachment or Division thereof, shall desert or absent himself during the Time of any such Exercise, and shall not be taken until after the Time of such Exercise, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds; and if such Penalty shall not be immediately paid, the Justice of the Peace before whom any Militia Man shall be convicted of any such Offence, shall commit such Militia Man to the House of Correction to hard Labour, or to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of six Months, or until he shall have paid the said Penalty, without any Mitigation whatsoever.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Militia Man shall desert or absent himself from his Duty, and shall not return and voluntarily surrender himself to the Adjutant or other Officer, Commissioned or Non-commissioned, commanding at the City, Town, or Place where the Arms of the Regiment or Battalion to which he shall belong shall be deposited, or shall not be taken within the Space of three Months from the Time of his so deserting or absenting himself, then upon Certificate thereof from the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belonged, to the Deputy Lieutenants, at any of their Meetings for the Subdivision for which such Militia Man was enrolled, such Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, are hereby required to hold a Subdivision Meeting, and to proceed to ballot for another Person to serve and be returned to such Regiment or Battalion in the Room of such Militia Man; and in case such Militia Man shall at any Time thereafter return or be taken, he shall, notwithstanding any Person shall have been chosen in his Room, be compelled to serve in the same Manner, and for the same Term (the said Term to recommence from the Day on which he shall have returned or have been taken), as if no Person had been lo chosen in his Room.

" Muskets shall be marked. Penalty on felling, pawning, or losing Arms, &c. 5l. or three Months Imprison- ment, §97." [_as 'under§ 101 of cap. 90].

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully buy, take in Exchange, conceal, or otherwise receive any Militia Arms, Clothes, or Accoutrements, or any such Articles belonging to any Militia Man as are generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, according to the Custom of the Army, being provided for the Militia Man, and paid for by Deductions out of his Pay, or any publick Stores or Ammunition whatever delivered for the Militia, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Person so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds; and if such Offender shall not immediately pay such Penalty, and shall not have sufficient Goods and Effects whereon to levy such Penalty, the Justice before whom he or flic shall be convicted shall commit him or her to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of six Months, until lie or file shall have paid the said Fine, or shall cause such Offender to be publickly or privately whipped, at the Discretion of such Justice.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That every Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major, and Drummer of the Militia, shall be at all Times subject to any Act which shall be in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and to the Articles of War, under the Command of the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs; and it shall be lawful for the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, to direct the holding of Courts Martial as herein after directed, for the Trial of any Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major, or Drummer of such Regiment or Battalion, by either a General or Regimental Court Martial, for any Offence against the said Act or Articles of War committed during the Time such Regiment or Battalion shall not be embodied, and for the Trial of any Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, or private Man of such Regiment or Battalion who shall have deserted while the said Regiment or Battalion was embodied, and shall not nave been apprehended till after it shall have been disembodied, but so that no Punishment shall extend to the Loss of Life or Limb.

C. And be it further enacted, That if a sufficient Number of Officers to form a Court Martial cannot be found, it shall be lawful for the Colonel or other Commandant, and in his Absence for the Senior Field Officer of the Regiment or Battalion to which the Person on whom such Court Martial is to be held shall belong, to order any Officers of such Regiment or Battalion actually resident within the Town where such Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major, or Drummer is to be tried, or within ten Miles thereof, to attend and affiit as Members of such Court Martial, who shall thereupon attend at the Time required, and alfiil accordingly; but no Officer shall be entitled to receive Pay for any such Attendance: Provided always, that no Sentence of any Court Martial held as aforesaid on any Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major, or Drummer, or private Man as aforesaid, shall be put in Execution, until it shall have been confirmed by the Colonel or other Commandant, or by the Field Officer by whose Order such Court Martial was assembled.

CI. And be it further enacted, That any Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer of the Militia may, by Sentence of a Court Martial, be reduced to the Condition of a private Militia Man, to serve as such during any Time not exceeding fifteen Months, in case the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs shall not be then embodied or called out into actual Service; and in case the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs shall be then

3 S 2 embodied

Penalty on Men not appearing at Exercise, or absenting themselves, 10l. or six Months Imprisonment.

If Men absent themselves for three Months, others fh: ill be ballot ted for.

But such Men returning shall also be < om; el-led to fe: vc.

Penalty for buying Militia Arms, &c.

iol. See.

Serjeants Major, See. shall continue always; subject to Mu-.tiny Act to a ccitain Extent.

How Courts Martial on such Pc i fens shall be held, See.

How Serjeants, See. may be reduced to the Ranks.

00

A.D. 1802.

Keeping of Arms, Jtc.whtn the Militia is jmL embodied

Method of proceeding on Information of the Residence of a Militia Man who shall not join at annual £*trcife, or shall desert and not be apprehended-

Method of pro-reeding where Ferions are found suspected to be deserting. Non-commi ffiimed Olliceis,

c. 9l. 42'Georgix in.

embodied or called out into actual Service, to serve as aforesaid until the disembodying of the said Regiment or Battalion; after which Time, or at the End of the said fifteen Months, as the Case may be, if not regularly re-appointed to the Rank of a Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer, he shall be discharged from the Service.

CII. And be it further enacted, That the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, and other Stores belonging to every Regiment or Battalion of Militia when not embodied, shall be kept in futh convenient Place as the-Colonel or other Comxnaudant shall direct, with the Approbation of his Majesty, signified by one of his principal Secretaries of State.

Serjeants, &c. shall reside where Arms are kept, and be under the Command of the Adjutant, by whom

monthly Returns shall be made to Secretary of State, County Lieutenant, and Colonel, ray of Serjeants*

dec. absent on Leave. If absent without, shall forfeit their Pay, &c. Adjutant shall not be absent without

*« Leave. Who shall command in his Absence. §103." [as under $ 107 of cap. 90.]

CIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Militia Man shall not join the Regiment or Battalion, Detachment or Division to which he belongs, at the Time of annual Exercise, or shall desert during the Time of annual Exercise, and shall not be apprehended before the Expiration of the Time appointed for such Exercise, and if the Commanding Officer, or the Adjutant of such Regiment or Battalion, or the Commanding Officer of the Company, Detachment, or Division to which such Offender belongs, shall receive Information of the Place where he shall be or reside, any such Commanding Officer or Adjutant may, by Writing under his Hand, describe the Person of such Offender, and also certify that he did not join the Regiment or Battalion, Detachment or Division, at the Time oPannual Exercise, or that he deserted during the Time of annual Exercise (as the Case may be), and fend the same by a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer of such Regiment or Battalion, to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or battalion, or to the Senior Serjeant when there is no Adjutant or Serjeant Major, of the Regiment or Battalion, or Detachment or Division thereof, of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place wherein such Offender is supposed to be or reside, and the Adjutant. Serjeant Major, or Senior Serjeant to whom such Certificate shall be sent, shall forthwith direct a Pkrty of the Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, to assist in the apprehending such Offender, and in conveying him before some Justice of the Peace of the County, Stewartry, City, or Division wherein such Offender shall be apprehended; and if by his Confession, or the Testimony of any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or the Knowledge of such Justice, it shall appear or be found that such Person is guilty of such Offence, such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Senior Serjeant as aforesaid, shall order a Party of the Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers under his Command, to convey such Offender to the Head Quarters of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia of the next County, Stewartry, City, or Place, in the Way to the County, Stewartry, City, or Place to which such Offender belongs, and deliver him into the Custody of the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of such Regiment or Battalion, or Senior Serjeant as aforesaid* who shall cause him to be conveyed in like Manner to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Battalion, or Senior Serjeant of the Regiment or Battalion of the next County, Stewartry, City, or Place, and so in like Manner until such Offender shall be delivered into the Custody of the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Battalion, or Senior Serjeant as aforesaid of the Corps to which he belongs, who shall take him before a Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with as this Act dire£Uin Cases of Militia Men deferring or absenring themselves from their Duty, when not embodied or called out into actual Service; and from the Time of his being so apprehended as. aforesaid, until he is brought before such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, such Offender shall be iubfifted at the Rate of Sixpence per Day, from the publick Monies in the Hands of the Collector of the Land Tax of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place to which such Regiment or Battalion belongs, for which Subsistence such Justice is hereby required to make such Order upon such Collector, who shall be allowed the same in his Accounts t and if any Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer shall desert from the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, it shall be lawful for any Constable or other Officer of the Town or Place where any Person who may be reasonably suspected to be such Deserter shall be found, to cause such Person to be apprehended and taken before any Justice of the Peace living in or near to such Town or Place, who is hereby empowered to examine such suspected Person; and if by his Confession, or the Testimony of any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice, it shall appear or be found that such suspected Person is such Deserter, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found, or the House of Correction or other publick Prison in the Town or Place in or near to which such Deserter shall be apprehended, there to remain until he shall be demanded by some Person or Persons authorized to receive him as herein after directed, and shall transmit an Account thereof to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place to which such Deserter belongs; and the Keeper of such Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison, shall receive the full Subsistence of such Deserter, at the Rate above specified, for his Maintenance during the Time he shall continue in his Custody, but shall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward on account of his Imprisonment; and such Clerk of the General Meetings receiving such Account, shall immediately transmit a Copy thereof to the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion of his County, Stewartry, City, or Place, and also to the Adjutant or other Officer commanding the Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers of such Regiments or Battalions; and the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion to which such Deserter shall be found to belong, or the Adjutant or Officer commanding the Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers of such Regiment or Battalion, shall, and he is hereby required, immediately on receiving such Copy as aforesaid, to fend any Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, or any Party of the Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers of his Regiment or B ittalion, to the Plato where such Deserter shall be so confined, and shall alf fend by such Serjeant, Corporal, or Diummer, or the Serjeant commanding such Party of Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers, an Order under his Hand to the Keeper of the find Gaol, House of Correctiua, or Pruon*

requiring

5oi

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 91.

requiring him to deliver such Deserter to the Person or Persons therein named, which he w hereby required to do; and the Sent*ant, Corporal, or Drummer to whom such Deserter shall be so ordered to be delivered, in case one only shall be sent on such Duty, shall apply to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Battalion, or to the Senior Serjeant of the Corps of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place where such Deserter shall be so confined as aforesaid, and such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Serjeant, shall order a sufficient Party of the Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers under his Command to assist in conveying such Deserter, and he shall be conveyed to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Battalion, or Senior Serjeant of the Cores to which he belongs, in the same Manner as before directed with respect to the conveying of private Militia Men to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Battalion, or Senior Serjeant of the Corps to which they belong; and such Adjutant or Serjeant Major, or Serjeant, shall take such Deserter before a Justice of the Peace of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place to which he belongs, who shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Common Gaol, Home of Corre£ion, or other publick Prison of such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, where he shall remain without Bail or Mainprize, until a Court Martial can and shall be summoned and held for the Trial of such Deserters, according to the Provisions of this A6\, when he shall be delivered to the Person or Persons named in any Order to be issued for that Purpose under the Hand of the Officer by whose Authority such Court Martial shall be summoned, requiring the Delivery of such Deserter; and all Gaolers and Keepers of Prisons shall (if required so to do by any Serjeant, or Corporal, or Drummer employed in conveying any such Militia Man, or Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer so offending to the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs) receive into their Custody, \nd coniine such Offender for hich Time as they shall be respectively so required as aforesaid, not exceeding twenty-four Hours, and every such Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison who shall refuse so to do, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; and all such Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, while they are employed in executing such Duty as aforesaid, and all other Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers of the Militia, while on any March, or employed on any Duty upon which they may be commanded by any legal Authority, shall be billeted in like Manner as Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers belonging to his Majesty's other Forces employed in apprehending and conveying Deserters are to be billeted.

CV. And be it further enacted, 'Hiat the Justice of the Peace before whom any Deserter shall be convicted, shall and may issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion to which such Deserter shall belong, or (where there is no Clerk) to the Commanding Officer, requiring such Clerk, or such Commanding Officer, to pay out of such Regiment or Battalion the Sum of twenty Shillings to the Person who shall have apprehended such Deserter, and such Clerk or Commanding Officer is hereby authorized and required to pay the lame accordingly on Demand.

M Penalty on concealing Deserters, 5l. §106. In Cases of actual Invasion, Rebellion, See. his Majesty may order the Militia to be embodied and put under the Command of General Officers, See. and led by their respective Officers into any Part of Great Britain: While so embodied they shall be subject to the Mutiny A & 44 and Articles of War, §107. But shall not be ordered out of Great Britain, §108. In such Case Parliament (if not fitting) shall be called together in fourteen Days, §109. County Lieutenants, Sec. shall iflbe M Orders to Constables, who shall give Notice to Men to attend, §110. Militia Officers shall not (it on any but Militia Court Martials, See. } 111. Militia Men not appearing, See. shall be deemed Deserters 2 Penalty on harbouring them 100l. fin. Militia so embodied shall be entitled to Pay as Infantry, and Men wound- cd. See. entitled to Chelsea Hospital, f 113. Pay of Officers and Men not joining on Day appointed shall commence only from Day of joining, except in cale of Illness, Sec. f 114." [&e f 110 — 118 of cap. 90. J CXV. And be it further enacted, That the Pay of every Person enrolled to serve in the Militia of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place, after such Militia shall have been embodied and called out into actual Service, shall commence upon the Day on which such Person shall join the Regiment or Battalion to which he shall belong, and not before: Provded always, that it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants or Justicet of the Peace by whom any such Person shall have been so enrolled, to order and direct an Allowance to be made to such Person for the Purpose of enabling him to proceed and join the Regiment or Battalion to which he may belong, not exceeding the Rate of the Pay'of so many Days as would enable him to march from the Place where he was enrolled to the Place where the said Regiment or Battalion may be stationed, to be calculated at the Rate of not less than ten Miles ber Day, with the usual Number of[ halting Days, together with such Sum or Sums as must necessarily be paid by such Person for his Pailage by Sea, or over any Ferry or Ferries; and the said Allowance of Pay and Passage Money shall be advanced to such Person at the Time of his Enrolment by the Clerk of the Subdivision Meeting, under the Order of the Deputy Lieutenants or Justicet aforesaid, or one of them, and shall be repaid to the said Subdivision Clerk by the Collector of the Land Tax of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, on the Producti* n of a Certificate to that Effect, signed by the said Deputy Lieutenants or Justices, or any two or more of them, and the said Collector shall be allowed for the same in his Accounts accordingly.

Appointment of Agents by the Colonel, $ [as under §130 of cap. 90.]

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That when the Militia of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place, shall be ordered out into a&tial Service, the Collector of the Land Tax for such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, shall and is hereby required forthwith to pay to the Captain or other Commanding Officer of every Company of Militia so ordered out, the Sum of one Guinea for the Use of every private Militia Man belonging to his Compl y; and the said Collector shall also pay to every Captain or other Commanding Officer of a Company a* aforesaid, the Sum of one Guinea for every Recruit, as early as may be after such Recruit shall have i<»i»i*d his Corr.rov, .' hilt* out in actual Service as aforesaid (all which Monty so paid by the said Collector shall be allowed turn in his Accounts); anu the Money lb received by any Captain or other Commandi g

X Officer*

Gaolers shall

receive and confine Deserters, on Penalty of 206.

Serjeants, Sec. conveying Deserters, or on any March, Hull be billeted.

Reward for ap» piebending Dc« ferters, aot.

Commencement of Pay of Men enrolled after Militia is embodied. Allowance Co enable them to join.

Collector of the Lai.oTax shall pay to Captains Mic Guinea per Man, to be i.i<. >111 lor Ncceflaric*

502

Captain shall account with Men for the Came.

Clerk of General Meetings shall transmit to Subdivision Clerks Extracts of Returns, under preceding Section.

Deputy Lieutenants may enrol! Men willing to continue to serve as Volunteers; and the same Number shall be t>allotted for, who nuy appoint the Volunteers their Sulfttutes, and on their trans-inilting the Bounty to the Pay matter shall 1

WheneverTerm of Sen vice of Men is prolonged beyond five Years, one Guinea per Man shall be paid by the Collector of Land Tax to the Captain for NecdTaries

Captain shall account lor lame-to Men;

and for Substitutes or Volunteers; and alike Bounty at the End of every three Years of their lurther prolonged Service.

C. 91. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

Officer, or so much thereof as such Captain or other Commanding Officer shall think proper, shall be laid out in the Manner lie shall think moll advantageous for the respective Militia Men; and such Captain or Commanding Officer shall, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of the Month next ensuing that in which lie shall have received such one Guinea as aforesaid, account to such Militia Man how the said Sum of one Guinea hath been applied and disposed of, and shall at the Time of settling such Account pay the Remainder of the Money (if any) to the said Militia Man.

' Provision for re-enlisting Men whose Time is within four Months of expiring, and who are willing to con-u tinue on Bounty: When a Regiment is out of its County, a List of Men whose Time of Service is within li four Months of expiring, and who shall be willing to serve on Bounty, shall be periodically transmitted by Commanding Officers to Clerks of General Meetings, §118." [as under §123 of cap. 90.]

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the General Meetings of every County, Stewartry, City, or Place aforesaid, shall, as soon after the Receipt of such Notices as the same can be done, transmit to the respective Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, for the Use of the Deputy Lieutenants acting in such Sub-divisions, correct Extracts of such Returns, specifying in every such Extract the Men that shall have been enrolled for the Subdivision to which the Clerk to whom any such Extract is sent, shall belong; and thereupon it shall be lawful for such Deputy Lieutenants, if they shall think fit, to cause the Men willing to continue to serve as aforesaid to be enrolled as Volunteers for the particular and respective Parishes or Places for which they shall have been originally enrolled to serve, and thereupon as many Men shall be ballotted for in such Pa-rifties or Places as may be necessary to serve in the Room of such Militia Mui so enrolled as Volunteers; and the Person or Persons ballotted to serve in the Room of such Militia Men so enrolled as Volunteers, may, in the Order in which they have been ballotted, appoint such Person or Persons (in the Order in which their Names appear in the Extracts of Returns transmitted to the Deputy Lieutenants) his or their Substitute or Substitutes; and upon such Person or Persons so ballotted for transmitting to the Paymaster of the Regiment, in which such Men shall be then serving, the Bounty to be given to such Men whom they severally appoint their Substitutes in the Order before specified, such Person or Persons so ballotted for shall be in the same Situation as other Persons who have found Substitutes in the Manner directed by this Att, and the Paymaster shall forthwith pay or account to the said Men respectively so appointed Substitutes for the Bounties received by him; and such of the Men as shall not be appointed Substitutes, shall be discharged at the Expiration of the Period of Service, c in the Situation as others who have found Substituies.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Term of Service of any Person who shall have been chosen by Lot, and enrolled to serve in the Militia, shall be prolonged in the Manner herein directed beyond the Term of five Years, then'and in such Case the Collector of the Land Tax for the County, Stewartry, City, or Place to which the Person so chosen by Lot and enrolled shall belong, shall, and he is hereby required, forthwith to pay to the Captain or other Commanding Officer of each Company respectively, the Sum of one Guinea for every Person whose Time of Service shall be so prolonged, and shall in like Manner, so often as the Term of Service of any Person so chosen by Lot and enrolled to serve in the Militia shall be prolonged as aforesaid, pay the like further Sum of one Guinea (all which Money so paid by the Collector shall be allowed him in his Account); and the Money so received by any Captain or Commanding Officer, or so much thereof as such Captain or Commanding Officer shall think proper, shall be laid out in the Manner he shall think most advantageous for each respective Person so chosen by Lot and enrolled, and whose Time of Service shall be prolonged as aforesaid; and such Captain or Commanding Officer shall, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of the Month next ensuing that in which he shall have received any such one Guinea, account to such Person how the said Sum or Sums have been applied and disposed of, and shall, at the Time of settling such Account as aforesaid, pay over to him the Remainder of the said Money, if any, which shall not have been so applied and disposed or.

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Term of Service of any Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer serving in the Militia, shall, by reason of the Militia being embodied, continue beyond the Term of five Years, then and in such Case, the Collector of the Land Tax for the County, Stewartry, City, or Place to which such Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer shall belong, shall and he is hereby required forthwith to pay to the Captain or other Commanding Officer of each Company respectively the Sum of one Guinea for every Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer whose Term of Service shall so continue; and in case such Term shall so continue for more than three Years beyond the said Term of five Years, then at the Expiration of the said three Years the said Collector shall pay the like further Sum of one Guinea for every Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer whose Term shall so further continue; and in like Manner, at the Expiration of every additional Term of three Years, pay the like further Sum of one Guinea (all which Money so paid by the Collector shall be allowed him in his Account); and the Money so received by any Captain or Commanding Officer, or so much thereof as such Captain or Commanding Officer shall think proper, shall be laid out in the Manner he shall think most advantageous for each respective Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer; and such Captain or Commanding Officer shall, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of the Month next ensuing that in which he shall have received such Money as aforesaid, account to such Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, how the said Sum or Sums have been applied and disposed of; and shall at the Time of settling such Account as aforesaid, pay over to such Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, the Remainder of the said Money (if any) which shall not have been so applied, disposed of, and accounted for.

Substitutes or Volunteers not joining, or any of them, or any Serjeant, &c. deferring, See. may be adjudged 4< to further Service in the Militia, or to Service in the other Forces. How such Men shall be enlisted, &c. " in the Regulars, §122. When the whole Number of Militia is ordered to be embodied, if any shall after-

" wards

A.D. 1802'.

42° GEORGII III. C. 91.

u wards desert, See. and be absent three Months, Vacancies shall be filled up by Ballot, §123. On embody-ing Militia or any Proportion thereof, County Lieutenants, &c. shall order Subdivision Clerks to make out u Lilts of Persons enrolled in Clafies (fee §49.) with a Duplicate for the Deputy Lieutenants, and another to be transmitted to the General Meetings, §124.° §127 — 129. of cap. 90.3

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, to whom his Majesty's Order shall be directed, shall, at the Time of issuing his or their Order herein-before mentioned, also iirue his or their Order for assembling all the Men of the said Militia within their respective Subdivisions, or at such Place or Places within their respective Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places, and in such Proportions as to the said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid shall appear most expedient, on the Day or Days to be specified in such his or their Order to the Chief Constables or other Officers of such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, and to the Schoolmasters, Constables, or other Officers of the several Parishes and Places within the said County, Stewartry, City, or Place respectively; and such Schoolmasters, Constables, or other Officers, are hereby required, upon Receipt thereof, forthwith to cause Notice in Writing to be given to the several Men of the said Militia, or left at their usual Places of Abode, within their respective^Parishes or Places, to attend within their respective Subdivisions or Districts at the Time and Place mentioned in such Order; and ftiail also cause a like Notice thereof to be affixed on the Doors of the Churches or Chapels belonging to their respective Parishes or Places, or (if any Place shall have no Church or Chapel belonging thereto) on the Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parish or Place thereunto adjoining, which Notice shall be deemed a sufficient Notice to every Person enrolled by virtue of this Act, notwithstanding any Oiniflion in the Delivery of written Notices in Manner herein directed; and all such Militia Men shall duly attend at the Time and Place appointed in such Notices respectively.

" Men not appearing, &c. shall be deemed Deserters, and forfeit 10l. and be liable to be embodied, 126* County Lieutenant, &c. shall appoint the first Subdivision Meeting for balloting, &c. of which Deputy Lieu-u tenants shall give Notice, and shall ballot for the Men accordingly; a List of whom shall be returned to the " County Lieutenant, &c. §127. Deputy Lieutenants may correct Classes, §128. When only Part of the Militia shall be embodied, Deputy Lieutenants shall choose or ballot Men according to their respective Classes, " beginning with the first, §129. Where Persons enrolled in any Subdivision shall be absent, See. for three Months, Vacancy shall be filled up out of such Subdivision, §130. Certain Persons enrolled, if not balloted-, 44 may volunteer to serve, $ 131, " [as under §13 1 — 136 of cap. 90.]

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Man of the said Militia who shall appear and attend at the Ballot to be taken as herein-before directed, and who shall not be chosen or ballotted as aforesaid, shall be entitled to an Allowance, after the Rate of one Shilling per Diem, during the Time he shall be necessarily employed from Home, in going to and continuing at and returning from the Place to be appointed for such Ballot, not to exceed three Days, to be paid by the Clerk of the Subdivision or other Meeting in which such Men shall be enrolled; and on the Certificate of the Number of Men so paid, under the Hands of such Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace respectively, or where no Deputy Lieutenant shall there attend, then of any two or more such Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, the Collector of the Land Tax for such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, shall reimburse to the said Clerk the Sums so paid out of any Monies in his Hands of any Aid granted by Parliament by Way of Land Tax.

CXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks of the Subdivision or other Meetings shall be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to draw on the Collector of the Land Tax for the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, for such Sum or Sums of Money as such Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace respectively, or where only one Deputy Lieutenant shall attend, as such Deputy Lieutenant, or where no Deputy Lieutenant shall attend, then as any two or more Justices of the Peace shall, by any Order under their or his respective Hands or Hand direct and appoint, which Sum or Sums of Money shall be applied by such respective Clerks for paying the Allowances herein-before directed to be made; and the Receipt of any such Clerk, together with such Order, shall be to the said Collector of the Land Tax a sufficient Discharge for the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and be allowed in his Account.

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of each Subdivision or other Meeting shall, w hen required by such Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace, or where no Deputy Lieutenant shall attend, then by any two or more Justices of the Peace, make out an Account of the respective Sums of Money by him received and paid in pursuance of this Act, to be by them examined, allowed, and signed; and the Account so examined, allowed, and Iigned, shall be and is hereby directed to be the proper Voucher and Acquittal of such Clerk for the Application and Disposal of such Money.

" His Majesty mav embody Remainder of Militia, §135. When like Proceedings shall be had as before, §136. " Such Part of Militia as is not embodied may be drawn out to be exercised, §137. Regulations for Attend- ance of Officers, &c. on embodying Militia, §138. His Majesty may from Time to Time disembody Mi-u litia, and re-embody them, §1 39. Militia, when discinhodicd, shall be subject to such Orders only as before being drawn out, §140." [aj under §140 — 145 of cap. 90. J

CXLI. And whereas it may be expedient, that in all Cases of actual Invasion or of imminent Danger of Invasion, and in case of Rebellion, his Majesty ffiouldbe empowered to increase, without Delay, the Number of Militia Forces, for the more effectual Protection and Defence of this Realm be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty (the Occasion being first communicated to Parliament, 'if Parliament shall be then fitting, or declared in Council, and notified by Proclamation, if no Parliament shall be then fitting or in being) to order and dire Cl, by his Royal Proclamation, that, in Addition to the Number of Men required by or under the foregoing Provisions of this Act! to be raised by the several Counties, Stcivartries, Cities, and Places herein mentioned, there shall be forthwith raised and enrolled in the said several Counties, Stewartries, Cities,

and

50

Lieutenants shall also ilfuc Qsders to Oief Constables, See. for assembling She Men within their ref(ective Subeivisions; whereupon School mailers. See. shall give Notice* for the Men to attend.

Allowance to Men attending the Ballot, and not l-eing choien.

Subdivision Clerks may draw on the Collectors of Land Tax for Amount of such Allowances,

Such Clerks shall account.

Tn case of Invasion or Rebellion, his Majesty may by Proclamation increase the Militia, not exceeding Half the Number required by this A<*b and the County Lieutenants and Deputies shall apportion the Number, and proceed to uile and enroll the Men, at such Time as shall be specified in the Proclamation.

Supplementary Militia Men shall make Part of the Regiment, and additional Officers, &c. shall be appointed as for the Regiment. Number of Companies in each Regiment.

Additional Major to increased Regiments.

By whom such additional Major shall be appointed*

Except where a County cannot furnish one Company.

County Lieutenants, Sec. shall annually transmit certified Returns of the Militia to the Clerk of the Commissioners of Supply to be kept among their Records;

or Clerk of the Commissioners of Supply shall ertify the Default. (See $ 163.)

Where the Quota of any County, &c. shall not be raised, iol. shall be paid annually for each Man deficient, for which the Cumin iflionera of Supply shall make an Assessment. (See164.)

and Places, any Number of Men not exceeding the Proportion of one Half of the whole Number of Men before required by or under this Act to be raised by each County, Stewartry, City, and Place; and the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants respectively of the said Counties, Stewartnes, Cities, and Places, shall immediately on the issuing of any such Proclamation, assemble and forthwith proceed to apportion the Number of Men required to be raised in their respective Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, among the several Parishes or Places therein respectively, and shall thereafter proceed to raise and enrol such Men at such Time or Times as shall be specified for that Purpose in such Proclamation j and all the Powers, Provisions, Regulations, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Bounties, Allowances, Clauses, Matters, and Thirigs in this Act contained relative to the Militia, shall be applied, practised, enforced, and put in Execution, for the raising, training, and exercis-ing, and for the embodying and calling out into actual Service the Supplementary Militia, so ordered and directed to be raised and enrolled, in as full and ample a Manner, in every Respect, as far as the same can be applied and put in force, as if the said Number of Men so added to the Militia had been included in the Number of Men required and directed to be raised by virtue of this Act.

" In such Case Parliament shall be called together, §14z. His Majesty, by Proclamation, may reduce and " disembody such Supplementary Militia, but the Privates shall remain liable to serve for the Periods for which enrolled, and shall supply Vacancies only for the Places where originally enrolled, §143." [or under §147, 44 148, of cap. 90.]

CXLIV. And be it further enacted, That where the Militia shall be increased in Manner above directed, the Men raised and enrolled for such Supplementary Militia shall be added to and make Part of the Regiment or Battalion of the County, forming of itself one Regiment or Battalion, or of the Regiment or Battalion composed of the Counties, Stewartnes, Cities, or Places for which they shall be so raised and enrolled; and the additional Number of Captains, Lieutenants, and Ensigns, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, necessary for such Supplementary Militia, shall be appointed in the Manner above directed in the Case of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia to which such Supplementary Militia shall be added.

CXLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Regiment shall be composed of more than twelve Companies; and that no Regiment confiding of less than one thousand private Men, shall be formed into more than ten Companies.

CXLVI. And be it further enacted, That, in every Regiment or Battalion which shall be increased by such Supplementary Militia to the Number of eight hundred private Men or upwards, one Major shall be added to every such Regiment or Battalion, so that to every Regiment or Battalion so increased to not less than eight hundred private Men, there may be one Colonel, one Lieutenant Colonel, and two Majors.

CXLVII. And be it further enacted, That where two or more Counties, Stewartnes, Cities, or Places, are joined together to form a Battalion, such additional Major of every such Regiment or Battalion increased to eight hundred private Men or upwards, shall be appointed by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place fumiftiing the greatest Number of private Men; and where one County, Stewartry, City, or Place of itself forms one Battalion, then such additional Major shall be appointed by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartnr, City, or Place forming such Battalion.

CXLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any County, Stewartry, City, or Place, does not furnish Men sufficient to form a Company, the Lieutenant of such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, shall not appoint any such additional Field Officers.

CXLIX. 4 And whereas it may happen through Neglect or otherwise, that in some County, Stewartry, City, or Place, the Militia may not be raised according to the Directions of this Act; and it is just and reasonable that

ail his Majesty's Subjects should contribute equally towards the Expence of raising and supporting a Militia for the

Defence of the Realm be it therefore further enacted, That the Lieutenant, or any three Deputy Lieutenants of every County, Stewartry, City, and Place where the Militia shall be raised according to the Directions of this Act, shall, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December in every Year, transmit a Certificate to the Cleric of the Commissioners of Supply of such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, containing an Account of the Names, Number, and Rank of the Officers, and the Number of Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and private Men of the Militia of that Year, and the Time during which such Militia ha^th been trained and exercised; and ever/ such Clerk of Supply shall deliver such Certificate to the Commissioners of Supply at their General Meeting, to be held in the Month of April in every Year, and the same shall be kept amongst the Records of such Meeting; but where no such Certificate shall be received by the Clerk of Supply as aforesaid, he shall certify the same under his Hand to the Commissioners so assembled, and such Certificate of the said Clerk of Supply shall be kept amongst the Records of such Meeting.

CL. And be it further enacted, That in every County, Stewartry, Cityt or Place in which the full Number of Men required by or in pursuance of any of the Provisions of this Act, as the Quota of such County* Stewartry, City, or Place, shall not be raised and completed within six Months after the passing of this Act, or after the same shall have been fixed and established by any subsequent Order of his Majesty in Council aa herein-before directed, then and in every such Case the Sum of ten Pounds shall be annually paid for and in lieu of every private Militia Man less than the Quota of such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, who shall not have been raised within the Time limited by this Act; and the Commissioners of Supply of every such County, Stewartry, City, and Place, assembled at the first General Meeting held in the Month of April in each Year next after the Expiration of the said six Months, shall, upon the Receipt of the Certificate of the Lieutenant, or three Deputy Lieutenants, which Certificate he and they is and are hereby required to transmit to the Clerk of the Commissioners of Supply for such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, in order to be laid before the said Commissioners of Supply, assess the said Sum of ten Pounds per Man as aforesaid upon every such

A.D. 1802.

5°5

42° GEORGII III. C. 91.

County, Stewartry, City, or Place, according to the valued Rent thereof, and in case at any future Time the Number of Men required to be provided for the Militia of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place, according to the several Provisions of this Act, shall not be provided within three Calendar Months after the Lieutenant, or any one of the three Deputy Lieutenants, shall have had Notice from or by the Oi*der of the Commanding Officer of any Regiment or Battalion of such Militia of any such Deficiency, then and in every such Case the Commissioners of Supply aforesaid, assembled at the first Meeting to be holden for the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, after such Deficiency shall have been made known to them by the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, shall rate and assess upon the valued Rent as aforesaid the like Sum of ten Pounds for every Man so deficient as aforesaid, in every County, Stewartry, City, or Place.

CLI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Supply aforesaid, in making any such Rate and Assessment upon the Whole of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place, shall apportion the Sums so to be assessed as aforesaid, and rate and afiefs the same upon the valued Rent of the several Parishes and Places in such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, in the same Proportions in which the Men for the Militia are required to be raised by such Parishes and Places respectively, according to such Apportionment as may have been made thereof in pursuance of this Act9 or to the last Apportionment that shall have been made of Men to be raised by each Parish and Place.

CLII. And be it further enacted, That when in any County, Stewartry, City, or Place, such Deficiency of Men shall arise from the Default of any particular Parish or Place, or Pari files or Places in such County, Stewartry", City, or Place, in not raising the Proportion or re spe Clive Proportions of Men required to be raised by any such Parish or Place, or Parishes or Places, then and in such Cases the said Commissioners of Supply, in making such Rate or Assessment as aforesaid, shall rate and assess all and every such Sum and Sums of Money upon the valued Rent of such Parish or Place, Parishes or Places, that shall have so made Default as aforesaid, in Proportion to the Number of Men by which each of such Parishes or Places shall fall short of the Number of Men required to be raised therein.

CLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Supply assembled at such Meeting as aforesaid, failing or neglecting to make such Rate or Assessment in the Manner by this Act directed, shall be personally liable in a Penalty equal to the Sum for which such Rate or Assessment ought to be so made, to be recovered by a summary Complaint to be made to the Sheriff or Stewart Depute, at the Instance of the Lieutenant or any two Deputy Lieutenants of the County or Stewartry' in which such Rate or Assessment ought to be so made, where such County or Stewartry of itself forms a Regiment or Battalion, and where two or more Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places, are joined together to form a Regiment or Battalion, then at the Instance of the Lieutenant or ?ny two Deputy Lieutenants of any of the Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places, composing such Regiment or Battalion, and the Sums so recovered shall be paid and applied in the same Manner as such Rate or Assessment, if made and levied, would have been paid and applied.

CLIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where there is not sufficient Evidence of the valued Rent of Lands in any Qc^yity or Stewartry, the Assessments and Apportionments thereof hereby directed, shall be made according to the customary Payment of the Land Tax.

CLV. And be it further enacted, That in the Case of Cities, Royal Burghs, and Towns liable to pay such Assessment or an Apportionment thereof as aforesaid, the Magistrates thereof shall, and they are hereby authorized to levy from the Heritors, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of such Cities, Burghs, and Towns, their Proportion cf such Assessment or Apportionment thereof, in such Manner and in the same Proportions as the Cess Stent and oilier publick Burthens and Contributions are in use by Law to be assessed and levied in such Cities, Burghs, and Towns respectively.

CLVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Magistrates of any City, Burgh, or Town, shall neglect or refute to ilent and assess the Heritors, Burgesses, and Inhabitants thereof for such Assessment, or their Apportionment thereof, then the Magistrates of such City, Burgh, or Town so neglecting or refusing, shall he personally liable in a Penalty equal to the said Assessment, or their Apportionment thereof, to be recovered by summary Complaint to the Sheriff or Stewart Depute of the County or Steivartry in which such City, Burgh, or Town is situated, at the Instance of the Collector of the Land Tax of the County or Stewartry entitled to Relief by such Assessment or Apportionment thereof, and the Sums so recovered shall be paid and applied in the same Manner as such Assessment, or the Apportionment thereof, if made, would have been paid and applied.

CLVII. And be it further enacted, That where Parishes are partly Landward and partly within Burgh, the Landward Part of the Parish shall be considered as Part of the County or Stewartry liable for the above-mentioned Rate or Assessment, or its Apportionment thereof, and the Part within Burgh shall be included in the Assessment for the Burgh.

CLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Supply of the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places where any such Rate and Assessment shall be made as aforesaid, shall, immediately after the making of any such Rate and Assessment as aforesaid, transmit or cause to be transmitted the several Amounts of the Sums so assessed upon the several Parishes and Places to the Collt&or of the Land Tax of such County, Stewartry, City, or Place; and such Collector shall, as soon as conveniently may be, cause Notice thereof to he given to the respective Persons in the several Parishes and Places upon which any such Rate or Assessment shall have been made as aforesaid; and such Collector shall forthwith levy and collect the same in such Manner as he levies and collects the Cess or Land Tax.

CLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Collector or Collectors levying and collecting any such Sum or Sums of Money, shall retain such Sum or Sums of Money in his or their Hands for three Calendar Months after the Receipt thereof; and during the said Period of three Months it shall be lawful for any Deputy Litu-42 Geo. III. 3 T tenant

Such AfTdf-ment > shall be mailt* on each Patish proportionally.

When Deficiency shall aiifr in any pai v< ul.»r Places, AfTt fi-nient shall be made thereon.

Commission era ol* Supply billing to make such A fit lf-ments, shall be personally liable for the Amount, which maybe rt -corned by Internary Complaint of the County Lieutenant. When AlTefl*-ments may be made from the Land T ax.

In Cities. See. the Adeflmenu shall be levied as the Cess StcnL

Magistratet neglecting to make such Af« fefTmenls in Cities, Sec. (halt be personally liable, on Cum* plaint of Land Tax Collector.,

Rating of Parishes partly Landward and partly within Burgh.

Commissioner* of Supply shall transmit

Ami'imtofSi.ms a defied to Collector of L-n!'Tax, who ll. dl levy it on l\ r-fons adit-fled.

Collator- shall retain futh Money in their Hands tbica

506

Months, and pay thereout Bounties to any Volante ers raised by Deputy Lieutenant*, and the Balance to ti e Receiver Gone-Mi oi Scotland.

WhereaTovm

Jit s in twuCoun-tie; , AlRffments shall he paid where the Church hands.

When Assessment is paid to the Receiver General for .Scotland, the 1-Mace shall be indemnified for -not raising its i^uotathat Year. Such Payment shall be certified to the Treasury, and the Money paid into the Exchequer, and disposed of by PatlianienL Allowance to Collector of Land Tax.

Clerk of Supply shall annually

Han (mil Copies of Certificates from County Lieutenants, &c. and hi > own Cei-tihrate of their Omission, to the Britons ol Ex-u.equer, and Co.'U dtnr of the J.H'.d Tax, Uc.

nd lH.i'1 olio*( i lily OnurTions of Commissioners of Supply to ratio Money, to the K ing's A'to: ney in Exchequer, who lhJio.mpel them to do it.

King's Attor-n< y in Ext hc-ej'.t"-: shall rom-j r| Pa) meat of the iol. per Man. (Art'

'SO.)

C. 91. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

tenant of the Subdivision of the said County, Stewartry, City, or Place within which such Parish or Place shall he situate, to raise any Volunteer or Volunteers for Inch Militia, in lieu of such Man or Men as shall be so deficient as aforesaid, and to agree with every such Volunteer for a Bounty not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds; and the Deputy Lieutenants before whom any such Volunteer shall be duly examined, approved, sworn, and enrolled to serve in the Militia, shall make an Ordtr upon such Collector or Collectors for the Payment of such Bounty; and upon the Production to such Collector or Collectors of a Certificate, under the Hands of such Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, of any such Volunteer having been duly examined, approved, sworn, and enrolled to serve in the Militia, and of such Order for the Payment of such Bouhty as aforesaid, and of a Certificate under the Hands of the Commanding Officer of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia of such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, of such Man having joiued his Regiment or Battalion, such Collector or Collectors shall, and he and they is and are hereby respectively required to pay out of such Money in his or their Hands as aforesaid, any Sum of Money, not exceeding the said Sum of ten Pounds, for each of such Volunteers as aforesaid; and such Collector or Collectors shall, at the Expiration of three Months after die Receipt of such Money as aforesaid, pay all Sums of Money as may have come into his or their Hands for and on account of any such Fines as aforesaid, and as shall not have been paid for and on account of any such Volunteer as aforesaid in Manner herein directed, to the Receiver General of Scotland, in the same Manner as such Collector or Collectors pay the Cess or Land Tax levied by them to such Receiver General, who shall keep an Account thereof as herein after directed.

CLX. 4 And whereas there are some Towns and Places which lie in two Counties or Stewartries, and Doubts may arise whether such Towns and Places are obliged to pay to both Counties or Stewartries towards raising the said Moneybe it therefore further enacted, That where any Town or Place lies in two Counties-or Stewartries, or Part thereof in a County and Part in a Stewartry, the Proportion of the said Money to be paid for such Town or Place in lieu of raising the Militia as aforesaid, shall be paid to the Collector of the Land Tax of the County or Stewartry wherein the Church of such Town or Place is situate.

CLXI. And be it further enacted, That every Collector of the Land Tax to whom any such Money shall be paid, shall give a Receipt for such Money to the Person or Persons paying the fame, which Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for such Payment; and that when the whole Sum directed to be raised in any County, Stewartry, City, or Place as aforesaid, shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General for Scotland, in pursuance of this Act, such Payment shall be a full Discharge and Indemnification to such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, for the Failure or Neglect in raising and training the Number of Men of the Militia for tllar Year in respect whereof such Payment shall be made; and the Receiver General of Scotland shall, within ten Days after the Receipt of any such Money, certify such Receipt to the Lord High Treasurer and Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, and forthwith pay the same into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the Money so paid into the Exchequer shall be kept separate and apart from all other Money, and shall be accounted for yearly to Parliament, and disposed of as Parliament shall direCf; and no Fee or Gratuity.whatsoever shall be given or paid to any Officer of the Exchequer for or on account of receiving or issuing any such Money.*

CLXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Collector of the Land Tax of every County, Stewartry, City, or Place in which any such Money shall be raised as aforesaid, shall be allowed for his Pains and Trouble the Sum of one Penny in the Pound upon the whole Sum so by him received and paid; which Allowance every such Collector is hereby authorized to detain in his Hands out of the Money so received by him, before Payment made to the Receiver General of Scotland as aforesaid.

CLXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of Supply for every County, Stewartry, City, or Place, shall and he is hereby required, within fourteen Days next alter the first Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply to be held next after the twenty-fifth Day of December yearly, to transmit to the Lord Chief Baron and other Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and also to the Collector of the Land Tax for such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, a Copy, signed by such Clerk of Supply, of every Certificate which he shall have received from the Lieutenant or any three Deputy Lieutenants of such County, Stewartry, City, or Place as aforesaid; and where such Certificate shall be omitted to be delivered, the Clerk of Supply shall certify such Omission to the Lord Chief Baron and other Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and also to the Collector of the Land Tax, and that such Clerk of Supply hath certified the same to the Commissioners of Supply at such Meeting, and required such Commissioners to proceed according to the Directions of this Act; and such Clerk of Supply shall also certify what Proceedings have been had at such Meeting in relation to the afieffing and raising of the said Money, where the Militia shall not have been raised; and in case such Commissioners of Supply shall omit, neglect, or refuse to proceed to raise the said Money according to the Directions of this Act, then the Clerk of Supply of such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, shall, and lie is hereby required, within fourteen Days next after such General Meeting, to certify to his Majesty's Attorney in Exchequer in Scotland such Omission, Neglect, or Refusal of such Commissioners, and the Names of the Commissioners who shall be present at such Meeting; and the King's Attorney in Exchequer is hereby required, on Receipt of such Certificate, forthwith to proceed by all such legal Ways and Means as shall be most effectual and expeditious, to compel such Commissioners to pay due Obedience to this Att, and to cuufe the said Money to be raised, collected, and paid.

CLXIV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Sum of ten Pounds per Man to be raised and paid in any such County, Stewartry, City, or Place as aforesaid, shall not be levied, collected, and paid into the Exchequer at V/cJlminster in Manner hertin-before directed, his Majesty's Attorney in Exchequer in Scotland is hereby required forthwith, upon Knowledge or Information thereof, to proceed by all such legal Ways and Means as shall be most effectual and expeditious to compel the levying and collecting of such Money, and the Payment-thereof into the Exchequer as aforesaid.

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 91.

CLXV. And be it farther enacted, That if any Clerk of Supply shall refuse or wilfully neglect to receive, deliver, make, record, or transmit any such Certificates as aforesaid, according to the Directions and true Meaning of this Act, every such Clerk of Supply so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and shall also forfeit his Office, and be rendered incapable of having, receiving,

or holding any Office of Trust, Civil or Military, under the Crown; and if any Collector of the Land Tax, Chief Constable, Petty Constable, or other Officer, who ought to act and affiil in the raising and collecting of the said Money, shall wilfully omit, neglect, or refuse to act or assist therein, according to the Directions and true Meaning of this Act, every such Collector of the Land Tax so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds; and every such Chief Constable so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds; and every such Petty Constable and other Officer so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds; and the King's Attorney in Exchequer aforesaid shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to lay the same before his Majesty's Advocate for Scotland, who is also hereby required, with all due Diligence, to prosecute with Effect all such Commissioners of Supply, Collectors of the Land Tax, and other Officers who shall omit, neglect, or refuse to perform the Duty required of them respectively by this Act, touching the raising, collecting, and paying of the said Money; and in case his Majesty's Attorney in Exchequer aforesaid shall wilfully omit or delay to proceed against any such Justice of the Peace, Collector of the Land Tax, or other Officers as aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

u Provisions of 24 Geo. 2. c. 44. extended to County Lieutenants, 8cc, §166." [jj §171 of cap. 90.]

CLXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Acceptance of a Commission in the Militia shall not vacate the Seat of any Member returned to serve in Parliament.

" Men may be absent at Elections of Members, §168. Serjeants, &c. or Men, not liable to serve as Peace u Officers, §169." [as 173, 174, of cap. 90.]

CLXX. And be it further enacted, That every Person having served in the Militia when drawn out into actual Service, being a married Man, may set up and exercise any Trade in any Town or Place within Great Britain, without any Let, Suit, or Molestation of or from any Person or Persons whomsoever, for or by reason of using or exercising such Trade, as freely and with the same Provisions, and under the same Regulations, as any Mariner or Soldier can or may do by virtue of an Act, passed in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencible Me n, since the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to exercise Trades; and no such Militia Man shall be liable to be removed out of any such Town or Place.

CLXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Allowances to be made to Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Officers, for their Trouble in the Execution of this Act, shall be given as follows; (videlicet, ) the Amount thereof shall from Time to Time be certified by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, or by any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, to the Lord Chief Baron and Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, who are hereby empowered to reflrift these Claims to such Sums as they shall think reasonable, and to grant Warrant for Payment thereof out of the Revenues of the Land Tax, Assessed Taxes, or Consolidated Duties of Customs and Excise, or any of them, which they shall think moil proper to apply to this Purpose.

CLXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, the Manner of Recovery whereof is not by this Act particularly provided for, which shall exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Complaint, or Information, in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and that all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, the Manner of Recovery whereof it not particularly provided for, which shall not exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall, on Proof upon Oath of the Offence before any two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Effects, by Warrant under the Hands of such Justices, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Person whose Goods and Effects shall have been so distrained and fold; and for Want of sufficient Distress, such Justices are hereby required, in all Cases where no particular Time of Commitment is herein-before directed, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, for any Time not exceeding three Months; and the Money arising by all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, the Application whereof it not ©therwife particularly directed by this Act, shall be paid to the Clerk, or (where there are no Clerks) to the Commanding Officers of the respective Regiments or Battalions of Militia t>f the respective Counties, Stewartriet, Cities, or Races where such Offences shall have been respectively committed, and shall be made Part of the publick Stock of such Regiments or Battalions of Militia respectively.

CLXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order of Conviction made by any Lieutenant of any County, 8tewartry, City, or Place, or by any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or by any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any one Justice of the Peace, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of this Act, shall be removed by Bill of Advocation out of the County, Stewartry, City, Town, or Place wherein such Order or Conviction shall have been made, to the Court of Session; and that no Bill of Advocation or Suspension shall supersede Execution or other Proceeding upon any such Order or Conviction so made in pursuance of this Act; but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be forthwith had and made thereupon immediately upon Conviction.

507

Penalties for Neglect on Clerks of Supply, Collectors of Land Tax, Chief Con-liable*, King's Attorney in Exchequer, &c.

King's Attorney shall lay Offences before King's Advocate, &c.

Commissions Hull not vacate Seats.

Married Militia Men may exercise Trades in Great Britain, as Soldiers, under4 G. 3. c. 4.

How Allowances foSckoolmasters, fcc. Bull be paid.

Recovery and

Application of Penalties where not othonrife directed.

No Ofdw re moveable Hr

bill ot Advocation, &c.

508 C. 91, 92.

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

[General Issue.]

Limitation of Anions, six Months, Venue.

Treble C jfts.

31 G. 3. c. 4.

[amended by 38 G. 3. cr. 50. 77. and last continued by 41 G. 3. c. 24.]

Atitns not parting this Realm when ordered by Proclamation, See. may be committed to Gaol.

Penalty on Aliens disobey-: ng Proclamations, See. Imprisonment and Transpovtation.

One Secretary of State, See. may grant Warrants to conduct such Aliens out of the Kingdom, as will not obey Proclamations, See.

Privy Council may judge of Alien's Excuse.

Matters of Vessels shall, on their Arrival, declare in Writ-

CLXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought against any Person or Per-

foils for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within fix Month* next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and iliali be laid in the County, Stewartry, City, or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere, unless before the Court of Exchequer in the Cases allowed by this Act; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Defendant or Defendants shall be affoilzicd in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or difaontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in other Cases to recover Cods by the Laws of Scotland.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refer.

[These are precisely to the same Import as the Schedules annexed to cap. 90. for the English Militia. The N. B* at the End of Schedule C. is omitted

CAP. XCII.

An Act for repealing several Acts for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases \ and for substituting other Provisions in lieu thereof.

[26th June 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or ref. dent therein, in certain Cases,

divers rrovisions were made respecting Aliens arriving in Great Britain, and resident therein; which

Act has been continued by subsequent Acts, and amended by two several Acts passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty: And whereas it is expedient that the said several Acts should be

repealed, and that other Provisions should be made in lieu thereof be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That when and so often as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall by his or their Proclamation, or by his or their Order in Council, or Order under his or their Sign Manual, or the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, and the Privy Council of that Part of this Realm, or United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, called Ireland, shall* by Proclamation, or by Order of Council, direct that any Alien or Aliens, who may be within this Realm, or who may hereafter arrive therein, shall depart this Realm within a Time limited in any such Proclamation or Order respectively; and any such Alien shall knowingly and wilfully refuse or neglect to pay due Obedience to such Proclamation or Order respectively, or shall be found in this Realm, or any Part thereof, contrary to such Proclamation or Order, as the Case may be, it shall be lawful for any of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, or for any Justice of the Peace, or for any Mayor or Chief Magistrate of any City or Place, to cause every such Alien to be arrested, and to be committed to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where he or she shall be so arrested, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he or she shall be taken in Charge for the Purpose of being sent out of the Realm, under the Authority herein after given for that Purpose.

II. And be it further enacted, That every such Alien so knowingly and wilfully refusing or neglecting to pay due Obedience to any such Proclamation or Order as aforesaid, or being found in this Realm, or any Part thereof, contrary to such Proclamation or Order, and who shall be lawfully convicted thereof in his Majesty's Courts of King's Bench in Westminster or in Dublin, or in any Court of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery, in England or Ireland\ or Great Sessions in Wales, or Court of Justiciary in Scotland, may, at the Discretion of such Courts respectively, be adjudged to suffer Imprisonment for any Time not exceeding one Month for the first Offence, and not exceeding twelve Months for the second Offence, and at the Expiration of any such Term of Imprisonment as aforesaid, to depart out of the Realm within a Time to be limited by such Judgment; and if such Alien shall be found therein after such Time in such Judgment so limited, without lawful Cause, such Alien being duly convicted thereof in any such Court as aforesaid, shall be transported for Life.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or the Lord Lieutenant, or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, in any Case in which he or they shall apprehend that any Alien will not pay immediate Obedience to any such Proclamation or Order as aforesaid, or in any Case where any Alien shall have been arrested or committed for Refusal or Neglect to obey any such Order, or shall have been convicted of such Refusal or Neglect, and either before or after such Alien shall have suffered the Punishment inflicted for the fame, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to give such Alien in Charge to one of his Majesty's Messengers, or to any other Person or Persons to whom he shall think proper to direct such Warrant, in order to his or her being conducted out of the Kingdom, and such Alien shall be so conveyed accordingly; and that in case any Excuse shall be alleged by any such Alien, for not complying with such Proclamation or Order, it shall be lawful for the Lords of his Majesty's Privy Council in Great Britain or Ireland to judge of the Validity of such Excuse, and to allow or disallow the fame; and such Alien shall remain in the Custody of such Messenger, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, until the said Lords of his Majesty's Privy Council shall have signified their Determination thereupon.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Master or Commander of every Ship or Vessel which shall arrive in any Port or Place of this Realm, shall, immediately on his Arrival, declare in Writing to the Officer of the Customs especially appointed for that Purpose by the respective Commissioners of the Customs in England^ Ireland\ and Scotland respectively, or by any of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or by the Chief

8 Secretary

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 92.

Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant, or the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, at or near such Port or Place, whether there are or is to the belt of his Knowledge, any Alien or Aliens on board his said Vessel, or who have, to his Knowledge, landed or been landed therefrom, and shall in his said Declaration fptcify the Number of Aliens, if any, on board his laid Vessel, or who have to his Knowledge landed or been so landed therefrom, and also specify their Names and respective Rank, Occupation, or Description, as far as he shall be informed thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Master or Commander of every Ship or Vessel so arriving as aforesaid, who shall rtfufe or neglect to make such Declaration as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds for each and every Alien who shall hare been on board at the Time of the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel, or who shall have to his Knowledge landed or been landed therefrom as aforesaid, whom he shall have wilfully refused or neglected to declare as aforesaid; and in case such Mailer or Commander as aforesaid shall Hegledt or refuse forthwith to pay such Penalty as he shall be adjudged to pay in Manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Officer of the Customs, so appointed as aforesaid, to detain such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, until the same shall have been paid.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein-before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Mariner whom the Master or Commander of any Ship or Vessel, arriving in any Port or Place in this Realm, shall certify to such Officer of the Customs as aforesaid, in Writing, subscribed by such Mailer or Commander, to be actually engaged and employed in the Navigation of such Ship or Vessel, during the Time that such Mariner shall remain lo actually engaged and employed; and which Certificate, in Writing, so subscribed .s aforesaid, every such Master or Commander as aforesaid is hereby required to give,

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Alien who shall arrive in this Realm at any Port or Place therein, after the passing of this Act, shall, immediately after such Arrival, declare in Writing to such Officer of the Customs as aforesaid, at 01 near such Port or Place, the Name of the Ship or Vessel in which he or file shall have come to tins Country, and every Alien who shall so arrive, and also every Alien who shall depart from any Port or Place of this Realm, after the passing of this Act, shall, immediately after such Arrival, or before such Departure respectively, declare in like Manner to such Officer as aforesaid, his or her Name and Rank, Occupation or Description, or if a domestick Servant, then also the Name, Rank, and Description of his or her Miller or Mi ft refs or shall verbally make to such Officer as aforesaid such Declaration, to be by him reduced to Writing, and shall also in like Manner declare the Country or Place from whence he or file shall then have come, and the Place to which he or fbt is then going, his or her Profession or Occupation, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Person to whom (if any) he or she is known; and that every such Alien coming into this Realm, who shall neglect to make Declaration of the aforesaid Particulars, or who shall wilfully make any false Declaration thereof, may for every such Offence, on Conviction thereof in his Majesty's Court of King's Bench at Westmity/lcr or in Dublin, or in any Court of Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery in England or Ireland\ or Great Sessions in Wales, or Justiciary Court in Scotland, be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding three Months, or may, at the Discretion of such Court, be adjudged to depart out of this Realm, and all other his Majesty's Dominions, within a Time to be limited in such Judgment; and if he or file shall be found therein after such Time in such Judgment so limited, without lawful Cause, he or file shall, being duly convicted thereof, be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding twelve Months, and at the Expiration of such Term of Imprisonment as aforesaid, to be lent out of the Realm; and if such Alien be found therein after such Time in such Judgment so limited, without lawful Cause, such Alien, being duly convicted thereof in any such Court as aforesaid, shall be transported for Life.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Officer of the Customs so appointed as aforesaid, to whom such Declaration shall be made, or Particulars delivered as aforesaid, shall immediately register the same in a Book to be kept by him for that Purpose; in which Book Certificates shall be printed in Blank, and Counterparts thereof, in the Form following

Ship's Name. Alien's Name am Description. From whence. Whithergoing .I Profession, &c. To whom known. Remarks.

mm Sti m tilllSfl

Ship's Name. Alien's Name and Description. From whence. [ Whithergoing, , j Professon, See. To whom known.

And

509

ing lo an appointed Officer of the Cidioms, the Number of Aliens on board* &c.

Penalty on Walter neglifting to make such Dtclnia-ri »c, to!, for 1 nc h Alien on bvJttL

Act not to extend to Mariners rertihtd to be omploved in navigating the Ship.

Alien51, on their Arrival, and Depaiturc, Hull de< hue lo the Osheer of the Customs heir Names, See.

Penalty on

Alims arming, who shall niv.lcct lo make such De<. la ration, &c. Inipi ilbnment and Transpor-tation.

Officer of the Customs shall register such Declarations.

Form of Certificate.

5io

Aliens (except domed it k. Servants) shall, within a Week alter their Arrival, produce their Certificate! to the Chief Mag id rate, Sec. or if Certificate is loft, deliver an Account of the Particulars.

Penalty, Imprisonment and Transportation,

Justices shall grant Certificates in lieu of any loft. See.

Officer of Customs and Magi ft rates shall weekly transmit Copies of Entries, See. to Secretary of State, &c.

No Fee for granting Certificates, on Penalty of 50l.

Penalty on Officers of Customs for Neglectc, XOOl.

Penalty on forging, See. Certificates, Imprisonoient.

Exception of Ambassadors and their Servants,

and of Aliens tinder 14.

C. 92. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

And shall insert therein the several Particulars by this Act required, in their proper Columns in both Parts thereof, expressing such Particulars as shall be inserted in the Column of Remarks, which shall be entered only in one of such Columns, and shall then and there cut off one part thereof, through the Flourish or Device between the two Parts thereof, and deliver, without Fee or other Charge, one Part, containing all the Particulars contained in such Entry, excepting such thereof as shall be contained in the Column of Remarks, to the Alien who shall have made such Declaration, or delivered such Particulars according to the Provisions of this Act; and the Officer keeping or having the Care of such Book, shall also enter, or cause to be entered therein, an Alphabetical Lift and Index of the Names of the Aliens, in respect of whom such Entries shall be made therein as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Alien arriving in this Realm after the passing of this Act, except such domeilick Servants as aforesaid, shall, within one Week after his or her arriving at the Place which shall be expressed in the Certificate delivered to him or her as aforesaid, as the Place to which he or she proposes to go, produce such Certificate to the Chief Magistrate of the Town or Place in which he or she (halkbe; and if there be no Chief Magistrate in such Town or Place, then and in such Case to feme one of the Justices of the Peace in and for the County, City, Town, or District in which such Alien shall be, or to sech Person or Persons as shall be authorized to that Effect by such Chief Magistrate or Justice, as the Case may be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal; or in case such Certificate shall be loft, shall deliver a full and true Account of all the Particulars that shall have been contained in such Certificate; and that every such Alien as aforesaid, who shall so neglect or refuse to produce such Certificate as aforesaid, or deliver such Account as aforesaid, or who shall wilfully deliver any false Account to such Magistrate or Justice respecting any of the Particular* herein-before mentioned, on Conviction thereof before any two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, or District in which such Alien shall be, may be adjudged, at the Discretion of such Justices, for the first Offence to suffer Imprisonment for any Time not exceeding one Month, and for the second Offence to depart out of the Realm within a Time to be limited by such Justices; and if such Alien ftxaU be found therein after such Time fe limited, without lawful Cause, he or she shall, being duly convicted thereof, be transported for Life.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Certificate issued to any Alien by virtue of this Act, shall be loft, mislaid, or destroyed, and such Alien shall produce to one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, from the Officers of the Customs so appointed as afomaid, at the Port where such Alien shall have arrived, or from the Office of one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or from the Office of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or of the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, a Copy of the Passport or Certificate so loft, mislaid, or destroyed, and shall make it appear, to the Satisfaction of such Justice, that he or she is the Person named in such Passport or Certificate, and that the same has been loft, mislaid, or destroyed, without his or her wilful Neglect or Default, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required to grant to such Alien a fresh Passport or Certificate, which shall be of the like Force and Effect as the Passport or Certificate so loft, mislaid, or destroyed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every such Custom House Officer shall every Week, or oftener if he thinks fit or be required, and every Magistrate or Justice to whom any such Certificate or Account shall be produced or delivered as aforesaid, shall, within one Week after the lame shall have been so produced or delivered as aforesaid, transmit, if in Great Britain to one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and if in Ireland to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland* true and exact Copies of all such Entries, Certificates, and Accounts respectively made by or delivered to any such Custom House Officer, Magistrate, or Justice respectively, by virtue of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Certificates and Notices herein-before required to be given by any Officer of the Customs appointed for that Purpose, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace or other Magistrates respectively, shall be given without any Fee or Reward whatsoever; and every such Officer of the Customs, or Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, or other Person, who shall take any Fee or Reward, or Sum of Money, of any Alien for any Certificate, or other Matter or Thing under this Act, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and every Officer of the Customs appointed for that Purpose as aforesaid, who shall refuse or neglect to make any such Entry as aforesaid, or grant any Certificate thereon in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, or shall knowingly make any false Entry, or neglect to return the Copies thereof in Manner directed by this Act, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause to be forged, counterfeited, or akered, or shall utter, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, any Certificate herein directed to be obtained, or shall obtain any such Certificate under any other Name or Description than the true Name and Description of such Alien (without disclosing to the Person granting such Certificate the true Name and Description of such Alien, and the Reason for concealing the fame), or shall falseiy pretend to be the Person intended to be named and described in any such Certificate, every Person so offending, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall suffer Imprisonment in the common Gaol for any Time not exceeding one Year.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no foreign Ambassador, or other publick Minister duly authorized, nor the doraestick Servants of any such Foreign Ambassador or publick Minister, registered as such according to the Directions of the Laws in force for that Purpose, or Being actually attendant upon such Ambassador or Minister, shall be deemed an Alien within the Meaning of this Act.

XV. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall affect any Alien in respect of any Act done or omitted to be done, who shall make it appear that he or she was not above the Age of Fourteen Years at the Time when such Act was so done or omitted to be done: Provided always, That if any Question shall arise

whether

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 92.

whether any Person alleged to he an Alien, and subject to the Provisions of this Act, or any of them, is an Alien or not, or is or is not an Alien subject to the said Provisions or any of them, the Proof that such Peidbn is, or by Law is to be deemed to he a natural-born Subject of his Majesty, or Denizen of this Kingdom, or naturalized by Act of Parliament, or if an Alien is not subject to the Provisions in this Act contained, or any of them, by reason of any Exception contained in this Act, or which shall he expressed in any Proclamation or Order in Council as aforesaid, or in any Special Warrant from one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland*, or his or their Cliicf Secretary as aforesaid, shall lie on the Person so alleged to be an Alien, and to be subject to the Provisions of this A£, some or one of them.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Case in which Power is given by this Act to commit any Alien to Gaol, without Bail or Mainprize, it shall and may be lawful for any of the Justices of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or for any of the Barons in Great Britain or Ireland, being of the Degree of the Coif, or for the Lord Justice Clerk, or any of the Commissioners of Justiciary in Scotland, if upon Application made he shall see sufficient Cause to presume that such Person is not within the Description limited by this Act in the different Cases herein mentioned, to admit such Person to Bail, he or ftie giving sufficient Security for his or her Appearance to answer the Matters alleged against him or her.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to admit any Alien to Bail who shall have been committed by virtue of this Act, such Justice being authorized so to do by Warrant of one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, for that Purpose, specifying the Security to be taken by such Justice.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases concerning the Execution of this Act, when any Question shall arise whether any Person is or is not an Alien born, not having obtained Letters Patent of Denization, nor having been naturalized by Act of Parliament, is or is not such a domeflick Servant as aforesaid, the Proof of being a natural-born Subject of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successora, or of being a Denizen by Letters Patent, or of Naturalization by Act of Parliament, or of being such a domestick Servant as aforesaid, shall lie upon the Person touching whom such Question shall so arise.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which any Person shall be adjudged to be transported in pursuance of this Act, the Transportation shall he adjudged to be, and shall be to such Place or Places as his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council in Great Britain, or the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and Privy Council in Ireland, shall direct or appoint.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person ordered or adjudged to be transported in pursuance t)f this Act, shall escape out of Custody previous to such Sentences of Transportation being carried into Execution, or shall, after having been transported, be found at large within this Realm, he or she shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

XXI. 4 And whereas by a Treaty made between his Majesty and the French Republick, his Catholick Majesty, and the Batavian Republick, it was agreed that the contrafting Parties shall, on Requifttions made by them respectively, or by their Ministers or Officers duly authorized to make the fame, deliver up to Justice, Persons

accused of Crimes of Murder, Forgery* or fraudulent Bankruptcy, committed within the Jurisdiction of the requiring Party; provided that this shall be done only when the Evidence of the Criminality shall be so autheu-

ticated as that the Laws of the Country where the Person so accused shall be found, would justify his Appre-

hension and Commitment for Trial, if the Offence had been there committed; and that the Expences of such Apprehension and Delivery shall be borne and defrayed by those who make the Requisition: And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for carrying the same into Effect $' be it therefore enacted, That in case Requisition shall at any Time he made in pursuance of and according to the said Article for the Delivery of any Person accused of the Crime of Murder, or of Forgery, or of fraudulent Bankruptcy respectively, committed after the Conehifion of the said Treaty, within the Jurisdiction of the French Republick, his Catholick Majesty, or the Batavian Republick respectively, it shall be lawful for one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and the Chief Secretary of the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by Warrant under his Hand snd Seal, to signify that such Requisition has been so made, and to require all Justic.es of the Peace, and other Magistrates ana Officers of Justice*, to govern themselves accordingly, and to be aiding and assisting in apprehending the Person so accused, and committing such Person for the Purpose of being delivered up to Justice, according to the Provisions in the said Article; and thereupon it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, or other Person having Power to commit for Trial Persons accused of Crimes against the Lawrs of this Kingdom, to examine upon Oath any Persons or Person touching the Truth of such Charge, and upon such Evidence ae, according to the Laws of this Kingdom, would justify the Apprehension and Commitment for Trial of the Person so accused, if the Crime of which he shall he so accused had been committed in this Kingdom, k shall be lawful for such Justice of the Peace, or other Person having Power to commit as aforesaid, to commit the Person so accused to his Majesty's G*.ol, there to remain until delivered pursuant to such Requisition as aforesaid; and thereupon it shall be lawful for one of his Majesty's Secretaries of State, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order the Person so committed to he delivered to such Person or Persons as shall be authorized by the said French Republick, his Catholick Majesty, or the Batavian Republick, as the Case may be, to receive the Person so committed, and convey such Person to the Dominions of the said French Republick, his Catholick Majesty, or the Batavian Republick, as the Case may be, to be tried for the Crime of which such Person shall be so accused; or if the Person so accused shall escape out of any Custody to which he shall he committed as aforesaid, it shall be lawful to retake such Person in the same Manner as any Person accused of any Crime against the Laws of this Kingdom may be retaken upon an Escape, so that such Person so ac-

1*cufed

511

Proof whether

any Person is or is n< t an Alien, Vt. shall I'e on the Party. Set §18.]

Judges of the

fupc» ioi Courts may admit Aliens to Hail;

or nny Justice of Peat'e, by Authority of a Secretary of Sl.itc, &c.

Proof of not being nn Alien, or being a domes-tick. Servant,

&c. shall lie on the Party.

Transportation shall be whither his Majesty, &c. shall appoint.

Penalty on Person* oidered fur Transportation found within the Realm, Felony without Clergy,

In case of Rc-quifiiion made ptitfuani to

Treaty with Fiance. &c. for Delivery of Per-suns accused of Crimes, a Secretary of St 'to, kc. shall signify the fame, and require Magistrates. See. to apprehend the Persons accus-od, and deliver them over to Justice.

5*2

When Alien* I'-iVe l.teu in Culhxly i'.>»* two Months, Dr; mv nut Completed, Judges ot' the iupnior Courts, &c. may order tucin <j be contimi.or dilciiur^cd.

G. 3. c. 50.

9. nuulc pot petu id.

Recovery and Application of Penalties above jdI.

not exceeding.aol.

No Certiorari*

Parish toners may be Wit* suites.

P'.wrr; to T.oid

Jbe-uu n mt of 3 1.1.If).ill

r*e >U; ul U j\ !: < ns in Cleat 1-: f. tiil.

r 1.1-1 iti att ' frull -'t only \\ ithiu ttii Ir JuuUiic-

19 G. 3. c, c6.

§ .2.

[>: G. 3.

5=0

C. 92, 93. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

cufed as aforesaid may be effectually delivered up to Justice, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Article of the said Treaty.

XXII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That where any Alien who shall have been committed under this Act, to remain until he* or (lie shall be taken in Charge for the Purpose of being lent out of the Realm, shall m: be font out of the Realm within two Calendar Months after such Commitment, or where any Alien who shall.: ve been committed as aforesaid, to remain until delivered pursuant to lueh Requisition as aforesaid, shall noi be delivered pursuant to such Requisition as aforesaid within two Calendar Months after such Commitment, it shall, in every such Case, be lawful for any of the Justices of his Majesty's Court of Record at Weuiinsler or in Dublin, or for any of the Barons in Grr.il Britain or Ireland, being of the Degree of the Coif, or for the Lord Justice Clerk, or any of the Commissioners of Judiciary in Scotland, upon Application made to him or them by or on the Behalf of the Per Pm so committed, and upon Proof made to him or them that reasonable Notice of the Intention te make such Application had been given to some or one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State in Great Britain, or to the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, according to his or their Discretion to order the Person so committed to he continued in or discharged out of Custody.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, as exempts certain Persons therein described from being arrested, imprisoned, or held to Bail, or to find any Caution for their forthcoming, or paying any Debt, or to be taken in Execution on any Judgment, or by any Caption for any such Debt as is therein mentioned and described, shall be, and the same is hereby made perpetual.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties by this Act imposed, exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds, shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham, or by Action, or summary Bill or Information, in the Courts of Justiciary or Exchequer in Scotland, as the Case shall require, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and all pecuniary Penalties by this Act imposed, not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds, shall, on Conviction of the Offender upon Oath before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, Town, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of stich Justice, rendering to such Offender the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deduding the Charges of such Distress and Sale; and for Want of sufficient Distress, such Justice is hereby required to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, Town, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, for any Time net exceeding six Calendar Months; and that no Writ of Certiorari, or of Advocation or Suspension, shall be allowed to remove the Proceedings of the said Justice, touching the pecuniary Penalties aforesaid, or to supersede or suspend Execution or other Proceeding thereupon.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Inhabitants of any Parish, Township, or Place, shall be deemed and taken to be competent Witt.effes for tlit Purpose of proving the Commission of any Offence against this Act, within the Limits of such Parish, Towuthip, or Pi tee, notwithstanding any Part of the Penalty incurred by such Offence, is given or applicable to the Poor of such Parish, Township, or Place.

Limitation of Actions for Matters done under this Act three Months. General Issue. Treble Costs, §26."

XXVII. Provided nevertheless, ' and it is hereby further That the Powers and Authority given by

tli is Act to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor 01 Gove rnors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, or to the Privy Council of Ireland, shall not exte .d, nr be held or deemed iw extend, to the Case of any Alien arriving or being in that Part of this Realm or United Kingdom called Great Britain; and that the Powers and Authority given by this Act to any Justice of the Peace, Mayor, or Chief Magi ft rate of any City, Town, or Place, shall not extend, or be confirm'd to extend, to give to lueh Magistrates any Authority to ad beyond the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwith-fLnding.

" Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §28."

CAP. XCIII.

An Act for exempting from the Auction Duty ERates and Effects bought in for the Owner, and Goods imported in any Britifu Ship from any BritiJtj Colony in America, or from any Part of the United States; for better collecting and feeuring the Duties of Excise on Wine, Home-made Spirits, Starch, Auctioneers, Rum shipped as Stores, and on Goods or Merchandize chargeable with Duties of Excise; for granting a further Allowance of Salt in the curing and preserving of Pilchards and Scads; and for allowing certain Draining Tiles to be made free of Duty.

[26th June 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for altering, amending, and enforcing so much of an Act, made in the sevenleenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*, intituled An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken

cut by all Persons ailing as Auctioneers, and certain Rates and Duties on all Lands, Houser, Goods, and other Things sold by Autlion, and upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds, and other Instrumentsas rJates to the

Aid hod of granting Licences to Auctioneers, and to the colliding the Duties on FJlatcs and Goods sold by Audi cm, it

is amongst other Things provided, that in case the real Owner of any Estate, Goods, or Effects, put up to

Bale by Way of Auction, shall become the Purchaser by means of his own Bidding, or the Bidding of any

other

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 93. 513

other Person on his Behalf or for liU Use, at such Sale, without Fraud or Collusion, then the respective Cora-€ missioners of Excise in Great Britain, and the Collectors, Supervisors, and other Officers therein mentioned, are

thereby authorised and required to make an Allowance to such Owner of the Duties upon such Bidding; pro.

vided Notice be given to the Auctioneer, before such Bidding, be ih by the Owner and the Person intending to be the Bidder, of the latter being appointed by the former, and having agreed accordingly to bid at the Sale for the Use and Behoof of the Seller, and provided such Notice be verified by the Oath of the Auctioneer, as also

the Fairuefs and Reality of the said Transaction, to the hell of his Knowledge and Belief: And whereas by 2S G. 3.C. 37.

smother Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, among other Things, for §o.

amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise, it was euaded, that no such Allowance should be

made unless Notice in Writing, signed by the Owner, and the Person intended to be the Bidder of the latter, being appointed by the former, and having agreed accordingly to bid at the Sale for the Use and Behoof of the Seller, should have been given to the Auctioneer before such Bidding, nor unless such Delivery of such Notice should be verified upon the Oath of the Auctioneer, as also the Faimefs of the Transaction, to the best of his Knowledge: And whereas divers Estates, Goods, and EfTeds, have been put up to Sale by Way of Auction, and have been bought in for the respective Owners, either by the Bidding of the Agents of such

Owners, or by the Bidding of Persons under Notices in Writing not signed by the several Owners themselves,

but signed by the Agents of such Owners, and also by such Persons intended to he the Bidders of the latter,

bring appointed by the Agents of such Owners, and having agreed accordingly to bid at such respective Sales for the Use and Behoof of the Sellers; and Inilances of the same Kind may frequently occur in future, and it is expedient to make such Provision in respect thereof as is herein after mentioned be it therefore euaded by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Allowance of AnAUowme« tion Duty shall be made to the Owner on any Estate, Goods, or EfTeds, for or in respect whereof the Auction Duties shall not have been actually paid, and which have been or shall be put up to Sale by Way of to the Auction, and bought in for the Owner, either by the Steward or known Agent of the Owner, and actually Owners of Ef-cm ployed in the Management of the Sale of such Estate, Goods, or Efiecls, or under a Notice in Writing, rates put up te signed as well by any such Steward or Agent actually employed as aforesaid, as by the Person intended to be Auction when the Bidder of the latter, pointed by the former, and having agreed accordingly to bid at the Sale for the Use and Behoof of the Seller: Provided always nevertheless, that no such Allowance shall be made for or in Order of an respect of any such Estate, Go ids, or Effcds, bought in for the Owner by any such Steward or Agent, un- a genu less Notice in Writing, signed by such Steward or Agent, of his the said Steward or known Agent's being about to bid for such Owner, shall have been given to the Auctioneer before such Bidding; and such Delivery of Inch Notice, so signed as aforesaid, shall be verified upon the Oath of the Auctioneer, and also the Faimefi and Reality of the Transaction, to the bell of his Knowledge and Belief: Provided also, that no such Allowance shall he made for or in respect of such Estate, Goods, or Effcds, bought in for the Owner under any such Notice in Writing, signed as well by such Steward or Agent as aforesaid, as by the Person intended to be the Bidder, unless such Notice shall have been given to the Auctioneer before such Bidding; and such Delivery of such kill mentioned Notice, so signed as aforesaid, shall be verified upon the Oath of the Auctioneer, as also the Faimefs and Reality of the Transaction, to the bell of his Knowledge and Belief.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Allowance of the Auction Duty for or in respect of All Notices any Estate or Effects whatever, shall be made on account of any Estate or EfTeds having been bought in for shall be produc-the Owner under any written Notice, unless such Notice shall, at the Time appointed by Law for the ^on^Mo the*" Auctioneer's passing his Account of such Sale, be produced by the Auctioneer to the proper Collector, or Officer of Ex-i other Officer of Excise authorized to pass the Account of such Sale, nor unless such Notice shall be left with cife, and Proof such Collector or other Officer; and in case any Dispute shall arise, whether such Purchase by or for the Owner of Faimefs of was not made by Collusion, or in order to lessen the full Sum appointed by the Acts of Parliament in that Calc

made and provided to be paid, or concerning the Fairness of such Traniadion, then and in such Cases the u^nc^ °n* Proof thereof shall lie upon the Person acting as Auctioneer; and on Failure therein, or in case of any unfair Practice, then no such Allowance shall be made as aforesaid; any Thing in this or in any other Ac1 of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. 4 And whereas it is expedient to exempt certain Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and EfTeds herein after Goods imported

mentioned, from the Duty on Auctions; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this in BritishiVessels Act, all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and EfTeds imported in any British Ship or Vessel from any British |^ra^n^|jCbat Colony or Se ttlement in America^ or from any Part of the United States of America, shall and may be sold by Auction Duty-Auction free of the Duty imposed by Law on Goods and Efifeds sold by Auction: Provided nevertheless, that free> on the tuft Slothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or confirm'd to extend, to authorize the Sale of any Sale for the Ira-such Goods or EtTi f the said Duty, unless on the first Sale of such Goods or EfTeds by or for the porter, &c.

Account of the original Importer thereof, by whom the same were entered at the Custom House at the Port

of Importation, nor unless such Sale shall be made within twelve Months next after the Time when such Good> or Effcds shall have been so imported.

IV. 4 And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majest, tuled, 26 G. 3. c. 57.

Am AS for repealing certain Duties now payable on I line, imported, and ft s to $ H-

be collected under the Management of the Commissioners of Fw jc, it was enacted, that all Dcakr.i in and Sellers of Foreign Wine, otherwise than hv Wholesale, who should have or receive into his, her, or their Custody ar y " Cyder, Spirituous Liquors, or other Liquors, should ke ep the same separate and apart from Foreign Wine,

under the Penalty and Forfeiture in and by the said Act in that Behalf provided: And v hereas it i - expedient

that all ar; d every Dealer or Dealers in, or Sell c or Sellers of Foreign Wine, otherwise than by W holciale,

dull have or receive into his, her, or their Custody any Cyder, Spirituous Liquor., or other Liquors*

4a Geo. III. 3 U ' should

514

C-93* 42 GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

Dealers in so-icign Wine, otherwise than Fy Wholesale, shall keep Cyder, Spiiits, and other Liquors, in separate Places from the Wine, on Pain of Forfeiture of 10s. per Gallon, and the Cyder, lee.

Certain Regulations diredUdby 26 G. 3. c. 59.

§ 22. to be observed by Whole-Lie Dealers in foreign Wine, in drawing off Wine, and afterwards departing and removing the fame, extended to .LI Dealers in foreign Wipe.

Permits mny be granted to all Dealers f >r removing foreign Wine, as to Wholesale Dealers under 26 G. 3. c. 59. §33.

2 Geo. 3. c. 5.

S , 9*

should keep the same separate and apart, and in separate Cellars, Vaults, or other Places from their Foreign

Wine be it therefore enacted, That all and every Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine (other than such Dealers in Foreign Wine by Wholesale as mentioned in the said Act), who shall have or receive into his, her, or their Custody any Cyder, Spirituous Liquors, or other Liquors, shall keep the same separate and apart, and in separate Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, or other Places, from their Foreign Wine, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of ten Shillings for every Gallon of Cyder, Spiritous Liquors, or other Liquors, which shall be found in any Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, where any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, otherwise than by Wholesale as aforesaid, shall have or keep any Foreign Wine, together with all such Cyder, Spirituous Liquors, and other Liquors, and the Calks, Bottles, Jars, Vessels, and other Packages containing the fame; and such Cyder, Spirituous Liquors, and other Liquors, Calks, Bottles, Jars, Vessels, and Packages, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

V. 4 And whereas by the said Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid, it was enacted, that all and every Dealer and Dealers in, and Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine by Wholesale, should, before he, she, or they should begin to draw off or bottle any Foreign Wine, give to the Officer of Excise, under whose Survey such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, should then be, six Hours Notice in Writing, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, and twelve Hours Notice in Writing in other Places in Great Britain,

4 of his, her, or their Intention to draw off or bottle any Foreign Wine, and of the Time when, and the particular Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place in which such Foreign Wine was intended to be drawn off or bottled, and the Quantity thereof, and into how many Casks, Bottles, or other Vessels the same was intended to be drawn off or bottled; and if such Wine so intended to be drawn off or bottled should be French Wine, whether the same was French Red Wine or French White Wine, or if such Wine so intended to be drawn off or bottled should not be French Wine, whether the same was Foreign Red Wine not Frenchy or Foreign White Wine not Frenchy and from what particular Cask or other Vefl?l,

4 or Casks or other Vessels, such Wine was intended to be drawn off or bottled; and that such Officer should,

4 if he should deem it expedient so to do, attend to fee such Foreign Wine drawn off or bottled, and that the same should be drawn off or bottled in the Presence of such Officer, if he should attend pursuant to such Notice; and that such Wine should also be packed or piled in the Presence of the Officer of Excift under whose Survey such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, should then be, or in Default of the same being packed or piled in the Presence of such Officer, such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, should immediately, upon such Wine being drawn off or bottled as aforesaid, or in case the Officer should not be then present, then upon such Officer's next Survey, make to such Officer a Declaration into what Bin, or in what particular Part of his Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, or other entered Places, such A Wine was intended to be, or should have been packed, piled, or deposited, and when such Dealer or Dealers,

Seller or Sellers, intended to pack, pile, or deposit the same according to such Declaration, and such Wine should be piled or deposited according to such Declaration; and that no Foreign Wine should be removed from the Bin or Place in which the same should be packed, piled, or deposited, according to the Directions of that Act, into any other Bin or Place in any such Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars,

Vaults, or other entered Places, before such Dealer or Dealers, Seller or Sellers, should have given to such Officer six Hours Notice in Writing within the Limits of the said Chief Office, and twelve Hours Notice in Writing in other Places in Great Britain, of his, her, or their Intention so to remove the fame, and of the particular Bin or Place in any such Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, or other Places to which the same was intended so to be removed, under and subject to the Penalty of fifty Pounds, by the said Act imposed and provided for any Breach or Disobeditnce of the said several recited Regulations and Provisions, subject nevertheless to certain Provisoes in the said Act in that Behalf contained: And whereas it is expedient to extend the said several Regulations and Provisions in the said recited Clause contained, to all Dealers in and Sellers of Foreign Wine be it therefore enacted, That the said several Regulations and Provisions, together with the said Penalty of fifty Pounds in the said recited Clause contained, for any Breach or Disobedience of any of the said Regulations or Provisions, and also the said Provisoes, with the Alterations by this Act made therein, shall and the same are hereby declared to extend to all and every Dealer and Dealers in, and Seller and Sellers of Foreign Wine.

VI. 4 And whereas it is expedient to grant Permits to all Dealers in and Sellers of Foreign Wine for the Removal of Foreign Wine be it therefore further enacted, That Permits shall and may from Time to Time be granted to all Dealers in and Sellers of Foreign Wine, for the Removal of Foreign Wine, in the same Manner, and under and subject to such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are in and by the said Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid, contained, provided, settled, or established, concerning Permits by that Act authorized or directed to be granted or given to Dealers in and Sellers of Foreign Wine by Wholesale, for the Removal of Wine; and all and Angular the said Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, are hereby declared to extend to all Cases relating to Permits authorized to be granted by this Act.

VII. 4 And whereas by an Act, made in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, among other Things, for the better regulating and encouraging the Exportation of British-made Spirits, it was provided and enacted, that nothing in that Act contained should extend to hinder any Maker of Spirits for Exportation, from fending such Spirits (as are in the said Acts in that Behalf particularly mentioned), out of his locked-up Warehouse, to any other Distiller, provided such Maker of Spirits fending the fame, and the Distiller who should receive the same, did, before such Spirits were taken out of the Warehouse, give such Bond as was in the Lid Act in that Behalf directed, in Double the Value of such Spirits, and Double the Duties

they*

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 93.

they would have been liable to if made for Home Consumption, for the due and fair Exportation of such*Spirits, within the Time in that Behalf by the said Act prescribed, and under and subject to the other Regulations in and by the said Act in that Behalf provided: And whereas by the Laws in force at the Time of making the said Act, the said Duties, in the said Act in that Behalf mentioned, were chargeable upon the Low Wines and Spirits made for Home Consumption, but the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits made for Home Consumption were, by an Act made in the twer.ty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, among other Things, for repealing the Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, repealed; and in lieu and Head thereof, other Duties are by the Acts now in force imposed for fermented Wort or Wash, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting Spit its for Home Consumption, and on other Matters and Things in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and in the said Acts in that Behalf particularly mentioned; and it is therefore expedient that every such Bond should be in Double the Duties which would have been chargeable for or in respect of such Quantities of fermented Wort or Wash as is here in-after mentioned, in lieu and instead of such Double Duties of Spirits, and to impose such other Penalties, and make such Provisions as herein after in that Behalf directed; J be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Maker of Spirits for Exportation, fending any such Spirits out of his locked up Warehouse to any other Distiller, and the Distiller who shall receive the same, shall, in lieu and Head of the said Bond so directed to be given as aforesaid, give Bond to Iris Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with sufficient Security, to be approved of as any other Security is directed by the said Act, made in the second Year aforesaid, to be approved, in Double the Value of such Spirits, and Double the Duties which the Wort, Wash, Liquor, or other Preparation from whence such Spirits were made or extracted, would have been charged or chargeable with, had the said Spirits been made from fermented Wort or Wash, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting such Spirits for Home Consumption from Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, reckoning at and after the Rate of one hundred Gallons of such Worts, Wash, Liquor, or other Preparation, for even twenty-four Gallons of such Spirits, for the due and fair Exportation of such Spirits, within three Months next after the Date of each respective Bond, and provided that such Leave be firit obtained, and that such Notice thereof shall have been given to the Officer of Excise, as is in the said Act required, for or in respect of any such Spirits tube sent by the Maker thereof for Exportation out of his locked-up Warehouse, to any other Distiller.

VIII. 4 And whereas by an Act made in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, among other Things for the better regulating and encouraging the Exportation of British-rv/dde Spirits, it was enacted, that, in order the more effectually to prevent Distillers for Exportation from fraudulently removing Wash, Low Wines, or Spirits, if any Decrease should at any Time or Times appear to he found in the Wain of any Distiller or Distillers brewed or made for the distilling of Spirits for Exportation (except such Decrease as is in the said Act in that Behalf excepted), such Distiller or Distillers should be, and was and were thereby charged with a Double Duty for the Quantity of Low Wines and Spirits such Wash so dccreased was presumed to make, and the Officers of Excise were thereby required in such Case to make such Charge in the Manner prescribed by the said Act; and that if any Decrease should at any Time or Times appear in the Stock of Spirits made for Exportation, belonging to any such Distiller or Distillers, (except such as in the said Act in that Behalf excepted, ) every such Distiller and Distillers should be charged, and the Officers of Excise were thereby required to charge him, her, or them, for all the Spirits so found to be decrcafed, and not properly accounted for, with Double the Duties such Spirits would have been charged with if made for Home Consumption: And whereas by the Laws in force at the Time of making the said Act, the said Duties, in the said Act in that Behalf mentioned, were chargeable upon the Low Wines and Spirits made for Home Consumption, but the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits made for Home Consumption were, by an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, among other Things, for repealing the Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, repealed, and in lieu and Head thereof other Duties are by the Acts now in force imposed for fermented Wort or Wash brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and on other Matters and Tilings in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and in the said Acts in that Behalf particularly mentioned; and by Means thereof the said Penalties, so far as the same relate to such Double Duties respecting Spirits made for Home Consumption, arc become void, and it is therefore expedient, in lieu and instead of the said recited Penalties, to impose such other Penalties, and make such Pro\ i lions, as herein after in that Behalf directed; ' be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, in order the more effectually to prevent such Distillers from f.vudulently removing Wort, Wash, Low Wines, or Spirits, if any Decrease shall at any Time or Times be found in the Wort or Walk of any Diililler or Distillers, brewed ormade for the extracting of Spirits for Exportation (except such Decrease as shall be made appear, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, to have really and truly arisen from Accident), such Dillilier or Distillers shall, for every such Decrease of Wort or Walh, be, and he, flic, and they ii and are hereby charged with Double the Duties which would have been chargeable fur or in respect of a Quantity of fermented Wort or Walh, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, equal to the Quantity of such Decrease of the Wort or Wash lb found as aforesaid; and if any Decrease shall at any Time or Times be found in the Spirits of the tirft or second Extraction, or of any other Spirits of any such Dillilier or Distillers made for Exportation, (except such Decrease as shall be made appear, to the Satisfaction of such Commissioner< to have really and truly arisen from Accident, ) such Distiller or Distillers shall, for every such Decrease, be, and he, Hie, and they is and are hereby charged with Double the Duties which would have been chargeable for or in respect of a Quantity of fermented Wort or Wash, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting a Quantity of Spirit, for Home Consumption, as would be presumed to berequilite to make a Quantity of Spirits equal to the Quantity

5i5

27 C. 3. c. ij.

Maker? of f pints lor lix; o, -ta ion fending out Spirits t-< other Diiiil<. shall, instead vi Bond under 2 G. 3. c. 5. give Bond (so; duet.xj>o tation) in Double the Vahte of the Spn its, nndDou-bk* the Value of the Duties on the Wash.

If any Decrease fhuil i t found in V\ alh made lor extorting Spirits for Exportation (except from Accident), Duiillet shall Le charp-d with Dou <it- Duties on the Wash (infield of* on the Spirits as under 2 G - 3. c. v §26.); and shall be charged in like Mamin fur any Decieafe in the Spirits of the Hi It or second Extraction, or of any other Spi; its for Exportation, &c.

Where Spirirs

«1< ft illvci I jv L porialion in one Day, and 11 <t locked up in Wareh. ulc, decrease or are removed in Absence of Excise Officer, the Distil'e: flitll be rbarged w.i'i Diablo Du?: .« on t: u W.ilh, inti eat! of or the Spirits n< under 2 G. 3. C. 5, ^22.

Bonds of Distiller* from whose Ware-house Spirits shall be delivered to be sent Coart-wifefor Exportation shall be given in Double the Value of the Spirits and Double the Value of the Du-tieson the Wash, in dead of on the Spiiits as under aG.^. c. 5-$7*

lhstead of the Penalties under 7 & 8 Gul, 3.

30- $ 14;

C. 93. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

of Spirits of such Decrease, reckoning at and after the Rate of one hundred Gallons of such Wort or Waft for every twenty-four Gallons of such Decrease of Spirits; and the proper Officer or Officers of Excise is and are hereby, in any or either of the said Cases, to make such Charge or Charges according'y.

IX. 1 And whereas by the said Act, made in the fecund Year of his present Majesty's Reign, it was also enacted, that if it should appear that any such Decrease, as in the said Act is in that Behalf particularly mentioned, had been made in the Quantity or Quality of the Spiiits dillilled for Exportation in one Day, and which could not, for Want of Time, be conveyed from the Spirit Calk, and locked-up, as was therein-before directed, or in case any such Spirits should have been removed in the Absence of the Officer of Excise, in ' either of the said Cases, the Dilliller or Distillers should be and were thereby charged for the said Spirits so decrenfed or removed, with Double the Duties such Spirits would have been charged with if made for Home Consumption, which the Officer of Excise was thereby required to charge accordingly: And whereas by ' reason of such Repeal of the said Duties as aforesaid, it is become expedient to make such Provisions as next herein after mentioned; be it therefore enacted, That if, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall at any Time so happen that the Spirits dillilled for Exportation in one Day, belonging to any Distiller or Distillers, cannot, for Want of Time, be conveyed from the Spirit Calk (into which they are directed to be run immediately from the Still) and locked-up in the Warehouse or Warehouses, as by the said Act is in that Behalf directed, and it shall appear that any such Decrease, as in the said Act in that Behalf mentioned, has been made in the Quantity or (Quality of the said Spirits, or in case any such Spirits shall have been removed in the Absence of the Officer of Excise, in either of the said Case*, in licit a id ilead of any Charge as is in such Case in the said Act in that Behalf particularly directed to be made, the Distiller or Distillers shall be and are hereby charged for the said Spirits so decrcafed or removed, with Double the Duties which the Wort, Wash, Liquor^ or other Preparation from whence such Spirits were made or extracted, would have been charged or chargeable with, had the said Spirits been made from fermented Wort or Wash, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting such Spirits for Home Consumption from Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, reckoning at and after the Rate of one hundred Gallons of such Wort, Wash, Liquor, or other Preparation, for every twenty-four Gallons of such Spirits, and which the Officer of Excise is hereby required to charge accordingly.

X. 4 And whereas by the said Act, made in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, it was also enacted, that when Spirits made for Exportation should be delivered out of any Warehouse or Warehouses, to be sent Coastways in order for Exportation to Foreign Parts, as in the said Act is in that Behalf mentioned, the Distiller or Distillers, out of whose Warehouse such Spirits were delivered, should, on taking out

the fame, give such Bond as was in the said Act in that Behalf directed, in Double the Value of the Spiiits, and Double the Duties which were payable for the like Spirits dillilled for Home Consumption, that the same Spirits, and every Part thereof, should (the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted) be really and truly landed in such Port of this Kingdom for which the same should be entered, and such Bond so entered into should not be discharged or delivered up, until such a Certificate as is in the said Act prescribed, should be produced from the Chief Officer of Excise of the Port for which such Spirits were entered; and it was also by the said Act enacted, that such Spirits so to be sent Coastways, when landed at the Port for which the fame

were entered, should be, immediately on the landing thereof, put into a proper Warehouse, and there continued until the same should be exported, and (houla be secured by the Person to whom they were sent, and by the Chief Officer of Excise in the said Act mentioned, in Manner in the said Act in that Behalf directed

And whereas by reason of such Repeal of the said Duties as aforesaid, it is become expedient to make such

Provisions as next herein after mentioned ;be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Distiller or Distillers, out of whose Warehouse or Warehouses any such Spirits made for Exportation shall be delivered to be sent Coastways in order for Exportation to Foreign Parts, as in the said Acts is in that Behalf mentioned, shall, in lieu and stead of the said Bond so in that Behalf directed to be given as aforesaid, give Bond, with sufficient Security, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be approved of as any other Security is directed by the said last mentioned Act to be approved, in Double the Value of such Spirits, and Double the Duties which the Wort, Wash, Liquor, or other Preparation from whence such Spirits were made or extracted, would have been charged or chargeable with, had the said Spirits been made from fermented Wort or Wash, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting such Spirits for Home Consumption from Malt, Coni, Grain, or Tilts, reckoning at and after the Rate of one hundred Gallons of such Wort, Wash, Liquor, or other Preparation, for every twenty-four Gallons of such Spirits, that the same Spirits, and every Part thereof, shall (the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted) be really and truly landed in such Port of this Kingdom for which the same shall be entered, and such Bonds so entered into shall not be discharged or delivered up, until such a Certificate shall be produced from the Chief Officer of Excise of the Port for which such Spirits were entered, testifying the landing thereof, and the several other Matters and Things in and by the said Act particularly directed, in the Certificate thereby required for the Discharge of such Bond as was thereby directed to be given for or in respect of Spirits to be sent Coast-ways, and for the landing of such Spirits in the Poit of this Kingdom for which the same should be entered.

XI. And whereas by an Act, made in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, an Act for laying several Duties upon Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extradion,

and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, DifiVlers, and other P erf ms chargeable with the Duties of Excise, it was enacted, that the Gauger and Gaugers of Excise should from Time to Time gauge and take Account uf all Wash and other Materials prepared or preparing for the making of Low Wines, and aii<» of all Low Wines, Spirits, or Strong Waters, found in the Houses, Cellars, or Warehouses, or in any Wash Back, Call, or other Veil'd or Vessels, used by any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits; and in case he should miss any Quantity or Quantities of Liquor or Drink brewed or made from Corn, or any W .fh or

othof

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 93. 5^7

other Materials prepared for making of Low Wines, which he had found as.in the said Act is mentioned,

and should not on Demand receive Satisfaction what was become of such Drink or Wash, or other such like

Materials, that in every such Case it should be lawful for such Gauger to charge such Distiller with so much

Low Wines as such Liquor, Drink, Wash, or oth^v Materials so missing, in his Judgment would reasonably

have made: And whereas the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits are now repealed, and certain Duties arc imposed in lieu thereof, on Woit, Wash, or Liquor fermented, brewed, or made in that Part of Great Britain called England\ for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and it is therefore expedient to make such

Provision as is herein after mentioned; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the Officer or Officers of Excise, from Time to Time, to gauge and take an Account of all Wash, Drink, and other Liquor or Materials, prepared or preparing for the extracting of Low Wines or Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called England; and that in case any Officer or Officers of Excise, at any Distiller or DiTillers in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall mils, or find any Deficiency in the Gauge of any Quantity or Quantities of Liquor or Drink brewed or made, or in any Wash or other Materials preparing or prepared for extracting of Spirits for Home Consumption, and which the Officer or Officers of Excise had before found or gauged at such Distiller or Distillers, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for such Officer or Officers to charge such Distiller or Distillers with the Duty on a Quantity of fermented Wort or Wash, Cyder, Perry, or other Wash or Liquor, of the same Kind of Materials as the said Liquor, Drink, Wash, or other Materials confided of, or was preparing or prepared from, equal to the Quantity of such Liquor or Drink, Wash, or other Materials, so missing or found deficient in the Gauge, and Inch Distiller or Distillers shall pay the same accordingly; and the said Duty shall be recovered and applied in like Manner as the said Duties, by Law imposed for or in respect of fermented Wort or Wash, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, from Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or from other Materials for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, are now by Law directed to be recovered and applied.

XII. 4 And whereas by the said Act made in the second Yeat of his present Majesty's Reign, it was also enacted, that such Spirits in the said Act in that Behalf mentioned as should be shipped for Stores, should,

during the Time the Ship or Vessel was or should be within the Limits of any Port of this Kingdom, be openly flowed and kept, so that the Officers of Excise might at any Time examine the fame, on Pain of for- feiting the Double Duty of all such Stores which, should not be so flowed and kept, or produced and shewn to the Officers of Excise, which said Double Duty should be charged by the Officers of Excise for such Stores

which should not be so flowed and kept, or produced and shewn according to the Rate such Spirits would ' have been charged with rf made for Home Consumption, and which Charge should be paid by the Mailer of the Ship or Vessel on board of which such Stores were shipped; and when any Spirits made for Exportation should be entered for Exportation to any of the Places in that Act particularly in that Behalf mentioned, the Exporter or Exporters thereof, when the whole Quantity of Spirits intended at that Time to be exported should be shipped, should immediately give and enter into such Bonds as are in the said Act directed for the due an ! fair Exportation of such Spirits, and produce such Certificates within the respective Times in the said Act in that Behalf prescribed, and that the Penalty in every Bond so to be entered into in pursuance of that Act, Should be Double the Value of the Spirits entered for Exportation, and Double the Duties such

Spirits ought to have paid if they had been made for Home Consumption; and that until such Bond should be entered into by the Exporter or Exporters, the Distiller or Dillillers from whose Warehouse such Spirits should befent, should be and were thereby charged for such Quantity of Spirits so shipped for Exportation,

with Double the Duties such Spirits would have been charged with if made for Home Consumption, and that such Charge should not be discharged until such Bond should be entered into: And whereas by reason of such Repeal of the said Duties, and the said Imposition of the said other Duties for such Wort or Wash a3 4 aforesaid, it is become expedient, in lieu and instead of the said lall recited Charges and Penalties respectively,

to impose such other Charges and Penalties, and make such Provisions herein after in that Behalf directed be it therefore further enacted, That, in lieu and instead of the said last recited Charges and Penalties reflectively, from and after the passing of this Act, all such Spirits made or drawn in Great Britain for Exportation, as shall be shipped for Stores, drill, during the Time the Ship or Vessel is or shall be within the Limits of any Port of this Kingdom, be openty flowed and kept, so that the Officers of Excise may at any Time examine the fame, on Pain of forfeiting the Double Duties which the Wort, Wash, Liquor, or other Preparation, from whence such Spirits were made or extracted, would have been charged or chargeable with, had such Spirits been made or extracted from fermented Wort or Wash, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting such Spirts for Home Consumption from Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, reckoning at and after the Rate of one hundred (radons of such Wort, Wash, Liquor, or other Preparation, for every twenty-four Gallons of fuc h Spirits which shall not be so flowed and kept, or produced and shewn to the Officers of Excise; which said Double Duty shall be charged by the Officers of Excise, for such Stores which shall not be so flowed and kept, or produced and shewn as aforesaid, and which Charge shall be paid by the Mailer of the Ship or Vessel on board of which such Stores were shipped; and when any Spirits made for Exportation shall be entered for Exportation to Ireland, or his Majesty's Plantations in America, or to any other Part3 byond the Seas in Europe, or to any Parts beyond the Seas in Africa, the Exporter or Exporters thereof, before any Part of such Spirits intended at that Time to be exported shall be shipped, shall give and enter into such and the like Bonds for the due and fair Exportation of such Spirits, and produce ftch Certificates within the respective Times, and make such Proofs as were respectively required to be given, entered into, produced, and made, by an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his said lare M: \jeily Ering George the Second, among other Things, for encouraging the Exportation of British-made Spirits, or the Exportation of Spirits 'to the respective Places before mentioned, in pursuance of the Directions of the said Lit mentioned Act, except only that the Penalty in every Boud so to be entered into in pursuance of this Act, lh«Ul be Double the

6. Value

If Excise Officer, after taking Account of Wash, See. preparing for exhaling of Spirits in England, fh.dl find any Deficiency, he shall ciiaige the Distiller with Duty on a Quantity of Wash equal to that deficient.

Infteid of Penalties under 2 G. 3. C. 5. §29^.

all such Spirit! made for Exportation as shall he shipped for Stores shall be openly flawed, on Pain of forfeiting Double Duty on thej Wash from which they were made, in Manner herein specified'; and when any Spirits shall be shipped for Excoriation, the Exporter shall enter into fr.nd acroioing to ihe Diit&io.vs of 33 G. z. c. 9. but in the !'ui »uy hereby directed*

5*8 C. 93.

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

P.oof of Exportation.

No Starch Maker in Great Britain shall be Owner of any Place l'jr making Stone Blue, or be concerned in that Bufinest, on Penalty ui zool.

Value of the Spirits entered for Exportation and the Double Duties which the Wort, Wash, Liquor, orother Preparation from whence fitch Spirits were made or extracted, would have been charged or chargeable with had the said Spirits been made from fermented Wort or Waft, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting such Spirits for Home Consumption from Malt, Com, Grain, or Tilts, reckoning at and after the Rate of one hundred Gallons of fucti Wort, Waft, Liquor, or other Preparation, for every' twenty-four Gallons of such Spirits; and until such Bond stall be entered into by the Exporter or Exporters, the Distiller or Distillers from whose Warehouse any such Spirits were originally sent, shall be, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby charged for such Quantity of Spirits so sent, with such Double Duties as last aforesaid, and such Charge stall not be discharged until such Bond stall be entered into; and when any Britjb-mz&t Spirits stall be entered for Exportation to any Parts beyond the Seas in Act a, the Exporter or Exporters thereof, before any Part of such Spirits intended at that Time to be exported stall be shipped, stall give and enter into a Bond of the like Tenor and Condition, with the like Security, and make the like Proof as was required to be given, entered into, and made by the said Act, made in the said thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, on the Exportation of Spirits to Parts beyond the Seas in Aj'rica, in ourfuance of the Directions of that Act, except only that the PenaLy in every such Bond so to be entered into in pur-suance of this Act, stall be Double the Value of the Spirits entered for Exportation, and Double the Duties which the Wort, Waft, Liquor, or other Preparation, from whence such Spirits were made or extracted, would have been charged or chargeable with, had the said Spirits been made or txtrafted from fermented Wort, Waft, Liquor, or other Preparation, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for cx-trafting such Spirits for Home Consumption from Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, reckoning at and after the Rate of one hundred Gallons of such Wort, Waft, Liquor, or other Preparation, for every twenty-four GaE Ions of such Spirits; and until such lafi mentioned Bond stall he entered into by the Exporter or Exporters, t the Distiller or Distillers from whose Warehouse such Spirits were sent, shall be and are hereby charged lor such Quantity of Spirits so sent with such Double Duties as last aforesaid, and such Charge stall not be discharged until such Bond stall be entered into; and also except that the Proof of the due Exportation of such Spirit* stall not be required to be made till the End of three Years from the Date of such respective Bonds.

XIII. 4 And whereas great Quantities of Starch are used in the making of Stone Blue, and the Laws already in force have by Experience been found insufficient to prevent Makers of Starch, being at the same Time Makers of Stone Blue, from clandeilinely making Use of Starch, for which no Duty Ins been paid, in the making of Stone Blue; for Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That no Person licensed to make Starch, or had ig made Entry of any Workhouse or Place for the making of Starch at any Office of Excise, or being a Maker of Starch within Great Britain, stall be a Proprietor, Owner, or Occupier of any Workhouse or Place made use of for the making of Stone Blue, or for the keeping of Stone Blue, or Materials for the making of Stone Blue, or have any Part or Share in any Stone Blue Manufactory, or be in any Manner concerned in the Trade or Bull ness of a Maker or Manufacturer of Stone Blue; and if any Person licensed to make Starch, or having made Entry of afiy Workhouse or Place for the making of Starch as aforesaid, or being a Maker of Starch within Great Britain, stall be a Proprietor, Owner, or Occupier of any Workhouse or Place made UTe of for the making of Stone Blue, or for the keeping of Stone Blue, or Materials for the making of Stone Blue, or stall have any Part or Share in any Stone Blue Manufactory, or be in any Manner concerned in the Trade or Business of a Maker or Manufacturer of Stone Blue, the Person or Persons so offend* ing stall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XIV. 4 And whereas it has been found by Experience that the Security by Bond, required by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to he given by Person3 acting as Auctioneers, if not sufficient to answer the Purposes thereby intended: For Remedy whereof, and for the better securing the*Payment of the Duties by Law imposed for and in respect of Sales at Auction, ' be it therefore enacted,

within the Limits That every Person not already licensed according to the said Act, who now or at any Time or Time* oi the Excise in hereafter doth or stall exercise the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer, or Seller by Commission, at any Sale of London, shall any Estate, Goods, or Effects whatsoever, by Outcry, knocking down of Hammer, by Candle, by Lot, by Parcel, or by any Mode of Sale at Auction, or whereby the higheff Bidder is deemed to be the Purchaser, or who stall aft in such Capacity within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, stall, at the Time of receiving his Licence, give Security by Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with two sufficient Sureties, in Manner following; that is to say, himself in the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and his Sureties in the Sum of two hundred Pounds each, which Security the Commissioners of Excise in England, or any two or more of them, for the Time being, or such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners of Excise stall from Time to Time appoint to deliver out the Licences by the said Act directed, are and is hereby authorized and empowered to take, that the said Person who stall exercise such Trade or Business, or who stall aft in such Capacity as aforesaid, stall and will deliver every Account of the Sales by him made, and also make Payment of all and every Sum and Sums of Money arising or becoming due for the Auction Duty for or in respect of all such Sales, in Manner prescribed in and by the said Act of the nineteenth Year aforesaid, as by this or any other Act or Aftw of Parliament now in force.

XV. And be it further enacted, That each and every Person wfto stall exercise such Trade or Business, or who stall aft in such Capacity as aforesaid, in any Part of Great Britain not within the Limits of the said Chief Office, stall, at the Time of receiving his Licence, give Security by Bond as aforesaid, with two iuffi-cient Sureties, in Mannner following; that is to say, himself in the Sum of five lrundred Pounds, and his Securities in the Sum of fifty Pounds each, which Security stall be taken by the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or any two or more of them respectively for the Time being, or by such Person or Persons as they the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them respectively, stall appoint for that Purpose, or by the respective Collectors of Excise within their respective Collections, iu like Manner as is herein-before

*directed,

Inftend of the Security required under 19 G. 3. c. 56.

§ 7. Auctioneer*,

give Security in Manner herein specified.

Auctioneer?, nut within tliofc Limits, shall give h c tuny ns herein < 1-re<Jted. [ See 19 G. 3. c. 56.

4*-]

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 93.

5i 9

directed, with regard to the Bonds to be given within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, that the said Person who shall exercise such Trade or Business, or who shall act in such Capacity as aforesaid shall and will deliver every Account, and make Payment of all and every Sum and Sums of Money in Manner prescribed in or by the said Acts, or any or either of them.

XVI. 4 And whereas, for preventing Frauds in the shipping of Rum as Stores, free of Duty, to be consumed on board Ships on their Voyages to Foreign Parts? it is expedient to make such Provision as is herein after mentioned; be it therefore enacted, That no such Rum shall be delivered as Stores, to be spent and consumed as aforesaid, out of any Warehouse or Wareltoufes in which the same shall have been lodged, in pursuance of an Act, made in the fifteenth and sixteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, among other Things, to empower the Importers or Proprietors of Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, to land the same before Payment of the Duties of Excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in Warehouses at their own Expence, unless the Person or Persons hitending to have the same so delivered shall give Bond, with sufficient Security, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be approved of by the rel'pc(Stive Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland for the Time being, or any three of them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall from Time to Time appoint or employ for that Purpose, in Double the Value of the Goods, and the Duties of Excise payable thereon, that such Rum, and every Part thereof, shall (the Dangers of the Seas and Enemies excepted) be really and truly spent and consumed on board the Ship or Vessel for which the same is intended to be delivered as Stores, by the Mariners intended to be employed in navigating the said Ship or Vessel, or by his Majesty's Troops that may be embarked in the fame; and that no Part of such Rum shall be re-landed in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the I fluids of Giternfey, Jersey* Alderney, Sark, or Man, or either of them.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities, for or in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, shall be fraudulently deposited, hid, or concealed, in any Place or Places whatsoever, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty of any of the Duties of Excise by any such Act or Acts of Parliament imposed for or in respect thereof, all such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities respectively, shall be forfeited, together with the Packages containing the fame, and shall and may be teized by any Officer or Officers of Excile; and the better to enable such Officer or Officers to discover such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities respectively so forfeited, if any such Officer or Officers shall have cause to suspect that any such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities, shall be so deposited, hid, or concealed in any Place or Places whatsoever, then and in such Case, if such Place or Places shall be within the Cities of London or Westminster, or within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, or any two or more of them, or in case such Place or Places shall be in any other Part of Great Britain, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where such Officer or Officers shall fufpccl the same to be deposited, hid, or concealed, letting forth the Ground of his or their Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, or the Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively (as the Case may require), before whom such Oath shall be made, if they or he shall judge it reasonable, by special Warrant or Warrants under his and their respective Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower such Officer or Officers by Day or by Night, but if in the Night, then in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every such Place or Places where he or they shall so fufpc6t such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities, to be so deposited, hid, or concealed, and to seize and cany away all such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities respectively, which he* or they shall then and there find so forfeited, together with the Packages containing the fame; and every such Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace is, on being thereto requelled by any such Officer or Officers of Excise, to go along with him or them, and to be present at the Execution of every such Warrant; and if any Person or Persons whatever shall let, obstruct, or hinder any such Officer or Officers so authorized or empowered, or any other Person or Persons a Cling in his or their Aid or Assistance in the Execution of any such Warrant, from entering any such Place or Places where such Officer or Officers shall so suspect such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Co, 'noddies to be so deposited, hid, or concealed, or in seizing or carrying away the fame, or the Packages containing the fame, or in the due Execution of any such Warrant, the Person and Persons so offending shall for each ai d every such Offence, severally* forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Goods, Wares, M shall be forfeited under any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to his M; singular the moveable Calks or other Packages containing the faint riage, and all Cattle uftd in the Removal thereof, shall be forfeited; and the same respectively, together with such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodity, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

eh a 1

ay*

force relating to his Majesty*? P v.

XIX. 4 And whereas by the Laws now in Starch, CofTce, and Tobacco respectively,

Weights in such Laws respectively in that Behalf mentioned, limited, and preferred: And whereas Matters of Ships and Vessels trading from Foreign Ports to this Kingdom, do frequently bring great Qj tities of such Goods for the Purpose of smuggling the same in this Kingdom; and if they arc prevents the Vigilance of the Officers of the Revenue from landing the same before they arrive at the Port or Fiae their Discharge, such Mailers do then report such Goods for Exportation, to gain an Opportunity of ning the same on Shore in this Kingdom, or itnshipping them into Boats and other Vessels for that Pur in their Passage Outwards, to the Prejudice of the publick Revenue, and the fair Merchants; so?* Ren

No Rum shall

he delivered as Stores out of Tty Warehouse where lodged under 1 5 G. 2, c. 2C. unless Bond he given as herein ditched.

G -jds hidden with Intent to de'iaud the Revenue of Excise, shall be foi (cited.

Mode of proceeding where Olfueis shall fu.pr<ft Goods arc concealed*

ize, or Commodity, nr<2( or Duties of Excise, all and d also every Vessel, Boat, Cart, Car-

Pcnltr on r'h- flnuflio; Om-cc: s, tool.

When Goods are loneit*d by any Excite Lawr the Packages

Carnages, and Cattle, Hull ailb be forfeited*

>pe, C.iiulles, Sopc,

oral or St.11 < b, im-

the p.»'U-d into

lan- G: c .it 151 it: .: n in

l'ack/gt > of It Is

1 by t!\vi .? - 0 ! <>.

c of Ol C. 1

ur- F < !..'£? o( !< fs

ih.in 1 1 2 In-.

0; l"*/t '> .0 in

P.'< !. v- s 1/1 i< Is

> than 43- l"-; . J

no

fli.il! not be cn-

li.cd luj L\*, v r-tuli jii; and .5 to im^ort.'c, liny shall be tui luted.

Instead of Allowance under 3S G. 3. c.>9. ^104., 3; 6I(h. ol pure Salt allowed to a Calk of Pilchaids.

No Silt shall be used in cu.ing Pilchards, &c. more than twice, &c.

Draining Tiles may be made9Inches only in Length, being of the other Dimensions mentioned in 34 G. 3. c. 15.

From July 5, l 802, the present Duties and Drawbacks on Paper, See. (except on the Articles herein specified), shall ccafe;

and in lieu thereof the following shall be levied.

C. 93, 94. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

no Candles, Sope, or Starch, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain in any Ship or Vessel, belonging in the Whole or in Part to his Majesty's Subjects, otherwise than in Cask, Chest, Case, Bag, or other Package, containing two hundred and twenty-four Pounds neat of Candles, Sope, or Starch respectively, at the lead, nor any Coffee whiclf shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, otherwise than in Calk, Chest, Case, Bag, or other Package, containing one lrundred and twelve Pounds neat of Coffee, at the lea ft, nor any Tobacco which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, otherwise than in an Hogshead, Calk, Chest, Case, Bag, or other Package, containing four hundred and fifty Pounds neat of Tobacco, at the least, shall be entered or reported for Exportation; and all Entries or Reports, which, after the said first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and two, shall be made of any such Candles, Sope, Starch, Coffee, or Tobacco respectively, contrary to the Directions of this Act, are hereby declared to be null and void; and all such Candles, Sope, Starch, Coffee, and Tobacco respectively, imported or brought into Great Britain otherwise than as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, together with the Packages containing the same respectively; and all such Candles, Sope, Starch, Coffee, Tobacco, and Packages so forfeited, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XX- ' And whereas the Quantity of Salt for curing Pilchards and Scads allowed by an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise; and for repealing the Duties on Salty and the Drawbacks, Allow

ancesy and Bounties paid thereout; and for granting other Duticsy Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties thereon, is found inefficient to answer the Purpose intended; and it is expedient to grant a further Allowance of Salt,

1 and to make further Provisions in respect of Salt to be used in curing and preserving Pilchards and Scads be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, all and every Fish Curer or Fish Curers to whom any Salt shall have been or shall be delivered for the Purpose of curing and preserving Fish, shall, in lieu and instead of all former Allowance of Salt for curing ard preserving Pilchards and Scads, be allowed a Credit equal to three hundred and thirty-six Pounds of pure Salt for every Calk or Vessel containing fifty Gallons of Pilchards or Scads, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity; any Thing in the (hid Act of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Salt shall be used or applied in the curing and preserving of Pilchards or Scads more than twice, and that in taking Account of Salt which shall have been only once used in the curing and preserving of Pilchards or Scads, Credit shall be given or allowed to all and every such Fish Curer or Fish Curers for such Salt so once uftd as aforesaid, as containing of pure Salt in the Proportion of three Parts in four of the whole Quantity and no more; and all and every the Officers or Officer of Excise shall, in taking Account of and balancing the Stocks of Salt in the Custody or Possession of Fish Curers, either give Credit for and make his or their Computations upon and according to the several and respective Proportions before mentioned.

XXII. 4 And whereas by an Act, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles made in and imported into Great Britain, certain Tiles therein described, and which shall be made for the sole Purpose of draining wet or marshy Lands, are exempted from the Duties chargeable on Tiles: And whereas it is expedient to ' allow Tiles of a less Length to be made for such Purpose free of Duty be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever to make, for the sole Purpose of draining wet or marshy Lands, free of the Duties of Excise, Tiles not less than nine Inches long, such Tiles being in every other respect of the Description and Dimensions prescribed and dirtfted by the said Act; any Thing in auy Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act for repealing certain Duties on Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, Scaleboards, and Glazed

Paper, imported into or made in Great Britain; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

[26th June 1802.]

WHEREAS certain Duties of Customs and Excise are now payable for and in respect of Paper, Paste-

board, Millboard, Scaleboard, Glazed .Paper, and Books, Maps, and Prints, imported into Great Britain; and for and in respect of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper made in Great Britain; and certain Drawbacks or Allowances are now payable out of the said Duties: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said Duties, Drawbacks, and Allowances, and to grant other Duties, and other Drawbacks and Allowances in lieu thereof be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, all and singular the said Duties, Drawbacks, and Allowances, save and except the Duties now payable on printed, painted, or stained Paper, to serve for Hangings or other Uses, and also save and except the Duties of Customs on Books, Maps, and Prints imported into Great Britain, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may at any Time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, in lieu and instead of the said respective Duties of Customs and Excise hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Duties of Customs and Excise herein after respectively mentioned; (that i6 to say, )

For

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 94.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Paper of the First Class or Denomination (not being Paper of the Manufacture of and imported from Ireland), which shall be imported into Great Britain, a Custom Duty of one Shilling and one Halfpenny

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Paper of the Second Class or Denomination (not being Paper of the Manufacture of and imported from Ireland), which shall be imported into Great Britain, a Custom Duty of six Pence Farthing:

For every one hundred Weight of Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, and of Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Plot Proffers (not being 01 the Manufacture of and imported from Ireland), which shall be imported into Great Britain, a Cullom Duty of two Pounds two Shillings, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Paper of the First Class or Denomination, which shall be made in Great Britain, or which shall be made in Ireland, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, an Excise Duty of three Pence

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Paper of the Second Class or Denomination, which shall be made in Great BAtain, or which shall be made in Ireland, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, an Excise Duty.of one Penny Halfpenny

For ever)' one hundred Weight of Pasteboard, which shall be made in Ireland, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, an Excise Duty of one Pound one Shilling, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity

For every one hundred Weight of Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hot Pressers, and of Millboard and Scale-board, which shall be made in Great Britain, or which shall be made in Ireland, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, an Excise Duty of one Pound one Shilling, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Books, whether bound or unbound, and of Maps or Prints, which shall be imported into Great Britain from Ireland, an Excise Duty of three Pence:

Which said several Duties upon Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Books, Maps, and Prints, shall be paid by the Importers or Makers thereof respectively.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the Duty by this Act granted, any Paper commonly called and known by the Names of Sheathing Paper, or Button Paper, or Button Board, made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland, and imported direCUy from thence into Great Britain; nor to any bound Books which shall be the foie and entire Property of any Officer of State in Ireland, or any Member of either of the Houses of Parliament, which shall be imported into Great Britain from Ireland for the foie and entire Use of such Officer of State, or Member of either House of Parliament respectively, and not as Merchandize or for Sale; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, the several and respective Drawbacks herein after mentioned shall be made, allowed, and paid upon the Terms and Conditions, and under, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, RellriClions, Clauses, Penalties, and Forfeitures contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, Law or Laws now in force in relation to the Duties on Paper; (that is to say, )

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Paper of the First Class or Denomination, made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, and which shall be exported from Great Britain, as Merchandize, to Parts beyond the Seas, a Drawback of three Pence

For every Pound Weight of Paper of the Second Class or Denomination made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland, and imported dirctflly from thence into Great Britain, and which shall be exported from Great Britain, as Merchandize, to Parts beyond the Seas, a Drawback of one Penny Halfpenny:

For every one hundred Weight of Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, and of Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hot Pressers, made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain as Merchandize, to Parts beyond the Seas, a Drawback of one Pound one Shilling, and so in Proportion for any greater ot less Quantity

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Books in perfeA and complete Sets, or if Periodical Publications in perfect Parts or Numbers, and of blank, plain, or reded Account Books, whether hound or unbound, wtiich shall be made of or printed or ruled on Paper of the First Class or Denomination, and for which no Drawback or Allowance whatever shall have been paid, received, or obtained, and which shall be exported from Great Britain as Merchandize, to Parts beyonds the Seas, a Drawback of three Pence:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Paper of the First Class or Denomination which shall be used in the printing any Books in Latin, Greek, Oriental, or Northern Languages, or in the printing Bibles, Testaments, Psalm Books, Books of Common Prayer, and Confession of Faith, and the larger and shorter Catechism, or any of them, within die two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or either of them, by Permission of the Vice Chancellor of the same respectively 5 or which shall be used in the printing any Books in Latin, Greek, Oriental, or Northern Languages within the Universities of Scotland, or any of them, by Permission of the Pri ncipals of the same respectively; or which shall be used by the King's Printers in England and Scotland respectively, in the printing of Bibles, Testaments, Plalm Books, Books of Common Prayer of the Church of England, the Book commonly called or known in Scotland by the Name of The Confssion of Faith, or the larger or thorter Catechism of the Church of Scotland, a Drawback of three Pence.

V. 4 And whereas by the Repeal of the Duties on Paper, and the Drawbacks by this Act granted on the Exportation thereof, the Drawbacks might in some Cases exceed and in others fall short of the Duties actually 42 Geo. III. 3 X 4 paid j'

521

Duties of Cuf-touts;

Duties of Ex. cife

payable by Im. poi ter or Maker.

Not to extend to Sheathing or Button Paper, ice.

nor to bound Books of Irish Officers of State, or Mftrltcn of Parliament.

Drawbacks payable in future.

For three Months after Juijr j, Ik*

522 C. 94* 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

Drawback shall be the same a< the Duty a<ftu-ally paid.

Drawback allowed to Clothiers, Hot-P.eflers, and other Person s in the Woollen Manufactory, for Glazed Paper, on the Conditi ms he 1 cut specified.

lnflead of Discount of 4l. 109. per Cent. on the Duties on Newspapers under

41 G.

c. 10. §10.

13 s. per Cent, only shall be allowed in Addition to the t 61. per Cunt, under 37 G. 3. c. 90. But foi three Months the Dif-rouni of 4l. 10s. per Cent, shall be allowed, where the full Duty under former Acts hat lu n paid*

paidfor Remedy whereof be it enacted, That, for and during the Space of three Months from and after the said fifth Day of July, the Drawback on Paper exported as Merchandize shall in every Inilance be the same as the Duty which, under the Rules and Regulations established for or in respect of the Exportation of Paper, shall he proved to have been really and bond side paid, and no other; any Thing in this or "any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. 4 And whereas it is expedient to grant a Drawback or Allowance to Clothiers, Hot-Pre(Ters, and other Persons concernd in the Woollen Manufactures, for or in respect of Paper commonly called or known by the Names of Glared Paper and Press Paper, used or employed in pressing Woollen Cloths or Stuffs be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, a Drawback or Allowance of the whole Duty charged or chargeable on such Glazed Papers and Press Papers, as shall be actually and bond side used, employed, and consumed in the pressing of Woollen Cloths or Stuffs, shall be made and paid on the Terms and Conditions herein after mentioned; (that is to say, ) that every Perfoti who shall intend to apply for or claim any such Drawback or Allowance for Glazed Paper or Press Paper, shall, before he, she, or they shall begin to make Use of any Glazed Paper or Press Paper, produce the same in the original Cover or Wrapper in which such Glazed Paper and Press Paper respectively was charged with Duty, to the proper Officer of Excise, and shall give to such Officer a Notice in Writing specifying the Day and Hour on which he, she, or they intends or intend to produce such Glazed Paper or rrefs Paper, and also the

Suantity of such Glazed Paper or Press Paper so intended to be produced, and the Name and Residence of the aker or other Person from whom the same was received, and the particular Time when received; and such Person shall untie and open all such Glazed Paper and Press Paper in the Presence of such Officer, who shall examine and take Account thereof, and shall destroy the Duty Stamp on the Covers or Wrappers of the same; and upon Application to the proper Collector of Excise, as loon as any such Glazed Paper or Press Paper shall have been so long or so much used as to be incapable of being again used or employed for any Purpose whatever ffuch Application not being made oftener than twice in each Year), Hating in Writing the actual Quantity of such Glazed Paper and Press Paper so nfed as aforesaid, and making Oath before such Collector of Excise (which Oath every Collector of Excise is hereby authorized and empowered to administer), of the real Quantity of such Glazed Paper or Press Paper so used or employed as aforesaid, that the same has been actually and bondJide used or employed in the pressing of Woollen Cloths or Stuffs by him, her, or them, who shall apply for or claim any such Drawback or Allowance, and for no other Purpose whatsoever, and that all such Glazed Paper or Press Paper, and every Part thereof, is by such Use rendered or become unfit for any other Purpose whatsoever, and that no Drawback or Allowance has been before had or received for such Glazea Paper or Prese Paper, or any Part thereof; then, and in such Case, such Collector of Excise shall pay or allow to the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same a Drawback of the Duties which shall have been charged or paid for such Glazed Paper or Press Paper, without any Fee, Reward, or Dedudion whatever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, in lieu and instead of the Allowance by Way of Discount of four Pounds ten Shillings per Centum (on the Sums payable for Duties imposed on Newspapers), granted by an Act of the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Alajjly additional Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and Insurances, and on certain Indenturcsy Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds, an Allowance by Way of Discount of eighteen Shillings only for every one hundred Pounds (in Addition to the sixteen Pounds per Centum in the said last recited Acts mentioned) shall be allowed on the Sums payable for such Duties on Newspapers, in like Manner, and under the like Conditions, as are in the said recited Act, and an Act made in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

&c.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and they are hereby authorized, for and during the Period of three Months after the passing of this Act, to continue to allow the said full additional Discount of four Pounds ten Shillingsper Centum on the Sums payable for Duties, to the Proprietors, Printers, or Publisher3 of Newspapers in every Case in which it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or any three or more of them, or any Officer appointed by them, or any three or more of them, for such Purpose, either by Oath or otherwise, and which Oath the said Commissioners, or such Person so appointed as aforesaid, are hereby authorized to administer, that the full Duties payable before the passing of this Act on the Paper and for the printing of the Newspapers in respect whereof such Allowance of Discount shall be claimed, has been paid 5 any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Brown Paper

made of old Ro; >es, tec. deemed Paper of 2d Oats, all other Paper (except glazed lor Clothiers, See.) of id Clas>'. No Pasteb >ard shall be made, except of Paper that ius paid

Duties under this Act shall be under the Management of the respective Commissioners of Customs and Excise in England and Scotland respectively, §9."

X. And be it further enacted, That all Brown Paper made of old Ropes or Cordage only, without separating or extracting the Pitch or Tar therefrom, and without any Mixture of other Materials therewith, shall be deemed and taken to be Paper of the second Class or Denomination, and shall be chargeable and charged with Duty accordingly; and that all other Paper whatever (Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hot Preflers txcepted) shall be deemed and taken to be Paper of the first Class or Denomination, and shall be chargeable and charged with the Duty by this Act imposed on Paper of the first Class or Denomination $ any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July One thousand tight hundred and two, no Pasteboard shall be made in Great Britain of or from any Material or Materials whatever, lave and except Paper which shall have been charged with the full Duties of Excise payable thereon, and which shall not

have

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 94.

523

Excise Duties, and unused, on Pain of Forfeiture, and iool.

have been written or printed on or previously used for any Purpose whatever, on Pain of forfeiting all the Paste-board which fS -1! be so made of or from any other Material or Materials than aforesaid, and also of all the Implements and I; unfits, and Materials, and Preparations employed or used in making such Pasteboard, and also the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and all such Pasteboard, Implements arid Utensils, and Materials, and Preparations shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XII. And be it further enacted, That before any Maker or Makers of Pasteboard shall begin to make any Paper into Pasteboard he, she, or they shall produce to the proper Officer or Officers of Excite all such Paper as shall by him, her, or them be intended to be made into Pasteboard in the original Covers or Wrappers in which the same was charged, and having the Excise Duty Stamp fair and legible on each Ream thereof, and shall take the said Covers or Wrappers from the said' Paper in the Presence of such Officer, who shall thereupon take Account of such Paper, and of the Quantity and Weight thereof, and shall destroy the Duty Stamp on each and every of the said Covers and Wrappers; and, to the Intent that such Officer may be enabled to attend, and examine, and take Account of such Paper, every and all such Maker or Makers of Pasteboard shall give to the proper Officer of Excise twenty-four Hours Notice in Writing of his Intention to produce such Paper, and shall specify in such Notice the true Quantity of Paper intended to be produced, and the Day and Hour when he intends so to produce the fame; and if any such Maker or Makers of Pasteboard shall neglect or refuse to give such Notice as aforesaid, or shall use or employ any Paper in the making of Pasteboard before the same shall have been produced to and taken Account of by such proper Officer or Officers as aforesaid, every such Maker of Pasteboard shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, no Maker or Makers of Pasteboard shall carry on the Trade or Business of a Maker of Paper, nor shall any Maker or Makers of Pasteboard be allowed to set up or carry on the Trade, Business, or

Manufacture of making Pasteboard, within the Difiance of one Quarter of a Mile of any Mill or Manufactory. (

for the making of Paper, on Pain of forfeiting, in each and every such Case respectively, the Sum of one hun- nor cany on diea Pounds; any Thing in this Act or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

Mile of any Paper Mill, &c. on Penalty of iool.

Pasteboard Makers shall produce to Officers of Excise the Paper intended to be made into Pasteboard, and shall give Notice for that Purpose, on Forfeiture of iool.

From March 5. 1803, no Maker of Paste*board shall be a Paper Maker

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That Pasteboard legally made in Great Britain, wholly of Pasteboard Paper, which shall have been duly charged with the Duties payable thereon, shall not be charged or chargeable with any further or other Duties imposed by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament. D not pay furthe^Duty.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hun- Paper, Paste-dred and two, all Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, which shall be made in Great board, &c. shall Britain, or which shall be made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, shall be made up by the banner hSebi Maker or Makers thereof, in the Manner herein after mentioned; (that is to (ay, ) all such Paper, as soon as ducked made, shall be forthwith made up into Quires, each such Quire to consist of twenty-four Sheets; and such Quires shall be forthwith made up into Reams, each such Ream to consist of twenty such Quires; and all such Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively, shall, as soon as made, be forthwith made up in regular Parcels, each such Parcel containing even Dozens of Sheets of one and the same Denomination, and of equal Dimensions, and not less than twenty-four nor more than seventy-two such Sheets in each such Parcel; and every and all such Maker or Makers shall, by him, her, or themselves, or by his, her, or their Servants, cause all such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively, to be im- and put up in mediately tied up in Covers or Wrappers, conformably in every Respect to the Directions provided and contain- Covert asunder ed in an Act of Parliament, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An 34 G- 3 c. 20. jid for repealing the Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glared Paper, and for granting other $ 7>

Duties in lieu thereof; and shall thereupon, without Delay, denominate, mark, write, or print, on each such Cover or Wrapper of Paper, in large legible Characters, and in Words at Length, the Class of the Paper enclosed in such Cover or Wrapper, distinguishing in which of the two Gaffes of Paper herein-before mentioned the Duty for or in respect of such Paper is chargeable, together with the true Number of such Ream of Paper, according to the Number of such Reams of Paper of each such Class, made by such Maker or Makers at such Mill during the current Quarter of a Year, to be computed from the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of JuTy, and the tenth Day of October, as the Case may require, in such Year; such Num-> ber to be taken progremvely, beginning one, two, and so onwards, according to the Number of Reams of Paper of each Class made at such Mill in each such Quarter of a Year, and that on each such Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively, there shall in like Manner, as soon as the same be tied up in the Manner herein-before directed, be denominated, marked, written, or printed, in large and legible Characters, and in Words at Length, the true Description of such Parcel, and whether such Parcel is Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, and the Number of Sheets in each such Parcel, together with the true progressive Number of such Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, made by such Maker or Makers at his, her, or their respective Mills or Manufactures, during the then current Quarter of a Year, commencing as aforesaid; and if any Maker or Makers of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, shall neglect or refuse to make and tie up, and denominate all such Paper, Pasteboard,

Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper in the Manner herein-before directed for the Space of twenty-four Hours after such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, shall be made; or if any fuel*

Maker or Makers, after any such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, shall be so made and tied up, and marked and denominated as aforesaid, and before the same shall be reflectively charged by the proper Officer, shall untie or take the same out of the Cover or Wrappers, or otherwise altei an) Reams or Parcel*, or the Denominations* Descriptions, or Numbers* marked* written* or printed thereon* or on the

3 X a Covers

524

©n Penalty of tool, and Forfeiture of the Paper, &c.

Paper may be

made into Quires without folding it, Uc.

Outside Quires.

Paper may be cut before it is put or tied up in Rearm, if the Quantity chargeable be not fattened, and it is marked Cut Paper.

Penalty of Perjury on false Oaths for Drawback.

Duties and Drawbacks (except where altered by this Atf) shall be managed as the like Duties and Drawbacks under former Acts, and the Goods shall be under like Regulations, and subject to like Forfeitures.

Penalties of Death, See. under former Acts extended to this.

Application of Duties; viz* after reserving 18, 7501. under 34 G. 3. c. 20. §58. and

33, 65«1-

quarterly.

C. 94. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

Covers or Wrappers thereof respectively, or after the same shall have been so made and tied up, and marked and denominated as aforesaid, and before charged by the proper Officer; or if any such Maker or Makers as aforesaid shall hide or conceal, or take away or remove any such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper from or out of the Mill Room 01 other Place entered for making, laying, or keeping the fame, every such Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, together with all such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, which he, she, or they shall so neglect or refuse to make and tie up, and mark and denominate as aforesaid, or which he, she, or they shall so untie or take out of the Covers or Wrappers, or of which he, she, or they shall alter the Denomination, Description, or Number, or which he, she, or they shall hide or conceal, or take away or remove from or out of the Mill Room or other Place entered for making, laying, or keeping the same as aforesaid; and all such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excift: Provided always, that all and every Maker or Makers of Paper shall be at Liberty to make his, her, or their Paper into Quires without folding the fame, such Quires when made up into Reams, being separated by a Slip of Coloured Paper placed between each Quire, and visible on the Outside of the Ream: And provided also, that the Outside Quires of each and every Ream of Paper shall and may con-(ift of any Number of Sheets not less than twenty nor exceeding twenty-four, at the Option of the Maker or Makers of such Paperany Thing herein-before contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Maker or Makers of Paper to divide with a Knife or other Instrument, before such Paper shall be put or tied up in Reams: Provided always, that the Quantity of such Paper, upon which the Duty may be chargeable, shall not be in any Respect lessened or diminished thereby, and provided also that all Paper, which shall be so divided, shall, on the Outside of the Cover or Wrapper containing the fame, be distinguished by the Words Cut Paper, being marked, written, or printed thereon in large legible Chambers by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively; any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall be convicted of wilfully taking s} false Oath, in any of the Cases in which an Oath is required to be taken by virtue of this Act or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, in order to obtain any Drawback or Allowance by this Act granted, shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties of Customs and Excise, and Drawbacks and Allowances respectively granted by this Act, shall (except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act) be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, recovered, answered, and paid, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed in such and the like Manner, and in or by any or either of the Means, Ways, or Methods respectively by which the like respective Duties of Customs and Excise, and Drawbacks and Allowances were or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed by any Act or Acts now in force relating to the Duties of Customs and Excise respectively, and that all the Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities so by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with Duties of Customs or Excise respectively, or fix entitled to Drawbacks or Allowances, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable (except where any A1 cration is expressly made by this Act) to all and every the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, and Forfeitures respectively, to which Goods* Wares, or Merchandize in general, and also all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes respectively, were (uhjcdfc and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, respecting the Duties of Customs and Excise respectively; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, as well Pains of Death as others, for any Offence whatsoever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the Commencement of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs or Excise respectively, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Powers, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained (unless where expressly altered by this Act), shall, and the same are hereby respectively directed and declared to extend to, and the same respectively shall be applied, practised, and put in Execution, for and in respect of the said Duties of Customs and Excise, and Drawbacks hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample Manner to alL Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Conditions, Rules, Regulations* Restrictions, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things respectively* were particularly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this Act.

" On Paper delivered after July 5, iSc2, under Contrafts prior thereto, an Equivalent to the Duty may be 4' added to or deducted from the Price. §19. Duties shall be carried to the Consolidated Fund. §20."

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That out of the Monies arising or to arise by the Rates and Duties by this Act granted, after setting apart at the Receipt of the Exchequer quarterly the Sum of eighteen thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, in Manner and for the Purpose directed by an Act, pa fled' in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties cn Paper, Pasteboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof the further Sum of thirty- three thousand six hundred and fifty-eight Pounds, being one fourth Part of the annual Average Produce for three Years, ending the fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, of the Remainder of the Rates and Duties by the said recited Act granted, shall be reserved and set apart at the said Receipt at the End of eve^ Quarter of a Year after the paffuig of this Act, that is to say, on the tenth Day of 03ober, the fifth Day of January, the fifth Dav of April, and the fifth Day of July in every Year, for the Remainder of the Period often Years in the said last recited Act mentioned, in Manner and according to the Directions'and

8' Provision*

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 94, 95

Provisions of the said recited Act, and for the Purposes therein mentioned; and after setting apart the fevera Sums above mentioned, or so much as shall be sufficient, the Remainder of the Monies arising or to arise by the Rates and Duties hereby granted, shall, at the End of each such Quarter as aforesaid, be entered in the separate Account directed to be kept at the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, made in or imported into Great Britain; and on Tea imported into and fold in Great Britain, and shall be set apart as an Addition made to the publick Revenue for the Purposes in the said last recited Act mentioned.

CAP. XCV.

An Act for repealing the Duties, granted by an Act made in this Session of Parliament, on Spermaceti Oil, Blubber, Train Oil, Fish Oil, or Oil of Seals, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof \ for repealing the Duties, granted by the said Act, on, Linen Yarn made of Flax, and on Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imported by the East India Company, and exported from the Warehouse in which the same shall have been secured; for exempting Stone, the Produce of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sarky or Many from Duty; and for permitting Merchandize, the Produce of any of the Colonies ceded to the French and Batavian Republicks, to be imported for three Years from the passing of this Act, upon Payment of certain Duties.

[26th June 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Goods imported into and exported from Great Britain; and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessds entering Outwards or Inwards in any Port of Great Britain to or from Foreign Parts, amongst other Things the following Duties are imposed on the Importation of Blubber and Oil respectively 5 (that is to say, ) on Spermaceti Oil, the Ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons, a Duty of two Pounds twelve Shillings and eight Pence; on Blubber, not of Newfoundlandr, the Ton, containing two Hundred and fifty-two Gallons, a Duty of thirteen Shillings and six Pence; and on Train Oil, Fish Oil, or Oil of Seals, or other Creatures living in the Seas, not otherwise enumerated or described in the said Act, the Ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons, a Duty of one Pound and three Pence: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said Duties and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof; 9 be it therefore enacted, by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, the aforesaid Duties imposed by the said recited Act, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed, save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof, which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any Time before the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, in lieu and instead of the said Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty his Heirs and Successors, in ready Money, without any Discount whatever, upon the Importation of Blubber and Oil respectively, the following Duties; that is to say, on Spermaceti Oil, the Ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons, a Duty of two Pounds three Shillings and ten Pence; on Blubber not of Newfoundland, the Ton, of two hundred and fifty two Gallons, a Duty of eleven Shillings and three Pence; and on Train Oil, Fish Oil, or Oil of Seals, or other Creatures living in the Seas, not otherwise enumerated or described in the said recited Act, the Ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons, a Duty of sixteen Shillings and ten Pence, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

III. 4 And whereas by the said recited Act, amongst other Things, a Duty is imposed upon the Importation of Raw Linen Yarn made of Flax, at the Rate of three Pounds twelve Shillings for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of such Yarn: And whereas it is expedient that the said Duty should be repealed, ' be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, the aforesaid Duty, imposed by the said recited Act upon the Importation of Raw Linen Yam made of Flax, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any Time before the passing of this Act).

IV. 4 And whereas by the said recited Act certain Duties are imposed on the Importation of Goods, Wares,

and Merchandize, by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies: And whereas it is expedient that the said Duties, imposed by the said recited Act, should not be charged or chargeable upon any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imported by the East India Company, and warehoused and exported directly from the Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall nave been respectively lodged or secured according to the Laws in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act be it therefore enacted, That the aforesaid Duties imposed by the said recited Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, shall not be charged or chargeable upon the Importation of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, in case such Goods shall be warehoused and exported directly from the Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall have been respectively lodged or secured according to the Laws in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby imposed, shall and may be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, recovered, appropriated, and applied in such and the like Manner, and in and by such and the like Ways, Means, or Methods, by which the Duties of Customs hereby repealed, on the like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imposed and payable by an Act passed in the twenty-

seventh

525

the Remainder shall be entered and applied as under 41 G. 3. (17. A\) c. g.

10.

c. 43.

Duties gtanted by recited A on Spermaceti Oil, Blubber, and Train Oilr repealed;

and instead-thereof the Duties herein mentioned shall be levied.

The Duty imposed by recited! Act on Raw Linen Yarn imported, repealed-

Duties imposed by recited Act on halt India Goods imported, shall not be charged if they be warehoused, and exported directly from the Warehouse in which secured.

Duties shall be managed, levied, and applied as former Duties, under 17 G. 3.

c. 13.

526

34 Geo. 3. c. 51.

Burr Stone? and

Paving Stones, tbt Pr -duct; on of Guernsey, See. exempt from Duty by recited Act, on being entered, &€

and subject to Regulaiioa? in recited Act.

Such Stone shall be accompanied with a Certificate,c.

For three Yeart, Goods, the Produce of Colonies in America ceded to France, Sec. may be imported on Pay-mem of Duties as from the British WelHndies.

Oath of Importer of such Goods shall he as for West India Goods.

C. 95, 96. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force, on and immediately before the passing of this Act, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, recovered, aponpmted, and applied; and the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so by this Act made chargeable with the laul Duties, shall be and the f me are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to which any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, upon which any Duties of Customs are irr.posed and payable, were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force, on or immediately before the passing of this Act; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture for any Offence whatever, committed agaii.ft or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force, on or immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained, shall and they are hereby directed and declared to extend to and shall be reflectively applied, practised, and put in Execution, for and in respect of the Duties hereby charged as far as the same arc applicable thereto, in as full and ample a Manner to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

VI. And whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Slate, Stcney and Marble, amongst other Things, certain Duties are impoftd upon all Stone the Production of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man: And whereas it is expedient that all Stone, cut or manufactured into Burr Stones, and all Stones uied for the Purpose of Paving, or for the Purpose of making or mending Roads, being the Production of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Alan, should be exempt from the Payment of Duty be it therefore enacted, That all such Stones shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be, exempt from the Duty by the said recited Act; provided the Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees thereof shall, previous to the same being unshipped or landed from on board the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been imported, make, with the proper Officer of the Customs at the Poit or Place where the same shall be imported, a regular Entry of such Goods, and shall make Oath thereon before thd Officer, who is hereby authorized and required to administer the same, that such Goods are of the Denomination or Description aforesaid; and with respect to paving Stones, that the same are intended for the Purposes of being made Use of in paving or making or mending of Roads only.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Stone exempt from Duty by this Act, shall be subject and liable to such and the like Conditions, Restrictions, Forfeitures, and Penalties, as are prescribed, directed, and imposed by the said recited Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if all the Clauses, Powers, Directions, and Authorities of the said recited Act were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

VIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to permit the Importation from Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, of any Stone as aforesaid, Duty Free, unless such Stone shall be accompanied with a Certificate or Certificates ascertaining the same to be the Production of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, respectively, according to the Laws in force on and immediately before the passing of the said recited Act of the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty-

IX. 4 And whereas certain Colonies and Plantations in Amnica, are by the late Definitive Treaty of Peace, to be delivered up to the French and Batavian Republicks; be it therefore enacted, That, during the Period of three Years from the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful to import directly from thence into this Kingdom, any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the said respective Colonies or Plantations, upon Payment of such Duties as would have been or would be due and payable for such Goods, if they had been imported from any of the British West India islands, in British Ships; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force, at the Time of the passing of this Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That the Importer or Importers of such Goods from any of the said Colonies or Plantations herein-before mentioned, shall make Oath before the Collector and .Comptroller of his Majesty's Customs at the Port of Importation in this Kingdom (which Oath such Collector and Comptroller are hereby empowered to administer), that to the belt of his or their Knowledge and Belief, the Goods so imported are really and bond side the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the said respective Colonies or Plantations; and on Default of such Oath the Goods so imported shall be subject to the Payment of the like Duties as they would be liable to if imported from any Foreign West India Island; and such Goods shall upon Importation into this Kingdom be subject and liable to the like Securities, Restrictions, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in all other Respects not altered by this Act, as they would be liable to' if they were shipped at and imported from any British Island in the West Indies.

CAP. XCVI.

An Act to authorize the Commissioners of Excise to order the Restoration of exciseablfe Goods seized or detained by Officers of Excise.

[26th June 1802.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to give Power and Authority to the Commissioners of Excise in England

and Scotland respectively, or the major Part of them respectively, to order the Restoration of any exciseable Goods and Commodities seized or detained by any Officer or Officers of Excise, to be redo red to 1 the Claimants or Owners thereof, on such Terms and Conditions, or on Payment of such Fine or Penalty as

6 4 the

A.D. 18q2. 42° GEORGII III. C. 96, 97, 98. 527

the said Commissioners shall think reasonable and proper; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excel- Until March lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in 2 5* , 8?* this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, it shall and may be lawful cause^Goods^to and for the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, or the major Part of them respectively, and they are seized by Oflfi-hereby authorized and empowered to cause any Goods or Commodities which may have been seized or detained 10 be refry any Officer or Officers of Excise for any Cause or Forfeiture whatever, to be icftored to the Claimer or ^or«*d cither Owner thereof, either absolutely and unconditionally, or on Payment, in every Case where such respective or on^a wenT* Commissioners shall deem it right and proper, of the Expences attending the Seizure, Detention, and of any Gf Expences, Proceedings that may have been had thereon, and also of any such Fine or Penalty as the said respective Com- &c. missioners shall, in each respective Case, judge or deem reasonable and proper; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parli ament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That no Person shall be entitled by reason of the Restoration of any such Goods or Such Reftora-Commodities to bring or maintain any Action, Suit, or Information for the Seizure or Detention thereof

any Person or Persons who shall have seized or detained the fame, or been concerned therein.,

tions for Seizure.

CAP. XCVII.

against l'on shall not authorize Ac-

An Act to authorize the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in Great Britain, / and the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland', to order the Use of the Hydrometers now employed in the Management of the Revenues, to be discontinued, and other Instruments to be used instead thereof.

[26th June 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,7 C. 7.

An Act for making Allowances to the Dtalers in Foreign Wines, for tlsc Stock of certain Foreign Wines in 3r- §7*

their Possession at a certain Time, upon which the Duties on Importation have been paid; and for amending fevered Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise, it was enacted, that all Spirits should be deemed and taken to beuf the nrm a.) c. 9*7.*4 Strength at which the Hydrometer, commonly called Clarke* > Hydrometer should, upon Trial by an Officer \ 8.3 4 or Officers of Excise, denote such Spirits to be; which Provision was continued by divers other Acts, and made perpetual by an Act passed in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty: And whereas it is expedient that the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in England and Ireland respectively, should be empowered to direct that the Use of such Hydrometer should be discontinued, and that any other Hydrometer should be used in lieu thereof be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful The Treasury for the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in Great Britain, or any three or more of them for the , n Great Brium Time being, and for the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in Ireland for the Time being, or any that

three or more of them respectively, in Great Britain and Ireland, by their respective Warrants, to order and the U ft of direct that the Use of the said Hydrometer called Clbrke's Hydrometer, by Officers of Excise in the Trial of the Clarke's Hydro-Degree of the Strength of Spirits for any Purposes relating to the ascertaining the Amount of any Duties of meter for afeer-Customs or Excise 011 any Splnts, "orfor any^Purpose or Purposts whatever relating to any Revenue of Customs yvrExcise, or any RcguL'tib'ns'felating thereto, shall be discontinued, and that any other Hydrometer specified for the

TfTanyTuch Warrant, shall, for and during any Time specified 111 any such Warrant, be used in lieu thereof 5 Purposes of and during the Continuance of any such Order, all Spirits shall be deemed and taken to be of the Degree of the Revenue shall Strength at which any Hydrometer specified in any such Warrant shall, upon Trial by any Officer or Officers be riiiconti-of Excise, denote such Sspirits to be, to all Intents and Purposes as if any such Hydrometer was particularly a specified in this Act, any Thing in the said Act of the forty-first Year aforesaid, or any other Act or Acts to othvr ia

the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and all Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, ijCu thereof, for Matters, and Things in any Act or Acts relating to the ascertaining the Degree of Strength of any Spirits, or a Time, relating to the Degree of Strength of any Spirits for any Purpose whatever relating to any Revenue of Customs or Excise by the said Hydrometer called Clarke's Hydrometer shall be in full Force and applied in all Respeds as to any Hydrometer specified in any such Warrant during the Continuance of the Period for which the lame shall be thereby directed to be used as fully and effectually as if the same were hereby particularly re-enacted as to any such Hydrometer.

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act to continue, until the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, two Acts> made in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man \ and for improving the Revenue thereof.

[26th June 1802.]

Statutes 38 Geo. 3. c. 63. and 41 Geo. 3. (U. KJ) c. 5*4. recited and continued till 5th July 1803, §1."

II. And be it further enacted, That all Licences under the said Acts and this Act shall he granted to Con- Continuance of tinue in force for any Period not exceeding twelve Months from the first Day of July next ensuing the passing Lictmts, and of this Act; and that the Bond taken according to the Provisions of the said Acts shall be so*- the Importation Condition of of the Articles in respect whereof Licences are granted on or before the fifth Day of July One thousand eight n*hundred and three.

5^8

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

C. 99.

36-G. 3. c. 52.

Where Exe-cuiors, &c. shall not have paid the Duties on Legacies under 36 G. 3. c. 52.($6, &c.) the Court of Exchequer, on Application from the Stamp Office may grant a Rule against futh Executors, to deliver in an Account on Oath of Legacies paid, &c,

Registrars of Ecclesiastical Courts, within one Month after being required, fbnll deliver an Account of Wills, Sec. in their Custody, to the Stamp Office, on Penally of 50l.

Allowance of 4L per Cent, on Stamps under 5G 3. c. 46.

(S 6.) and 7 G 3. c. 44. (h 9-) or any other Act, shall after July 5, 1802, ceasej

[Sic Rot.]

and instead thereof, 9s. shall be allowed on ^ol.and is. (<L on every 5l. jiwre.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act for allowing the stamping certain Deeds until the thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two; for amending an Act, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates; for exempting certain Legacies from the Payment of Duty; for reducing the Allowances on present Payment of Stamp Duties; and for reducing certain Stamp Duties on Policies for Sea Insurances.

[26th June 1802.]

" Persons fending to the Stamp Office before December 31, 1802, Indentures and other Deeds stamped as re-u quired by Law before July 5, 1801, may have the same stamped under 41 G. 3. (£/. K.) cc. 10, 86, on u Payment of the additional Duties only, without any Penalty, §1, "

II. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which any Executor or Executors, or Administrator or Administrators, shall not have paid the Duties granted and payable upon or in respect of any Legacies, or any Personal Estate, or any Share or Shares of any Personal Estate, of any Persons dying intestate, by and in pursuance of an Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Duties on Legacies or Shares of Personal Estates, within proper and reasonable Time, it shall be lawful for his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, upon Application to be made for that Purpose on Behalf of the Commissioners appointed for managing the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, on such Affidavit or Affidavits as to the said Court may appear to be fumcient, to grant a Rule, requiring such Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, to shew Cause why he, she, or they should not deliver to the said Commissioners an Account, upon Oath, of all the Legacies, or of the Personal Property, respectively paid, or to be paid, or administered by him, her, or them, as the Case may be, and why the Duties on any such Legacies, or any Shares or Residue of any such Personal Estate, have not been paid or should not be forthwith paid according to Law, and to make any such Rule of Court absolute in every Case in which the same may appear to the said Court to be proper and necessary for the better enforcing the Payment of any of the said Duties.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, to require of every Regider or other Officer of any Ecclesiastical Court having the Custody or Care of any Wills proved in any such Court, or Account or Regider of any Administrations granted in any such Court, an Account of all such Wills and Letters of Administration, together with the Particulars relating thereto, and Extracts from any such Wills, as may seem necessary to such Commissioners, on Payment of such Fees as shall be agreed upon for the fame, or as, in Case of any Dispute, shall be settled and allowed by the Ecclesiastical Court for that Purpose; and every such Officer as aforesaid is hereby authorized and required, within one Month after any such Requisition so made by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or by any Person authorized by them for that PurpoL, to make out and deliver such Account as aforesaid; and if any such Regider or other Officer as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to make out and deliver any such Account as aforesaid, within one Month after any Demand made as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully make out and deliver any false Account, every such Regider or other Officer shall forfeit for every such Offence fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Information in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General, to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

" The Legacies of A. Morris Slorer Esq. of Books, &c. to Eton College, and the Legacy of S. Whitbread " Esq. of 8, ooool. for a publick Hospital in Bedfordshire, exempted from Duty, §4."

V. And be it further enacted, That the Allowance after the Rate of four Pounds in one hundred Pounds per Annum for six Months, authorized to be made by an Act of Parliament, passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Aumissions into Corporations or Com- panics; and for further securing and improving the Stamp Duties in Great Britain, and by another Act, passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Po- licies of Assurance; and for reducing the Allowance to be made in respect of the prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors; and for explaining and amending federal Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs; and by any other Act or Acts relating to any Stamp Duties, whereby any like Allowance, not exceeding the Amount aforesaid, is allowed or authorized to be made to every Person who shall at one Time bring to be damped, or buy of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties, on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, the Duties whereof shall amount to ten Pounds and upwards, upon the present Payment of the said Duties shall, from and after the fifth Day of July next, cease and determine.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, in dead and in lieu of such Allowance, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, and they are hereby required on Demand thereof, to allow and pay in Great Britain, to every Person who shall at one Time bring to be damped, or buy of the said Commissioners Vellum, Parchment, or Paper charged with any Stamp Duties, upon which any Allowance to the Amount aforesaid has been heretofore allowed and paid by such Commissioners as aforesaid, the Duties whereof shall, in the Whole, amount to thirty Pounds, the Sum of nine Shillings and no more, for such Amount of thirty Pounds as aforesaid; and the further Sum of one Shilling and six Pence and no more, for every further Amount of five Pounds, above such thirty Pounds aforesaid, upon the present Payment of the said Duties at the Head Office for marking or damping Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; Provided always, that nothing herein

contained

C.

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 99, 100. 529

contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter or repeal any Provisions or Powers in any Act or Acts relating to the allowing and paying any greater or different Allowance, in relation to any Stamp Duties in respect whereof any greater or different Allowance than aforesaid is allowed and directed to be given or made by any Act or Acts of Parliament.

VII. 4 And whereas it is expedient that the Duties now payable on Policies of Insurance should be reduced in all Cases where the Premium, or Consideration in Nature of a Premium, actually and bond fde paid, given, or contrafted for, shall not exceed the Rate of twenty Shillings for every hundred Pounds insured; be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and two, in every Case where the Premium, or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, actually and bond side paid, given, or contrafted for, shall not exceed the Rate of twenty Shillings for every or any one hundred Pounds insured, the respective Proportions of the Duties granted and imposed by the respective Acts herein after mentioned, that is to say, one Half of the Stamp Dnty of two Shillings and Sixpence granted and imposed by an Act, passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Sea Insurancesy and also one Half of the additional Stamp Duty of two Shillings and Sixpence granted and imposed by an Act, passed in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Bids of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and Insurancesy and on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds, upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Insurance upon any Ship or Ships, Goods or Merchandize, or upon any other Property or Interest whereon Insurance may lawfully be made, shall be engrossed, printed, or written, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that, from and after the said first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and two, there shall be payable and paid upon all and every Insurance or Insurances, where the Premium, or Consideration in Nature of a Premium, actually and bond fde paid, given, or contrafted for, shall not exceed the Rate of twenty Shillings for every or any one hundred Pounds, or Sum not amounting to one hundred Pounds, or any progressive Sums of one hundred Pounds, or any fractional Part of one hundred Pounds, such and the like Duties only, and under and subject to the like Rules and Regulations, as are in and by the said two last recited Acts granted, imposed, enacted, and made, upon Insurances where the Premium, or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, actually and bond side paid, given, or contrafted for, shall not exceed the Rate of ten Shillings per Centum on the Sum insured.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon all and every such Insurances or Insurance, where the Premium, or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, actually and bond side paid, given, or contrafted for, shall not exceed the Rate of twenty Shillings per Centum on the Sum insured, it shall be lawful in all Cases where the Sum insured shall amount to two hundred Pounds or upwards, to use Stamps of five Shillings for every, two hundred Pounds of the Sum insured, instead of Stamps of two Shillings and Sixpence for every one hundred Pounds of the like Sum so insured.

other Allowances shall not be affected by this Act.

Where the Premium on Insurances shall not exceed 20s. per Cent, one Half of the two Stamp Duties of 2t. 6<L under 3 5 G, 3. c. 63. and 41 G. 3. c. to shall cease; and Duties Dull be paid as on Insurances, where the Premium does not exceed 10s. per Cent.

One Stamp of

may be used for every aoot. instead of two Stamps of 2». 6d*

CAP. C.

An Act for enlarging the Time for which Horses may be let to Hire without being subject to any annual Duty; for explaining and amending several Acts relating to the Duties on Horses, Servant^ and Carriages; and for authorizing the Allowance in the Accounts of the Receivers General of the several Sums advanced by them, in pursuaned of the Acts for raising a Provisional Force of Cavalry, and not reimbursed to them by Assessment.

[26th June 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Licences taken out by Persons letting Horses for the Purpose of travelling Pofty and on Horses let to Hire for travelling Pofty and by Timey and on Stage Coaches; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof and also additional Duties on Horses let to Hire for travelling Pofty and by Timey a Duty

is charged for every Horse let to Hire for a Day, , or any less Period of Time, for drawing any Carriage in

the Manner therein mentioned; and it is by the said Act declared and enacted, that every Horse hired for any less Period of Time than two successive complete Days, should be deemed for the Purposes of the said Act to be hired for a Day, and should be subject to all the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as Horses

hired for a Day, or less Period of Time, for drawing such Carriages as aforesaid, are by the said Act made ( liable and subject to: And whereas Doubts have amen whether Horses so hired, in Cases where the Distaoces

shall not be ascertained, are subject to the Duty granted by the said Act for each Day of such Hiring; and also whether the Provisions of the said Act extend to Persons letting out Horses to Hire by the Job, for any Period of Time exceeding two Days, where the Use of such Horses cannot be previously ascertained; and

it is expedient to extend the Time for which Horses may be hired for such Purposes, subject to the Duties,

Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions in the said Act mentioned May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the thirty-first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, any Horse, Marc, or Gelding may be let out to Hire for any Period of Time, not exceeding twenty-eight successive complete Days, by any Person or Persons whatever, having obtained a Licence according to the Directions of the said Act; and that every Horse, Mare, or Gelding hired for any less Period of Time than twenty-eight successive complete Days whether by the Job or otherwise, where the Distance such Horse, Mare, or Gelding shall travel, or the Use thereof, shall not be or cannot be ascertained at the Time of such Letting, shall be deemed to be hired for a Day within the Meaning and for the Purposes of the said Act; and the Person and Persons so hiring the same shall be subject to the like Duty for each Day for which such Horse,

42 Geo. III. 3 Y Mare,

*5 G- 3* c. S'-

From Jan. 3f, '

1803, any Horse rr.ay b« let so Hire for any Time not exceeding 28 Days by any licensed Pei font and every Hoifc hired for a left

530 C. ioo. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

Time where the Diliance shall not be nfceitained, shall be deemed hired for the D.iyjand when the Period of Hi: ing shall exceed zi Days, it shall be reckoned as for two or more Days, ice. subject toall the Regulations of the recited

Aa.

Tickets supplied hr the Stamp Office may be filled up accordingly.

Persons lesting Horses for more than iH Days, shall, in an Account to be provided (See §9.), enter a Memorandum of every Ticket issued by them, on Penalty of 50L

Persons letting Servants or Carriages without Horses shall keep Account thereof, on Penalty of 50L

*37-

ft5 G. 3. c. 43. C. 7, 6.J

29 G. 3. c. 49.

[*30

Mare, or Gelding shall be so hired, and the Person or Persons letting the same shall be subject to the like Licence Duty, and they respectively shall be subject to all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures as Persons letting Horses to Hire, or hiring the same for a Day, or less Period of Time, for the Purposes of the said Act, are by the said Act made liable and subject to; and every Horse, Mare, or Gelding hired for any Period of Time exceeding twenty-eight successive complete Days, for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act, whether by the Job or otherwise, where the Diflanee such Horse, Mare, or Gelding shall travel, or the Use thereof, shall not be or cannot be ascertained at the Time of such Letting, shall be deemed to be hired for two or more Days, and the Person or Persons so letting the same to Hire, and hiring the same respectively, shall be subject to all the Rules, Regulations, Rttlridions, Penalties, and Forfeitures as Persons letting Horses to Hire, 6r hiring the fame, for the Purposes of the said Act, are by the said Act made liable and subject to; and all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things in the said Act contained, for charging the Duty in Cases of such Letting for a Day, as are mentioned in the said Act, shall extend to all Cases of such Letting for twenty-eight successive complete Days, or any less Period of Time, where the Distance or Use as aforesaid shall not be or cannot be ascertained; and also all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things in the said Act contained for preventing Frauds, where Horses shall be let to Hire as expressed in the said Act for two or more Days shall extend and be applied to all Cases of letting Horses to Hire as aforesaid, for twenty-eight or more successive complete Days, as fully and efftdually as if the Provisions of this Act before mentioned had been inserted in the said recited Act, and incorporated therewith; and the Notes* Tickets, or Certificates to be supplied from the Stamp Office as directed by the said Act, to distinguish the Cases of Horses being hired for a Day, or any less Period of Time, from Hirings for two or more Days, shall respectively be filled up and delivered to distinguish the Cases of letting for twenty-eight Days, or any less Period of Time, from Hirings for more than twenty-eight Days, but nevertheless in all other Respects in the Manner and under the Regulations contained in the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Person letting any Horses to Hire for any Period of Time exceeding twenty-eight successive complete Days, shall, from and after the thirty-first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, in an Account to be provided annually, and prepared as herein after is mentioned*, enter or cause to be entered a Note or Memorandum of every Ticket or Certificate of such Hiring, to be issued by him or her in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, on the Day on which the same shall be issued*, and shall insert therein the Day of the Month, the Number of Horses so hired, and the Period of such Hiring* and the Name and Place of Abode of the Person hiring the fame, and to which such Person shall add the Name of every Servant, whether Coachman, Groom, Poflilion, or Helper, hired with such Horses, and also the Description of every Carriage, whether Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Sociable, Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise*. or Caravan, by whatever Name or Names the same may be called or known, and let to Hire with such Horses; and if any Person so letting Horses to Hire shall neglect to insert in such Account a Note or Memorandum of every such Ticket or Certificate in the Manner before directed, or to make such Addition thereto as is before directed, or shall wilfully insert therein any false or fiditious'Account, with a fraudulent Intent, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Person letting to Hire any Coachman, Groom, Postilion, or Helper, or any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise, or Caravan, or any other Carriage, by whatever Name the same may be called, without letting Horses therewith, shall also, from and after the thirty-first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, enter or cause to be entered in such Account as aforesaid, on the Day on which the same shall be let, the Day of the Month, the Name of each Servant, and the Description of each Carriage so hired, and the Period of such Hiring, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Person hiring the fame; and if any Person so letting to Hire any Servants or Carriages shall neglect to insert in such Account any of the Particulars before mentioned, or shall wilfully insert therein any false or fiditious Account with a fraudulent Intent, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

IV. 4 And whereas by an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting ta his Majesty certain additional Duties on Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and for consolidattng the same with the present Duties thereony certain Duties are granted on Servants, Carriages, and Horses, to be raised under the Regulations of the said Act, and consolidated with other Duties granted by former Acts: And whereas by an Act, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An 4 A3 to repeal the Duties on Male Servants, and for granting new Duties on Male and Female Servants, it is enacted, that the Duty granted for every Coachman, Groom, Pollilion, or Helper, let out to Hire, by way of Job, should be paid by the Master or Mistress to whose Use and in whose Service such Coachman, Poflilion, or Helper should be employed respectively; and by the said Act it is also further enacted, that the said Duty shall not extend to any Male Servant who shall be retained or employed bond fde for the Purposes of any Trade or Calling, by which the Master or Mistress of such Servant shall earn a Livelihood or Profit: And whereas by an Act, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Rates and Duties upon Horses and Carriages with four Wheels; and for explaining and amending an Act Pqjfed in the twenty fifth Year of his present Majesty, as far as relates to certain Carriages with two or three Wheels therein mentioned, reciting that Doubts had arisen on whom the Duties in respect of Horses let out by the Year, Month, or other Period, for the Purpose of drawing any Coach, Ber- 4 lin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, or other Carriage therein enumerated should be chargeable, it is enacted, that in every such Case the said Duties should be deemed and taken to be chargeable on, and paid by the Person or Persons respectively by whom such Horses should be hired: And whereas by the said Act of the present Session certain Duties expressed in Schedule B. N° 1, are imposed on all Carriages, to be charged on the Person or Persons keeping the fame, for his, her, or their own Use or to let out to Hire: And whereas

4 it

53i

A.D. 1802. 42 GEORGII III. C. 10o.

it is expedient to ascertain the Duties to be charged on Horses let to Hire for the Purpose of drawing any

Carriage for the different Periods of Time-herein. before described, and also the Duties chargeable on the Servants and Carriages that may be let to be used together with or without such Horses be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, where any Horses, Mares, or Geldings shall have been or shall be kept for the Purpose of being let to Hire by the Mile or Stage, to be used in travelling Poll, or for any Period of Time, whether by the Job or otherwise, and whether the Dillances such Horses, Mares, or Geldings shall travel, or the Uses thereof, shall or shall not or cannot be ascertained by any Person duly licensed by the Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, the Stamp Office Duty for which at each Time of Letting for every Day thereof shall have been or shall be duly paid according to the Regulations of the said first recited Act, the Regulations of the said Act and this Act shall be duly complied with, and which Horses, Mares, or Geldings shall not at any Time be used for any other Purpose, or let to Hire in any other Manner, then and in such Case no annual Duty shall be charged by virtue of the said Act of the present Session, or any Act therein referred to, either in respect of such Horses, Mares, or Geldings, or in respect of any Coachman, Groom, Postilion, or Helper, being bondjide the Servant of such licerifed Person, and let to Hire for the Purpose of taking Care of such Horses, Mares, or Geldings, or of driving or riding the fame, nor Tiny greater Duty than the annual Duty of eight Pounds eight Shillings, in the said Schedule mentioned, in respect of any Carriage with four Wheels, bond Jide the Property of such licensed Person, and let to Hire with such Horses for such lati mentioned Period; nor any greater Duty in respect of any Carriage with less than four Wheels than the respective Duties mentioned in Schedule B. N° 2. in the said Act of the present Session.

V. And be it further enacted, That where any Horse, Mare, or Gelding shall have been or shall be let to Hire in any other Manner or for any other Purpose than as before described, or where the Stamp Office Duty granted by the said first recited Act of the twenty-fifth Year aforesaid, shall not have been or shall not be payable on any Letting to Hire as aforesaid, or shall not have been or shall not be duly paid and satisfied on such Letting; and also where any Coachman, Groom, Pollilion, or Helper, or any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Sociable, Chariot, Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise, or Chair, or other Carriage with two or more Wheels, by whatever Name the same shall be called, shall have been or shall be let to Hire without letting any Horses to be used therewith, the annual Duties granted and consolidated by the said Act of the present Session on Servants, Carriages, and Horses respectively, shall be and are hereby declared to be chargeable by AfTcffinent on the Person or Persons retaining or keeping the same to let to Hire, and not on the Person or Persons for whose Use or in whose Service such Servants, Carriages, and Horses shall be employed, who shall be exempted from the same, except in the Cases herein after mentioned*; and the Duties which shall be chargeable in every such Case shall be charged in respect of such Servants according to the Rates specified in the Schedule marked A., and in respect of such Carriages according to the progressive Rates on the Number kept specified in the Schedule marked

B. NJ 1., and in respect of such Horses according to the Rates specified in the Schedule marked C. N° 1. respectively annexed to the said Act of the present Session, for the respective Periods and according to the Regulations of the said Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person letting to Hire any Servants, Carriages, or Horses in such Manner as to be chargeable to the said annual Duty as aforesaid, shall annually return a LIII of the greaUtl Number of such Servants, Carriages, and Horses, kept by him or her at any one Time in the Years ending on the fifth Day of slpril preceding the Time for making such Return to the Afieffor or Assessors for the Parish or Place where such Servants, Carriages, or Horses shall have been or shall be kept, or where such Person shall reside, in like Manner, and within and for the like Period, and under the like Penalties, as Returns of Servants, Carriages, and Horses subject to the annual Duties before mentioned by the said Act of the present Session, and thereby directed to be made: Provided always, that such Returns for the present Year may be made at any Time on or before the twentieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two; and every such LIII shall specify the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons for whose Use and in whole Service such Servants, Carriages, and Horses shall have hern or shall be employed, and the Number of each let to Hire to every such Person, and the Period of each letting, according to which the said annual Duties shall be charged on the Penon or Persons letting such Servants, Carriages, and Horses to Hire; and if any such Person shall neglect or refuse to return such Lift, or shall wilfully omit any Name or Description, or any Particular which ought to be inserted therein, or shall wilfully inl'ert therein any Matter or Thing which shall be untrue with Intent to evade the Payment of the said Duties, or any of them, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That where any Person shall hire or shall have hired any Servants, Carriages, or Horses in such Manner that the said annual Duties shall he chargeable on the Person or Persons letting the fame, then such Hirer shall annually return a LIII of the greatest Number of such Servants, Carriages, and Horses to the Assessor or Assessors for the Parish or Place where such Hirer shall reside or be at the Time such Return ought to be made, in like Manner and within and for the like Period, and under the like Penalties as Returns of Servants, Carriages, and Horses exempted from the annual Duties before mentioned by the said last mentioned Act, are thereby directed to be made; and every such Lift shall specify the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons by whom such Servants, Carriages, and Horses shall have been or shall be let to Hire, and the Period of such Letting; and if any such Person shall neglect or refuse to return such LIII, or shall wilfully omit any Name or Description, or any Particular which ought to he inserted therein, or shall wilfully insert any Matter or Thing with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors of the said Duties, or arty of them, every such Periou shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Servants, Carriages, or Horses shall have been or shall be let to Hire in such Manner to render the Person or Persons letting the same liable to the said annual Duties,

Where Horse s arc kept for letting to Hire by the Mile or Stage, or for any Period of Time, the Stamp Office Duty being paid, no annual Duty shall be charged under c. 37. cither for such Horses or for Servants let to take Care of them; nor more than the Duties mentioned therein for Carriages let with such Hoifes.

Where Horset shall be let in any ether Manner, or Stamp Office Duty not paid, or Servants or Carnages lei without Horses, theannualDuties underc. 37.shall be a(Te(Tcd on the Persons letting them.

[* See $ 7, 8.]

Persons letting Servants, Carriages, or Horses, shall annually return a List of the greatest Number kept by them within the Year ending April 5, on Penalty of 50L

The Hirers of such Ser\ants, Carriages, or Hoi ft4 shall annually return a List thereof, on Pcualty ol 50l.;

On their Nrg-Ic^l, the Act (Tor may fuichaigo

332

them, unless the Person letting has been brought into Charge lor the Duty.

P oof whereof shall lie on the Hirer.

Perms of the annual Accounts of Servants, Carriages and Horses hit, shall le deliver* d f.otn the Tax Office, and shall ycaily be returned by the Parties chargeable filled up and signed to the Assessor or Surveyor, &c. /on Penally of SO I.

fTow Duties for the present Yeir on Servants, Carriages, and Horses let before April 5, i&02, and for the subsequent Year before Jan.31, 1803, shall be afeerttined.

Returns made since April 5, 1802, without Notice of this Act, may be amended.

Gate Keepers and Farmers of the Duty shall permit Surveyors to insped Certificates 'filed.

I/ift of I.icensed Persons shall be fcnttoTax Office.

Recovery of Penalties.

C. 100. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

and the Hirer shall not make such Return as by this Act is required, then and in such Case the Duties chargeable in respect thereof for one Year shall and may be charged upon and paid by the Person or Persons hiring such Servants, Carriages, and Horses, by the Surcharge of the AfTJTor, Surveyor, or Jrifpedor, over and above the Penalty incurred for any Neglect or Omission as aforesaid, unless the Person or Persons letting the same shall have been brought into Charge for the same Servants, Carriages, and Horses respectively; and if any Dispute shall arise whether the Person or Persons so letting to Hire any Servants, Carriages, or Horses, shall have been brought into Charge for the fame, the Proof thereof shall lie on the Hirer of such Servants, Carriages, and Horses so surcharged, who, on such Surcharges, shall be permitted to allege the same on Oath or folenrn Affirmation, or to prove the same by lawful Evidence to be produced and shewn by him or her: Provided, that tire Party shall not be exempted unless the Exemption and the Cause thereof mall have been duly returned to the Assessor or Assessors as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall cause to be prepared and issued to every Person applying for the fame, and leaving his or her Name and Place of Abode in Writing at the Office for Taxes, or with any Surveyor of the said Duties for the District where the Person making such Application shall reside, proper Forms for entering the annual Accounts herein-before required to be made of the Servants, Carriages, and Horses let to Hire, in such Manner as to fubied the Party to the Payment of the said annual Duties according to the Directions of this Act; and every such Account shall, at the End of each Year (all such Entries as aforesaid being first duly made), be signed by the Party with his or her own proper Name, in his or her usual Manner of writing or signing the fame, and returned to the Assessor or Afferfors of the Parish or Place where the Party shall reside, for the Use of the Surveyor of the District as aforesaid, or to such Surveyor as the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall direct, at such Time as the Returns of Servants, Carriages, and Horses liable to the said annual Duties, are by the said Act of the present Session, and this Act, directed to be made; and in Default of such Application, the Party shall be obliged to provide proper Forms for the said Purposes, and shall cause all such Entries to be duly made therein, and the same to be signed and delivered to the Assessor or Surveyor, in like Manner as is before directed for the Accounts issued from the Office for Taxes; and if any Person shall neglect to deliver such Accounts duly filled up and signed within the Time limited as aforesaid for making such Returns, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

X. And whereas it is expedient to ascertain the Duties which may be payable for the present Year in respect of Servants, Carriages, and Horses, let to Hire before the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two, and also for the subsequent Year, in respect of Servants, Carriages, and Horses, let or to be let to Hire before the thirty-first Day of Jmmiary One thousand eight hundred and three be it further enacted, That where any Horses, Mares, or Geldings, shall have been or shall be let to Hire within the before.mentioned Period, in such Manner as to subject the same to any Duty granted by the said first recited Act of the twenty-fifth Year aforesaid, no annual Duty shall be chargeable in respect of such Horses, Mares, or Geldings, nor in respect of any Coachman, Groom, Postilion, or Helper, hired to be employed therewith 5 nor any greater Duty than the annual Sum of eight Pounds and eight Shillings in respect of any Carriage with four Wheels; nor any greater Duty than the annual Sums mentioned in Schedule B. N° 2, in respect of any Carriage with less than four Wheels, hired to be used with such Horses, Mares, or Geldings; and where any Horses, Mares, or Geldings shall have been or shall be let to Hire within the before mentioned Period, in such Manner as not to subject the same to any Duty granted by the said first recited Act, or any such Servant or Carriage shall have been or shall be let within the said Period, without such Horses, Mares, or Geldings, being let therewith, then the annual Duty chargeable for the same shall be charged on the respective Persons letting or hiring the same as the Case may require, according to the Regulations of this Act before mentioned.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Returns which shall have been made since the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two, or which shall be made without Notice of this Act, of Servants, Carriages, and Horses let to Hire before the said fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two, where the Case (kail require, the same may be amended or altered on Application to the Assessor or Assessors to whom such Returns shall have been delivered so as to be made conformable to the Regulations of this Act; and after such Amendment or Alteration the same shall be as valid and effectual as if the same had been returned in the first Instance, according to this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Gate Keeper, by whom any Certificate shall be filed of any Horses let to Hire, in such Manner as not to subject the Hirer thereof to any Btamp Office Duty by the said first recited Act, and every Collector or Fanner of the said Stamp Office Duty, to whom such Certificate shall be delivered by such Gate Keeper, according to the said first recited Act, or any other Act relating to the said Duty, shall at all seasonable Times permit the Surveyors of the said annual Duties before mentioned, to insped such Certificates gratis, and to take Copies thereof, or such Parts thereof, or Extrads from the same, as the said Surveyors shall think necessary for securing the Payment of the said annual Duties.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Name and Place of Abode of every Person licensed by the Commissionera for managing the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, under the said first recited Act, shall annually be transmitted to the Office for the Affairs of Taxes.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Penalties imposed by this Act for any Offence against the fame, shall be sued for and recovered, in the Cases applicable to the Duty imposed by the said first recited Act, by such Ways and Methods as any Penalty may be recovered under the said Act, and in Cases applicable to the said annual Duties, by such Ways and Methods as any Penalty may be recovered under the fiud Ad of the 5>wfertt*Session.

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. ioo, iot.

XV. # And whereas in pursuance of an Act, passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise a Provisional Force of Cavalry to be embodied in case of Necessily, for the Defence of these Kingdoms, and other Act* relating to the rrovisional Cavalry, the respective Receivers General have advanced out of the publick Monies, wherewith they are charged, certain Sums of Money which ought to have been reimbursed to them by Assettment on the Persons chargeable to the Duties on Horses: And whereas certain of the said Sums have not yet been reimbursed to the said Receivers

General, whereby the passing of their Accounts has been delayed be it further enacted, That the Auditor of the respective Duties at his Majesty's Exchequer, out of which the Receivers General have advanced any Sum or Sums of Money in pursuance of the said Acts, relating to the Provisional Cavalry, and which have not been reimbursed to them, shall, in passing the Accounts of such Receivers General, allow to them respectively all such Sums of Money as shall appear to be so in Arrear and unpaid.

---

CAP. CI.

An Act for repealing the Rates and Duties of Pottage upon Letters to and from France and the Batavian Republick from and to London, and for granting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof; and for exempting from the Duty of Tonnage the Ships and Vessels to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters from France to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

[26th June 1802.]

---

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for establishing a General Post Office for all her Majesty's Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, certain Rates of Postage were authorized to be taken for the Port of Letters and Packets from France unto London, and from the United Provinces unto London; and by an Act of Parliament, passed in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Rates and Duties of Postage in Great Britain, and granting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof, and on Letters conveyed to or from any Part of the United Kingdom from or to any Place out of the said Kingdom, and by Packet Boats from or to the Ports of Holyhead and Milford Haven, certain additional Rates of Postage were granted for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets to or from any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from or to any Places out of the said Kingdom, not within his Majesty's Dominions: And whereas it is expedient that the Rates of Postage upon Letters from France to London and from London to France, should be equalized, and that the Rates of Postage from the Batavian Republick to London and from London to the Batavian Republick, should also be equalized; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Rates of Postage now payable on the Conveyance of Letters and Packets to or from France and the Batavian Republick from or to London, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease and determine; save and except in all Cases relating to the demanding, recovering, receiving, paying, or accounting for any Arrears thereof respectively, which may at the Time of the passing of this Act remain unpaid, or any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture respecting the same, which shall have been incurred at any Time before the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the pasting of this Act, it shall be lawful for his Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto sufficiently authorized, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, receive, and take for the Conveyance of all Letters and Packets which shall be conveyed, carried, or sent by Post from London directed to any Part of France, and from any Part of France unto London, according to the several Rates and Sums herein-after mentioned, the same being rated by the Letter or by the Ounce; (that is to say,) for every single Letter ten Pence, for every double Letter one Shilling and eight Pence, for every treble Letter two Shillings and six Pence, and for every Ounce in Weight three Shillings and four Pence; and for the Conveyance of all Letters and Packets which shall be conveyed, carried, or sent Post from London, directed to any Part of the Batavian Republick, and from any Part of the Batavian Republick unto London, according to the several Rates and Sums herein-after mentioned, the same being rated by the Letter or by the Ounce; (that is to say,) for every single Letter one Shilling, for every double Letter two Shillings, for every treble Letter three Shillings, and for every Ounce in Weight four Shillings.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to arise by the Rates aforesaid, except the Monies which shall be necessary to defray such Expences as shall be incurred in the Collection and Management of the same, shall be appropriated and applied to such and the same Uses to which the like present Rates of Postage are by Law appropriated and made applicable.

IV. 4

And whereas an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Goods imported into and exported from Great Britain, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels entering Outwards or Inwards in any Port of Great Britain to or from Foreign Parts: And whereas it is expedient to exempt Ships and Vessels employed by the French Republick to convey the Mails of Letters between the two Countries from the Duties on Tonnage granted by the said Act on Ships and Vessels entering Inwards; be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said last recited Act as grants any Duties on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels entering Inwards, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed as to all Ships and Vessels which now are or hereafter shall be employed by or under the Authority of the French Republick in conveying Mails of Letters from France to any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, whilst actually employed in conveying such Mails.

S33

37 G. 3. c. 6.

Auditor of Exchequer may albw Receivers General Monty advanced for Provisional Cavalry.

9 Anns, c. 10.

41 G. 3. (t/. A".) c. 7.

Rates of Poftafe 00 Letters to or from France and the Batavian Republick fron or to London (kail cease; and the Rates herein mentioned Hull be paid.

Rates.

Rates dull be applied as former Raws.

c. 43.

French Veiled

conveying Mail* exempted from Tonnage Duty Inwards. und»*r S7* a»d >ched/ D. of recked AO.

A.D. 1802.

534

27 O. 3. c. 27.

32 G. 3. c. 43.

33 G. 3. c. 5Q.

Until July 1, 1803, &c. his Majesty in Council may permit the Importation and Exportation to and from Road Harbour, of all such A nicies as are permitted under recited Acts, to and from the Port of NaflTau, subject to like Duties and Regulations, &c.

Irtfh A a,

40 G. 3. c. 4. Sched. A.B.

[See c. 31. of this Session. J

Recited Duty repealed.

C. 102, 103. 42° GEORGII III.

CAP. CII.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to permit the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into and from the Port of Road Harbour in the Island of Tortola, until the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, and from thence until six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

[26th June 1802.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain Articles, Goods, and Commodities enumerated in an Act, parted 1 in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, I Tares f and Merchandise, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Mon-

tego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the //land ©/'Grenada, in

1 the Port of Roseau in the Island ©/'Dominica, and in the Port of Nafiau in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; in an Act, passed in the thirty-second Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on

x the Exportation of Sugar; and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda

' Islands, in Foreign Ships; and in an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend an Act passed in the twenty seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandise in Foreign Ships, into and from certain Ports and Places ' in the West Indies; and for amending so much of an Act made in the thirty second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the permitting the Importation of Sugar into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands, in Foreign Ships; and so much of two Acts made in the twenty-eighth and thirty first Tears of his present Majesty's Reign, as

prohibits the Importation of Timber into any Island under the Dominion of his Majesty in the West Indies from any Foreign Colony or Plantation in the West Indies or South America; andfo much of the said Ady made in the twenty-'4 eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Pitchy Tar, and Turpentine, into Nova Scotia or New Brunswick, from any Country belonging to the United States of America; should be permitted by his Majestyr, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, to be imported from Countries and Plantations in America and the West 1tidies, belonging to or under the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or 14 State into the Port ol Road Harbour in the Istand of Tortola, one of the Virgin Istands, and to be exported from thence to this Kingdom, in the same Manner, and subject to the same Duties, Rules, Regulations,

Conditions, and Restrictions, and to the same Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach thereof, as are provided, with Respect to the Port of Nassau in the Istand of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, in the said Acts or in any other Act or Ada of Parliament for amending or continuing the fame, and subject to such other Rules, Regulations, Conditions, and restrictions as shall be directed by his Majesty, by" and with the Advice aforesaid; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and until the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, and from thence until six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, to permit the Importation into the said Port of Road Harbour in the Istand of Tortola, one of the Virgin Islands, and the Exportation from thence to this Kingdom, of all such Articles, Goods, and Commodities as aforesaid, as are permitted by the said Acts to be imported into the said Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, and to be exported from thence to this Kingdom; and such Articles, Goods, and Commodities, shall and may be imported and exported in the same Manner, and shall be subject to the same Duties, and intitled to the same Drawback, and shall be subject to the same Rules, Regulations, Conditions, and restrictions, and to the same Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach thereof as are provided in the said Acts or any of them, respecting such Importation into the said Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, and the Exportation from thence to this Kingdom, and shall be subject to such other Rules, Regulations, Conditions, and restrictions, as shall from Time to Time be directed by his Majesty, byr and with the Advice aforesaid.

CAP. CIII.

An Act to repeal the additional Duty of six Pounds per Centum on the Duties payable on the Importation into Ireland of certain Goods imported by Retailers or Consumers j and for repealing and reducing certain Duties on Policies of Insurance and Sea Insurances in Ireland.

[26th June 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting for one Tear the several Duties therein mentioned, in lieu of all other Duties payable upon the Articles therein specified during the said Term, and for regulating the Trade between this Kingdom and his Majesty's Colonies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, by which several Duties are granted to his Majesty, payable upon the Importation into Ireland, during the Time therein limited, of several Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, and, amongst others, upon all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, except Sugars imported into Ireland, by any Person being a Retailer or Consumer, an additional Duty after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum on the Duties payable thereon respectively, over and above the Amount of such Duties; And whereas the said additional Duty of six Pounds per Centum hath been continued until and upon the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three; and it is expedient that the same should be no longer payable therefore be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act, or of any other Act, as grants or continues the said additional Duty of six Pounds per Centum, shall, from and after ten Days next after the passing of this Act, be and the lame is hereby repealed.

6

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 103.

II. And whereas by another Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland\ in the fortieth Year of his said

Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majtly, his Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned\ to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties, a Stamp Duty of four Shillings is granted on every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Piece or Sheet of Paper on which should be en-

grofled or written or printed any Policy of Insurance, and also a certain rateable Duty for all Insurances of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes from Dangers of or other Perils at Sea, which last mentioned Act, and the Duties thereby granted, were, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, continued until and upon the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two: And whereas by another Act made in

the said last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty, until the twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, additional Stamp Duties in Ireland, on Bonds, Bills of Exchange, and

Promtffory Notes, and on certain Insurances therein mentioned, and for Relief of Persons in I reland holding obliga-

tory Instruments called Kerry' Bonds, which have been executed without being duly stamped, certain additional Stamp Duties in Ireland were granted on Insurances for insuring Ships, Goods, Wares, or Merchandize from the Dangers of or other Perils at Sea; and by an AdpafTed in this Session of Parliament, all the Duties and additional Duties by the said Acts granted are continued until and upon the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three: And whereas according to the said Acts a double Duty is imposed upon every Policy of Insurance; that is to say, the said Duty of four Shillings in respect of the Parchment or Paper on which the Policy of Insurance is written, and the other a rateable Duty according to the Amount of the Sum insured thereby: And whereas it was intended that every Policy of Insurance should be subject only to the rateable Duty on the Sum insured, be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Act, made in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty, as granted the said Duty of four Shillings on every Policy of Insurance, and of so much of the said other Acts as continues the fame, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be and the same are hereby repealed; and that no other Duty shall be paid on any Insurance made in Ireland than the rateable Duty according to the Sum which, by any such Policy, shall be insured; any Thing in the said Acts or any of them to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. 4 And whereas it is expedient that the Sum of two Shillings and six Pence of the additional Rate or Duty of three Shillings and six Pence, and also the additional Duty of one Shilling by the said Act of the said last Session of Parliament granted on Insurances of Ships, Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes should not be charged on any Insurance herein after mentioned; be it therefore enacted, That the said additional Rate or Duty granted by the said Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, upon Insurances of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes from Dangers of or other Perils at Sea, shall not, from and after the passing of this Act, be charged or payable upon any Insurance of Ships, Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, or other Property or Interest, for any Voyage, to or from any Part or Place of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sark, or the Isle of Man, from or to any other Part or Place in the said Kingdom, or in the said Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. 4 And whereas it is expedient that the Duties payable by virtue of the said recited Acts, on Policies of Insurance made in Ireland, of Ships, Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes from Dangers of or Perils at Sea, should be reduced in all Cases where the Premium shall not exceed the Rate of twenty Shillings for every one hundred Pounds insured; ' be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, in every Case where the Premium for any such Insurance shall not exceed the Rate of twenty Shillings for every one hundred Pounds insured, one Half of the Stamp Duty of one Shilling and six Pence granted and imposed upon such Policies of Insurance by the said last mentioned Act, passed in the fortieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, and also one Half of the additional Stamp Duty of three Shillings and six Pence granted and imposed on such Policies of Insurance by the said Act, passed in the forty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign, shall cease and be no longer payable; and that, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, there shall, upon any Insurance made in Ireland on any Ships, Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes from Dangers of or Perils at Sea, where the Premium, or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, actually and bond fde paid, given, or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of twenty Shillings for every or any one hundred Pounds, or Sum not amounting to one hundred Pounds, or any progressive Sums of one hundred Pounds, or any fradional Part of one hundred Pounds, be paid or payable such and the like Duties only, and under and subject to the like Rules and Regulations as are, by the said recited Act, granted or imposed upon Insurances, where the Premium actuallyr and bond fde paid shall not exceed the Rate of ten Shillings per Centum on the Sum insured; (that i3 to say), upon any such Insurance where the Premium, or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, actually and bond fde paid, given, or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of twenty Shillings, where the Sum to be insured shall amount to one hundred Pounds, a Stamp Duty of two Shillings and six Pence, and so progressively for every Sum ot one hundred Pounds insured; and where the Sum to be insured shall not amount to one hundred Pound?, a Stamp Duty of two Shillings and six Pence; and where the Sum to be insured shall exceed one hundred Pounds, or any progressive Sum ot one hundred Pounds each by any fractional Part of one hundred Pounds, a Stamp Duty of two Shillings and six Pence for such fractional Part of one hundred Pounds, to be paid by the Allured in such Insurances respectively.

44 On such Insurances, ore 5s. Stamp may be used instead of two of 2S. 6d. §5. [«SVr c. 99. $ 7.J Act may be varied or repealed this Session, §6.*>

535

Irish Act,

40 G. 3.C. 10.

[41 G.

(I/. A'.) c. 17.] 41G. 3. (U.A\) c. 58.

[ c. 31. 1

The Duly of 4*. (underlri(h Act.

40 G. 3. c. 10.) on Policies of Insurance repealed, and the rateable Duly only under that Act* and 41 G. 3. (U.K.)

c. 58. shall be paid.

Additional Duty* under §3. of

41 G. 3.(</.Jr.) c. 58. shall

net be charged on lnfurancei from any one Part of the United Kingdom to any other Pait, &c.

Where the Premium on Iriftx Insurances shall not eiceed 20s. per Cent, one Half of the Duty of is. 6d. under Ivilh Act 40 G. 3. c. 10.

(§ 1.) and of the Duty of 3s. 6d. under 41 G. 3.

(U. A'.) c. 58. (* 3)Aall cease, and Duty shall be paid as on Insurances where the Premium is ios. per Cent.

A.D. 1802.

c. 54.

I §*9- J

C. 30. 3

[ §34* ]

Licensed Lottery Office Keepers in Ireland, shall deposit and divide into Shares 30 Tickets in each of the three Lotteries, for every 50l. Licence.

Defaulters' Names shall be published in Dublin Gazette*

Kefore Licences are granted, Certificates of such Deposit shall be delivered*

Former Irish Lottery Laws continued*

Treasury may remit to Irish Exchequer 3oorooool. Irish Currency', under §3- of c. 54.

which Irish Treasury shall repay by June 1, 1803.

C. 104, 105. 42° GEORGII III.

CAP. CIV.

An Act to require Persons licensed to keep Lottery Offices in Ireland, to divide Into Shares a certain Number of whole Lottery Tickets; and for empowering the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain to remit to the Exchequer of Ireland a certain Sum of Money out of the Contributions for Lotteries.

[26th June 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries, three several Lotteries were established for raising the Sum 1 in the said Act mentioned for the publick Service of Great Britain and Ireland; and it is thereby, amongst other Things, enacted, that no Person or Persons shall open, set up, exercise, or keep, in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, any Office for buying, felling, or otherwise dealing in any Tickets, or for registering the Numbers of any Tickets in the Lotteries authorized by the said Act, or publish the setting up or using any such Office, without first taking out a Licence for that Purpose, from the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for the Time being, in England, for every such Office in Great Britain, and for every such Office in Ireland, from such Commissioners or persons as ffiail in that Behalf be authorized and empowered by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal; and it is also enacted, that the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties in England, and such Commissioners as aforesaid in Ireland respectively, or any three of them respectively, be empowered and required, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to grant a Licence for an Office for felling and dealing in Lottery Tickets, authorized by Law, to every Person applying for the fame, upon the Terms therein mentioned: And whereas by the said Act Provision is made, that all Persons to whom any Licence or Licences shall be granted in Great Britain, shall deposit and divide into Shares thirty whole undrawn Tickets in each of the said three Lotteries; and it is necessary that a like Provision be made with respect of Persons to whom such Licences ffiail be granted in Ireland therefore be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Persons and Person to whom any Licence or Licences ffiail be granted in Ireland, pursuant to the said recited Act, ffiail deposit and divide into Shares thirty undrawn Tickets in each of the said three Lotteries, for every such Licence granted to him, her, or them, whereon fifty Pounds ffiail be payable according to the said Act and every such Licence for which such Deposit ffiail not be made, ffiail be void and of no Effect; and every Person acting and dealing under any such Licence in any of the Matters therein contained, after such Default made, ffiaU be adjndged and considered in every Respect as an unlicensed Person; and it ffiail be lawful for the said Commissioners, or Persons who ffiail be authorized to grant such Licences in Ireland, to cause to be published the Names and Places of Abode, and the Description of the Offices of such Person or Persons making such Default as aforesaid, in the Dublin Gazette, and declare therein the Time when such Default was made; and such Forfeiture shall take place from the Time of such Publication.

II. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners, or Persons who ffiail he authorized to grant such Licences in Ireland, ffiaU not be required to grant any such Licence, unless the Person or Persons applying for the same ffiail, previous to the Time of receiving such Licence, deliver to the said Commissioners or Persons a Certificate, in Writing under the Hand of the Officer appointed in Ireland for flamping Shares of Lottery Tickets, certifying that such Person or Persons have or hath deposited in his Hands, thirty whole undrawn Tickets of and belonging to each of the said Lotteries respectively, and that the same have been divided into Shares in the Manner allowed by Law.

III. And be it enacted, That all Provisions in any Law in force in Ireland, relative to the dividing of Lottery Tickets, and to stamping the Shares thereof, or for regulating the Conduct of Persons licensed to deal in Lottery Tickets, and to prevent Insurances, not contrary to the said recited Act, ffiaU continue in force in Ireland.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it ffiail be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in Great Britain, to remit to the Exchequer of that Part of the United Kingdom caUed Ireland, from Time to Time, any Part or Proportion of the Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds by the said recited Act directed to be retained, not exceeding in the Whole the Som of three hundred thousand Pounds Irish Money, any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, or any three or more of them, for the Time being, are hereby authorized and empowered to receive the same, and ffiaU, on or before the first Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, cause to be repaid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer in England, the said several Sums of Money so remitted as aforesaid.

CAP. CV.

An Act for providing a proper Salary for the Office of the Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal of Ireland.

[26th June i8c2.]|

WHEREAS, in Consequence of the Union, divers Salaries, Profits, and Emoluments, belonging to the 4 V\ Office of Chancellor of Ireland, have ceased, and the Compensations made for the same to John late Earl of Clare, late Chancellor of Ireland, are determined by his Death, and it is expedient that a proper Salary should be provided for the said Office; 9 be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

1 assembled,

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 105.

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall from Time to Time be issued, paid, and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon, the Consolidated Fund, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland (after paying and reserving furacient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may be hereafter charged upon or payable out of the said Fund), to the Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal of Ireland for the Time being, in Manner herein after directed, so much and such Sums of Money as will make up the Salary and pecuniary Profits belonging to his said Office, the clear annual Sum of ten thousand Pounds Sterling, being ten thousand eight hundred and thirty-three Pounds six Shillings and eight Pence Irish Currency, which Money shall from Time to Time be payable and paid quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Dedu£lions whatsoever, on every twenty-fifth Day of March, twenty-fourth Day of Jtme, twenty-ninth Day of September, and twenty-fifth Day of December; the first Payment thereof, or of such Proportion thereof as shall have accrued from the Date of the Grant of such Office, to be made on the first of the said Days which shall next happen after the Date of such Grant.

II. And be it further enacted, That every such Chancellor or Keeper for the Time being. Or such Officer as he shall appoint for the Purpose, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the fifteenth Day of March, the fourteenth Day of June, the nineteenth Day of September, or fifteenth Day of December, which shall happen next after the Date of every such Grant, deliver to the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being in Ireland, an Account signed by such Chancellor or Keeper, or in case of his Death, by his Executors or Administrators, of his clear Salary, after deducing all Fees and Taxes paid in respect thereof, and also of all Fees and pecuniary Profits which shall have been received by or become payable to him, ilis Executors, or Administrators, in respect of his said Office, between the Day of the Date of such Grant, nd the Day on which such Account is directed to be delivered by virtue of this Act; and a like Account shall he delivered in like Manner in every succeeding Quarter, ending on the fifteenth Day of March, fourteenth Day of June, nineteenth Day of September, or fifteenth Day of December, as the Case shall happen, of the Salaries, Fees, and pecuniary Profits which shall have been received by, or become payable to, such Chancellor or Keeper, his Executors or Administrators, in respect of his Office, from the Day to which the lift Account delivered in shall have been made up.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case the whole Amount which shall have been received by, or which shall have become payable to, any such Chancellor or Keeper as aforesaid, in respect of the said Office, within the Quarter or Part of a Quarter comprized in any such Account, shall be less than the dear Sum of two thousanafive hundred Pounds Sterling, being two thousand seven hundred and eight Pounds six Shillings and eight Pence Irish Currency, or a just Proportion of the same, according to the Proportion of Time for which such Account shall be delivered, then so much and such Sums of Money shall be issued for the Quarter or Part of a Quarter for which such Accounts shall be delivered, as will make up the clear Sum aforesaid; the same to be computed and ascertained so as to make up the Whole of the Salary and pectudary Profits of such Chancellor or Keeper to the quarterly Sum before mentioned, or a just Proportion thereof, according to the Time for which such Account shall be delivered; and such Sum of Money shall be issued accordingly, as if the Sum so to be ascertained had been specifically mentioned in this Act: Provided always, that if any such Chancellor or Keeper shall be removed from or resign his laid Office, or shall die before the Expiration of any such Quarter as aforesaid, the Person so removed or resigning, or the Executors or Administrators of the Person so

S, shall be entitled to such proportionable Part of such clear quarterly Sum as aforesaid, as shall have ac-during the Time that such Person shall have held such Office as aforesaid; and such Person, hit Executors or Administrators, shall, on such of the said quarterly Days appointed for delivering ia such Accounts as aforesaid, which shall be immediately subsequent to his Removal, Resignation, or Death, or as soon after at conveniently may be, deliver in an Account, signed by him or by his Executors or Administrators, for the Part of a Quarter which shall have been elapsed lince the last quarterly Account, and the Day of the Removal, Resignation, or Death of such Person; and such Person, his Executors or Administrators, shall be entitled to, and mall receive, such proportionable Part of such quarterly Sum as aforesaid as upon such Account shall be due and payable by virtue of this Act; and in case such Person, his Executors or Administrators, shall have received more than a just Proportion of the clear annual Sum aforesaid, calculated according to the Time during which such Person shall have held such Office, every such Person, his Executors or Administrators, shall pay over to his Successor or Successors so much Money as the Sums received by such Person, his Executors or Administrators, shall have exceeded the Sums to which such Person shall have been entitled, according to the Rates aforesaid, and by virtue of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Custody of the Great Seal of Ireland shall at any Time be granted to two or more Commissioners during a Vacancy of the Office of Chancellor or Keeper, it shall be lawful for his Majesty by the same Commission to direct that such Commissioners shall and may receive such and the like Salary a« is herein-before provided for the Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal of Ireland for the Time being, or such Part thereof, and in such Shares and Proportions as shall in such Commission be provided and expressed; and such Commissioners shall accordingly be entitled to and receive such Salary; and, the same shall be issued and paid to them respectively in the same Manner, upon Delivery of the same Account, and subject to the like Regulations and Restrictions as are herein-before directed and provided, with respect to tht Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal of Ireland for the Time being.

41 Geo. III.

3 2

537

Out of the I rifli Consolidated Fund, so muc h shall be paid to the I rifli Chancellor, as will make his Salary, See. iotooool. Sterling per Ann.

Payable quarterly, &c.

An Account of the Chancellor's clear Salary and Profits, shall be delivered to the Irish Trea-fury, quarterly.

If the quarterly Amount shall be less than i, $ool. Sterling, the Deficiency dull be issued.

On Remortl, Resignation, of Death of Chancellor, a proportional Part of the Quarter Hull be fMud to him or his Representative 5 on a like Account, or any Surplus shall be repaid by him.

When the Great Seal of Ireland is in Commtssion, his Majesty may direct the Proportsuns'ir. which the Salary dull be paid the Com* mifltoners.

C. 106

42 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

41 G. 3-c. 101.

AH Regulations prescribed by.British Acts in force at the Union, respect -ing Petition* to the House of Commons complaining of undue Elections or Returns, &c. extended to such Petitions to the United Parliament from any Place in the United Kingdom.

Irish Petitions shall not be proceeded on, un-Tess they ft ate all llic Matters concerning which the Petitioners intend to examine Wit-uefTos.

Parties (Kail, in the fh'ft place, interchange I .ills of objectionable Votes, and Statements of Matters intended to be infilled on.

Committee on such Petitions may, on Application of the Parties, in certain Cases make an Order for Appointment ot Commissioners.

CAP. CVI.

An Act for regulating the Trial bf Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament for Ireland.

[26th June 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for regulating, until

4 \\ the first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, the Trial of controverted Ele&lons or Returns of

Members to serve in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and for regulating the Qualification of Members to serve in the feud United Parliament 5 which 4 Ad, so far as the same related to such controverted Elections or Returns, is now expired; and it is expedient that other Provisions should be made for the regulating the Trial of such controverted Elections or Returns; p be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every the Rules, Regulations, Authorities, and Powers heretofore given or prescribed by any Act or Acts of Parliament of Great Britain, and in force at the Time of the parting of the Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, with respect to Petitions presented to the House of Commons, complaining of undue Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, or complaining of the Omirtion or Insufficiency of any such Return, and with respect to Petitions of Persons desiring to oppose any Right of Election, or any Right of choosing, nominating, or appointing Returning Officers* which shall have been deemed valid by the Determination of any Select Committee of the House of Commons*, and with respect to the Trial and Determination of all such Petitions by such Select Committees, shall be in full Force and Effect with respect to all such Petitions as shall or may be hereafter from Time to Time presented to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the said United Kingdom, complaining of undue Electiona or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Cinque Port* Town, or Place, in any Part of the said United Kingdom, or of the Omirtion or Insufficiency of any such Returns, or from any Person or Persons desiring to oppose any such Right of Election, or of choortng, nominating, or appointing Returning Officers, in as full and ample a Manner as if the same Rules, Regulations* Authorities, and Powers were herein repeated, and particularly and specilically enacted, concerning the same Petitions, and the Trial and Determination thereof; except so far as the lame are altered in and by this, present Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Petition complaining of any undue Election or Return for any County, City, Borough, Town, or Place, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, or of the Omirtion or Insufficiency of any such Return, or from any Person or Persons desiring to oppose any Right of Election, or of choortng, nominating, or appointing Returning Officers in or for any such County, City* Borough, Town, or Place, shall be proceeded upon by the House of Commons, unless the same shall date all and every the several Matters and Things, of and concerning which the Petitioner or Petitioners presenting the same is or are desirous of complaining, and to which he or they purposeor intend to call and examine Witnesses; and that no Witness or Witnesses shall be called or examined by or on the Behalf of such Petitioner or Petitioners, either by or before the Select Committee of the House of Commons to be chosen for the Trial and Determination of the Merits of such Petition, or by or before the Commissioners to be chosen and appointed in Manner herein mentioned, to any Matter or Thing not contained or set forth in such Petition, or in the Lists and Statements herein mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Parties appearing before any Select Committee to be chosen for the Trial and Determination of the Merits of any such Petition, shall, immediately after a Chairman shall have been chosen by the said Committee, and before any other Business shall be proceeded upon by the said Parties, or either of them, before the said Committee, interchange with and among each other. Lists of all such Votes, and of the Names of all such Voters, to which either of the said Parties purpose and intend to ob-jest; and that the said Parties shall also interchange with and among each other, Statements in Writing of all Particulars respecting any Right of voting, or of choosing or nominating a Returning Officer, and respecting all such other Matters and Things whatever, as either of the said Parties mean toinfift upon, or to contend for, or to object to; and that no Witness or Witnesses shall be called or examined by or on Behalf of either of the said Parties, before the said Select Committee, or before the said Commissioners, or either of them, to any Mat* ter or Thing not specified and contained in the said Lists or Statements respectively, or in the Petition complain* ing of the Election or Return in question, as herein mentioned and provided.

IV. 4 And, for avoiding the Inconveniencies and Expence which may in certain Cases arise, by reason of Witnesses being brought from Ireland to be personally examined before Committees of the House of Com* 1 mons j' be it enacted, That whenever a Select Committee of the House of Commons shall at any Time hereafter be appointed for the .Trial and Determination of any Petition complaining of an undue Election or Return of Members to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Borough, Town, or Place, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, or complaining of the Omirtion or Insufficiency of any such Return, or from any Person or Persons desiring to oppose arty Right of Election, or any Right of choosing a Returning Officer or Returning Officers, in or For such County, City, Borough, Town, or Place, upon its appearing to the said Committee, from the Nature of the Case, and the Number of Witnesses to be examined relative to any particular Allegation or Allegations in the said Petition, that the same cannot be effectually enquired into before such Committee, without great Expence and Inconvenience to the Patties, or either of them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Select Committee, upon Application of any of the Parties before the said Sdeft Committee, at any Period during the Course of their Proceedings upon such Petition, to make an Order for the Nomination and Appointment of Commissioners, in Manner herein directed.

A.D. 180j.

44° GEORGII III.

C. ro6.

SO)

Regulations for the Appointment of Cum-tniflSonerj.

V. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That no Commission as aforesaid shall issue under this Act, But no such

except the Party or Parties intending to apply for the same shall serve a Notice on the opposite Party or Parties Commission as soon as the Petition in question shall be presented to the House of Commons, of his Intention to apply to ftu, ]' , fr"c the Select Committee for such Commission as aforesaid. alf Parties!

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Committee shall not think it necessary to Where no Com-

make such Order, or to appoint such Commissioners as aforesaid, then and in such Case the said Committee m|(foners are shall proceed to try the Merits of the said Petition, in the same Manner as the Merits on Petitions respecting ^uee^ay pro" controverted Elections are tried for that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain. (f, H. as mother Cases.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said Committee shall think fit to make an Order for the Appointment of Commissioners as aforesaid, such Commissioners shall be appointed in Manner herein mentioned; that is to say, on the next Sitting Day after the said Order shall have been made by the said Committee, at the Time previously appointed by the said Committee, in the Presence of the said Committee, and also in the Presence of the said Petitioners, their Counsel or Agents, and of the Sitting Members, their Counsel or Agents, and also in the Presence of all Parties before the House on difHnft Interests, or complaining or complained of on different Grounds, or whose Right to be elected or returned may be affected by the Determination of the said Select Committee, or their several and respective Counsel or Agents, (or in the Presence of such of the said Parties, their Counsel or Agents, as shall then and there attend, ) the Names of three Barristers, each being of six Years (landing at the Bar at the lead, and each of them having consented under their Hands and Seals to become Commissioners on being appointed in Manner herein mentioned, (and not having voted at the Election in question for the County, City, Borough, Town, or Place, respecting which the Election or Return complained of, or other subject Matter of the Petition in question, arose or happened, and not being, nor having been at the Time of the Election in question, Sheriff of the County, or Returning Officer of the City,

Borough, Town, or Place, in or for which the said Election, Return, or other Matter of the Petition in question, arose or happened, nor having been Counsel at such Election, ) shall be delivered to the Chairman of the said Committee, by or on Behalf of each and every the said distinct Parties, or by or on Behalf of such of them as shall then and there attend by themselves, their Counsel or Agents; and a List of the whole of such Names shall forthwith be made; and thereupon the said Parties, their Counsel or Agents, beginning on the Part of the said Petitioners, shall, in the Presence of the said Committee, proceed alternately to itrike off the Name of one of the said Barristers contained in the said Lift, until the Number shall be reduced to two; which said two Barristers, together with the Chairman, who shall also be a Bairifter of like (landing, and who shall be named and appointed in Manner herein mentioned, shall be Commissioners for the Purpose of examining all such Matters and Things as shall be referred to them by the said Select Committee in Manner aforesaid, and as shall be specially assigned and limited in the Order of the said Committee, for that Purpose made as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the Appointment of the said two Commissioners Appointment M in Manner aforesaid, and before the said Committee shall adjourn, a third Commissioner, for the Purposes afore- Chairman said, and who shall be the Chairman of the said Commission, shall be appointed in Manner following (that is to

fav, ) if all the Parties interdled shall agree among themselves in nominating and appointing any one such Bar- by Consenttf rifter, who shall have consented to such Appointment under his Hand and Seal, then such Barrister so nominated and consenting, shall be and he is hereby appointed to be a third Commissioner and Chairman of the said Commissioners; but in case the several Parties shall not agree amongst themselves in the Appointment of such Chairman as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the said Select Committee to nominate any Barrister of like (landing in Manner herein mentioned.

IX. ' And, in order to enable the said Select Committee to appoint such Chairman as aforesaid, be it enacted, That the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland or his Deputy shall, at the Commencement of every Session of Parliament, fend over to the Speaker of the House of Commons of the United Parliament, a List of all such Barristers, of not less than six Years (landing, who shall have consented under their Hands and Seals to act either as Commissioners or as Chairman to the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, in case they or any of them shall be appointed in Manner herein mentioned, out of which Lift the said Select Committee are hereby directed to appoint one other Commissioner who shall act as Chairman to the said Commissioners; provided, that no Barrister, whose Name shall have been previously struck off the Lift by any of the Parties before the said Select Committee, shall be appointed to act as Chairman to the said Commissioners.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if all the said Parties interested in such Petition shall agree in nominating any three such Barristers to be Commissioners as aforesaid, and shall deliver to the Chairman of the Select Committee, a List of three such Barristers so agreed upon, and consenting to act as aforesaid, such Lift being signed by all the said Parties, such three Persons shall be. and become Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, as if they had been appointed in Manner herein mentioned; and in such Case the said Commissioners shall appoint one of themselves to be their Chairman.

XL. And be it enacted, That when more than two Parties appear before the House upon distinct and separate Interests at the linking of the Select Committee, if it shall appear that the said several Parties are adhially dilliadl and separate, and that there is no Collusion between them, that then and in such Case none of the Parties shall be permitted to give in any List of Barristers to the said Select Committee for the Purposes of appointing Commissioners as aforesaid, but that the said Select Committee shall, out of the Lift of Barristers lo returned by the Clerk of the Crown or his Deputy, appoint the three Commissioners, and nominate which of the three shall act as Chairman.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if within one Hour after the Time fixed by the said Committee for the Appointment of Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, the Petitioner or Petitioners shall not appear either by .themselves, their Counsel or Agents, before the said Committee, or Audi nyt give in any

3 jL 2 " Lilt*

Parties,

by the Committee.

The Clerk of (lie Cloven in Ireland shall every Session transmit to the Speaker a Lilt if Barrister*, from which the Committee may .ippoint a Chairman.

Parties may gree in nominating three Commissioner*, one of whom shall Lc Chairman*

When there a; c more than two Parties, the Committee (lull.ipoint all the Commissioneii, aiul Chairman.

If Petitioner <brs not appear to name Commis*

J jnet a, he shall

st°

brc .mfWfrecI as

having ri'.ailt*

Default h Ke-c-o nuance.

*m-

: . it ii, i >"

Ci .1 .in-) of the ( i ji'ii.i e shall lilt iOi Ulttt.

Chairman of Committee shall issue !m Warrant to the Com* miffi nc\J to attend, on Penalty of 500l.

[ See §21.]

A Copy of the Petition, Statements of the Paities, and Order of the Committee limiting Falls, shall be sent to Chairman of the Commissioners, and a Copy of the Warrant to the Dublin Gazette.

Chairman of the Committee shall report such Proceedings to the House, and adjourn until the Speaker shall re-assemble them. (See J 26.)

Committees on Irish Elellion* shall not be dif-(jived by Death or Absence, except reduced to nine.

Commissioners shall open their Court, and take the following

Oath.

C. 106. 42° GEORGII III. - A.D. 1802.

Lists of Names in Manner aforesaid, then and in such Case the Taid Committee shall not proceed to the Appointment of such Commissioners, so far as resptds such Petitioner or Petitioners so making Default, but shall forthwith report to the House that such Petition in such respect as aforesaid was not proceeded upon before the said Committee, and the Petitioner or Petitioners so neglecting to appear shall be held to have made Default in the Recognizance or Recognizances entered into by him or them on the presenting of such Petition.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if within one Hour after the Time fixed by the said Committee for proceeding to the Appointment of Commissioners as aforesaid, the Sitting Member or Sitting Members, or any other Party or Parties opposing the Petition, shall not appear bt fore the said Committee, by himself or themselves, or by his or their Counsel or Agents, or shall not give in any List of Names in Manner aforesaid, for the Purpose of appointing Commissioners and of reducing the Lift of such Names as shall be delivered by or on Behalf of any Party or Parties appearing before the said Select Committee as aforesaid, the Place of a Party opposing the Petition shall be supplied by the Chairman of the Committee, who shall accordingly, as often as it shall come to his Turn as supplying the Place of the Party opposing the Petition to strike out a Name, put all the then remaining Names into a Glass, and draw one out, which Name shall be struck off the said Lift; and the same Method of reducing the said Lift to the Number of two, shall be followed whenever any Party shall waive his Right of linking off Names from the said Lift.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the said Commissioners shall be appointed in Manner aforesaid, the Chairman of the said Select Committee shall issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to each of the Commissioners so appointed, commanding the said Commissioners and each of them, under the Penalty of five hundred Pounds, to repair to the City, Borough, Town, or Place, in or for which the Election or Return complained of, or other Subject Matter of the Petition arose or happened, on a Day certain to be named in the said Warrant, and which Day shall not be less than fourteen Days nor more than twenty-one Days distant from the Day on which the said Commissioners were appointed in Manner aforesaid; and in case any of the said Commissioners shall neglect or refuse to obey the Injunction of the said Warrant, he or they so neglecting or refusing, shall accordingly forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds: And the said Chairman of the said Committee shall address to the Chairman of the said Commissioners, a true Copy of the Petition which shall have been referred to the said Committee, and of the said Lifts and disputed Votes and Statements of the several Parties which shall have been delivered before the said Committee, together with a true Copy of the Order made by the said Committee, specially assigning and limiting the Fads or Allegations, Matters and Things respecting which the said Commissioners are required and directed to examine Evidence, and to report the fame, together with all such other Documents and Papers as the said Select Committee shall think proper; all whiebu Warrants, Petitions, Orders, and Papers shall be conveyed to the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, or his De-puty, and by him or his Deputy transmitted to the several Parties, in the Method used in conveying Writs in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain; and the said Chairman of the said Select Committee shall also transmit a Copy of nis Warrant, but not of the several other Papers, to the Printer of the DubTtn Ga — % ette> to be inserted in the next Number of the said Gazette which shall be published after the Receipt of the Copy of the said Warrant, by the said Printer.

XV. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the Completion of the Proceedings aforesaid, the said Chairman of the said Select Committee shall thereupon report the Proceedings of the said Committee to the House, and shall a(k Permission of the House for the said Committee to adjourn, until such Time as the Speaker shall, by his Warrant, in Manner herein mentioned, direct the said Committee to ce-assemble; and upon such Permission being granted, it shall and may be lawful for the said Committee to adjourn accordingly; any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that whenever any Select Committee shall report to the House in Manner aforesaid, they shall (late in their Report that they have gone through all the other Parts of the said Petition, except what have been specially referred to the Commissioners in Ireland herein mentioned.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of the Trial of Petitions on controverted Elections for any County, City, Borough, Town, or Place, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, the Select Committee for the Trial of such Petition shall not be dissolved on account of the Death or Absence of any

Number of the Members thereof, except the Number of the Caid Committee shall be reduced to less than nine; any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or any Law, Usage, or Cuilom to the contrary thereof in any-wise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That on the Day and at the Place appointed, between the Hours of ten in the Forenoon and four in the Afternoon, the said Commissioners and Chairmaft shall meet and open their Court, or commence their Proceedings, by reading the Warrant of the said Chairman of the said Select Committee, and also the Copy of the Petition annexed to the said Warrant, and also the Copies of all other Papers transmitted by the said Chairman; and the said Commissioners shall, before further proceeding on the Business of their said Commission, take and subscribe the following Oath 5 that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, That I will, without Favour, Affection, or Malice, and according to the bed of my Skill and Knowledge, well and truly try and examine all such Matters and Things as- shall be brought before

4 me by virtue of a Warrant, dated the Day of under the Hand and Seal of the

Chairman of the Select Committee of the House of Commons, on a Petition from {here state the Name or Names of the Petitioner or Petitioners, and of the Place to which the Petition relates]; and that I will in all Things, well and truly perform the Duty of a Commissioner appointed to^try the said Mattei-s and Things, according to the Rules, Regulations, and Directions contained in an Act, passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of King Georgs the Third, intituled, {here set forth the Title of this

'So help me G O t>.*

6 Which

C. 106

A.D. 180Z. 42° GEORGII III.

54*

Which Oath the said Chairman of the said Commissioners, having first taken and subscribed the same in the Presence of the rest of the said Commissioners, is hereby authorized and empowered to administer to the other and others of them the said Commissioners; and if any Person shall act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, not being qualified by his Degree as a Barrister, every such Person shall for such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds: And the said Commissioners shall lit every Day (Sundays, Christmas Day, and Good Friday, only excepted), from the Hour of ten in the Morning till four in the Afternoon, and shall never adjourn for a longer Time than twenty-four Hours, except in case of the Death or continued Absence of any of the said Commissioners as herein provided, unless Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday, shall intervene; and in case of such Intervention, every Meeting, Sitting, or Adjournment, shall be within twenty-four Hours from the Time of appointing or fixing the fame, exclusive of such Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no one of the said Commissioners shall be allowed to absent himself from the said daily Sittings and Meetings, except in Cases of sudden Accident or Necessity, or in case of 111-ness, and that such Cases of sudden Accident or Necessity shall be made appear to the others of the said Commissioners, by Fasts specially stated and verified upon Oath of the said Commissioner so absenting himself; and that such Illness shall be certified to the others of the said Commissioners on the Oath of a Physician; which Oaths shall be made before one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace; and that any Commissioner who shall so absent himself without such lawful Excuse, shall for every Day on which he shall so absent himself, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall never fit until all the said Commissioners are met, except in Cases where the Absence of a Commissioner is verified upon Oath as aforesaid, nor then, except by Consent of all Parties in Manner herein mentioned; and in case the said Commissioners, or such Number as shall he so consented to, (the said Chairman being always one, ) shall not meet within one Hour after the Time to which the Meeting of the said Commissioners shall have been adjourned, a further Adjournment shall be made in the Manner before directed, and so from Time to Time until all the said Commissioners, or such Number as shall be so consented to in Manner herein mentioned, (the said Chairman being always one, ) are assembled; and if the Number of the said Commissioners able to attend, shall at any Time by Death or otherwise be unavoidably reduced to less than three, and shall so continue for the Space of three Sitting Days, and no such Consent as herein-mentioned shall have been given, the Party by whom the Commissioner so dying or absenting himself was originally appointed shall nominate a Barrister, having consented in Manner before mentioned, to act as a Commissioner in his Place; and in case of the Death or continued Absence of the Chairman of the said Commissioners for the Space of three Sitting Days, then the remaining Commissioners shall proceed to nominate one other such Bfiu'lifter, having consented in Manner before mentioned, to be a new Commissioner and Chairman, but in case the remaining Commissioners cannot agree in the Appointment of a Chairman, then the Names of the remaining Commissioners Hull be put into a Glass in open Court, in the Presence of the Parties, or such of them as shall attend, and the Commissioner whose Name is first drawn out shall nominate and appoint one such Barrister (having consented in Manner before mentioned) to be such Chairman; and the said remaining Commissioners shall give Notice of his Appointment to such Commissioner or Chairman so appointed, who shall thereupon, under the Penalty of five hundred Pounds, repair to the Place of Meeting of the other Commissioners, on a Day certain to be named by the remaining Commissioners, and which Day shall not be more than fourteen Days distant from the Day on which the said Commissioner or Chairman was appointed in Manner aforesaid; and all and every such Commissioner or Chairman so from Time to Time to be appointed in* the Place or Stead of any Commissioner or Chairman dying or absenting himself for the Time aforesaid, shall in all Respects have the same Power, Jurisdiction, and Authority, as the Commissioner in whose Place or Stead, he shall have been appointed in Manner aforesaid, and shall proceed conjointly with the other Commissioners to complete the Purposes for which the said Commissioners were originally appointed.

XX. Provided always, nevertheless, That notwithstanding any Thing herein contained to the contrary, any Number of the said Commissioners (the said Chairman being always one), may, during the Absence or after the Death of any other or others of the said Commissioners, execute all the Purposes of this Act, with the Consent of all Parties interested, and which Consent shall be especially entered on the Minutes of the Proceeding* of the said Commissioners, and signed by the Parties, their Counsel or Agents, respectively.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Commissioner appointed by virtue of this Act shall be prevented from attending at the Day and Place appointed as aforesaid, by any sudden Accident, Necessity, or Illness, to be verified upon Oath in Manner herein directed with respect to the Absence of either of the said Commissioners after proceeding on the said Commission, then and in such Case the Commissioner or Commissioners so prevented from attending by such sudden Accident, Necessity, or Illness, shall not be liable to the said Penalty of five hundred Pounds; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the saul Commissioners, from Time to Time, to adjourn to any Town within the County, in all Cases where it shall appear to them necessary so to do.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Chairman of the Commission shall at all Times, hr War* rant under his Hand and Seal, have Power to fend lor all Persons, Papers, and Records; and the said Commissioners shall examine all Witnesses who shall come before them upon Oath, and shall examine all Matters referred to them, and shall in all Respects have the same Powers and Authorities for examining the said Matters so referred to them, as Select Committees of the House of Commons on controverted Elections have, for examining the Matters and Things referred to such Select Committees; and the said Commissioners shall rapoint a Clerk, to takedown in Writing, Minutes of all the Proceedings of them the said Commissioners, ard of all such Evidence as shall be given or produced before them, in as accurate a Manner as the same can possibly be done, and shall proceed in examining all and every Witness or Witnesses who shall come before them, and in ferutiniz-

Penalty on Commissioner acting not being ahanifter, 500l.

Time of fitting of the Court.

Commissioner absent, except in cafeofIlln<f % Sec. shall forfeit 500l. per Day.

Commissioners shall not fit un-lef> all are j>re-sent, except in CafesofAbfence verified on Oath; nor then, except by Consent of Parties. (See

Regulations for Appointment of Commifljur.ers in the Room of deceased Commissioners, Sec,

Penalty on new

Commissioner* nor attending 500U

Any Ntimber of Commissioners (the Chairman being one) may awith Consent of Parties. Commissioner prevented from attending by IU-nefv, Jcc. not liable to Penalty.

Commissioners* may adjourn ( any Place.

Commissioners empowered to fend t*oi Persons and P.ipt-.s, See. and shall examine all Matters tfericd t >them, a> Seled Committees; and shall appoint a Clerk to uke

C. io6.

42 GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

Minutes of their Proceedings, and within ten Days after the Evidence is doled, shall Iranfaiit one Copy to Clerk of the Crown for Ireland, and another to flic Speaker.

No Counsel shall be employed before them.

How Evidence rejected by Commissioners, may be tendered and received.

On Recital of Proceedings of the Commission-eis, the Speaker IhaM insert in The London Gazette a Warrant, dire<fling the Select Committee to meet within a Month, who shall try the Merits of the Petition on the Evidence so transmitted, but may hear Counsel on the Effect thereof, and Dial I report thereon.

Committee may direct further Warrants to Commissioners, to re-atferable.

ing the Rights of any Voter or Voters, and in all other Matters and Things whatsoever referred to them, in the same Courlc and Manner, and according to the same Rules, as Select Committees of the House of Commons on controverted Elections ought and are empowered to proceed in like Cases; and the Clerk appointed by the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time make, or cause to be made, true Copies of the Minutes of all Proceedings before the said Commissioners, and of all such Evidence as shall be given or produced before them, and shall give one such Copy to each of the Parties interested, or his or their Agent, or to such of them as shall demand the fame, on being paid for each Sheet of the said Copy, consisting of seventy-two Words, the Sum of six Pence; and within ten Days after the Evidence before the said Commissioners shall be closed touching the Matters and Things referred to them, the said Commissioners shall cause two Copies of the Minutes of all their Proceedings to be made, and shall examine the same with the said Minutes, and shall sign and seal the said Copies; and shall transmit by their Clerk, one of the said Copies to the Clerk of the Crown for IrtlanA> or his Deputy, at the Crown Office in Dublin; and the other of the said Copies to the Speaker of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the said United Kingdom, who shall accordingly communicate the same to the said House, and upon the Transmission of the said Copies, the said Commissioners shall adjourn in order to receive such further Orders from the Seledfc Committee upon the Petition in Question, as such Committee may from Time to Time think requisite and necessary.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not permit or suffer any Barrister or Counsel to plead before them, or to examine or cross-examine any of the Witnesses'; but that the said Commissioners shall themselves examine and cross-examine all the Witnesses that shall be produced before them.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case at any Time in the Course of the said Proceedings before the said Commissioners, any of the said Parties shall tender or offer to produce to the said Commissioners any Witness or Evidence to, of, or concerning any Matter or Thing whatsoever in Issue before the said Commissioners, which Witness or Evidence the said Commissioners, or a Majority of them, shall be of Opinion ought not to be examined, beard, or received, the said Commissioners shall state in Writing the Reasons and Grounds upon which they have rejected the said Evidence, and enter the same upon their Proceedings; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Party tendering or offering to produce such Witness or Evidence, to require of the said Commissioners, that the said Witness or Evidence shall be examined, heard, and received, by and before them; and the Testimony of such Witness, or the Purport of such Evidence, shall accordingly be taken down in Writing by the Clerk to the said Commissioners separately and apart from all other Evidence before the said Commissioners, and a Copy thereof, with a Statement of the Purpose to or for which the said Witness or Evidence was produced, and by whom the same was produced, shall be signed and sealed by the said Commissioners, in the Nature of a Bill of Exceptions to Evidence, and the same shall be transmitted by the said Commissioners, together with all the other Proceedings before them, in Manner herein mentioned; and if the Selcdl Committee of the House of Commons, to whom the Merits of the Petition in Question shall be afterwards referred in Manner herein mentioned, shall be of Opinion, that the tendering and offering of such Witness or Evidence was frivolous or vexatious, or that the Testimony of such Witness, or the Purport of such Evidence was impertinent or irrelevant to the Matter in Issue before the said Commissioners, the said Committee shall report such their Opinion to the House, together with their Opinion on the other Matters relating to the said Petition, and the Party who shall before the said Commissioners have opposed the examining, hearing, or receiving of such Witness or Evidence, shall be entitled to recover from the Person or Persons who shall have produced such Witness or Evidence, the full Costs and Expences which such Party or Parties shall have incurred m opposing the fame, or by reason of the same being received in Manner aforesaid; which Costs and Expence* shall be ascertained and recovered in the same Manner and Form as are now provided by Law' for the Recovery of Costs and Expences in Cases of frivolous or vexatious Petitions, or frivolous or vexatious Opposition to any Petition.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That within two Days after the Copy of the said Proceedings before the said Commissioners, shall be received by the Speaker of the House of Commons, the said Speaker shall insert in The London Gazette, a Warrant signed by him, directing the Select Committee upon the Petition in Question, to re-assemble and meet again within the Space of one Month from the Date of such Warrant, providea Parliament shall be then fitting, and in case Parliament shall not then be fitting, to meet within one Month after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament; and that the said Select Committee shall accordingly re-assemble and meet again, and shall take the said Proceedings of the said Commissioners into Confederation, and shall proceed to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition, in such and the same Manner as Select Committees on controverted Elections are by the Law's now in force directed to proceed, try, and determine; save and except that the said Committee shall not call for or receive any other or further Evidence, written or parole, respecting any Matters or Things which shall have been tried and examined by the said Commissioners in Manner aforesaid; but the said Committee shall determine on all such Matters and Things from the written Minutes of the Evidence, and Proceedings before the said Commissioners, and the Certificates of the said Commissioners so signed, sealed, and transmitted as aforesaid: Provided always, that the said Committee shall and may be at Liberty to hear Counsel, as to the Effect of the said Evidence, in like Manner as they may do respecting any other Matter in Question before them; and that the said Sele& Committee shall report their own Opinion to the House, upon the whole Merits of the said Election or other Matter of the said Petition.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Scle6l Committee shall ( from Time to Time during the Continuance of the said Committee, and at any Time before reporting their final Opinion to the House on the Merits of the Petition in Question) have full Power and Authority to direct any further or other Warrant to the said Chairman of the Commissioners, under the Hand and Seal of the Chairman of the said Committee, ordering and directing the said Commissioners to re-assemble for such Purposes as shall be in the said Warrant specified \ and that such and the like Proceedings shall be had upon such further Warrant of the

2 Chairman

543

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 106, 107.

Chairman of the said Committee, as are herein directed with respect to the said Warrant of the Chairman of the said Committee herein first: mentioned.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall wilfully give false Evidence, or make any false Oath or Affidavit before the said Commissioners, or before any Justice of the Peace, touching any Matter or Thing provided for by this Act, shall be prosecuted and indited for the fame; and such Person or Persons being convicted thereof, shall be sent to some House of Correction for a Time not exceeding seven Years, there to be kept to hard Labour during all the said Time, or otherwise to be transported to some of his Majesty's Plantations beyond the Seas, for a Term not exceeding seven Years, as the Court shall deem most proper; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Chairman of the said Commissioners, and he is hereby authorized and empowered, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to any one or more Constable or Constables, or to any other Person or Persons specially appointed by such Chairman, to summon and require the Attendance of any Witness or Witnesses, or other Person or Persons, before the said Commissioners, at the Day and Place to be mentioned in the said Warrant.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person so summoned as a Witness as aforesaid, shall negltd or refuse to attend, without lawful Excuse, to be determined by the said Commissioners, or if any Witness before such Commissioners shall prevaricate or shall otherwise misbehave in giving or refuling to give Evidence, or if any Person shall be guilty of any Contempt or Misbehaviour whatsoever of or towards the said Commissioners, while fitting and acting in the Execution of their said Commission, the said Chairman of the said Commissioners shall, and he is hereby empowered, by a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, and directed to the Gaoler of the Common Gaol of the County or Place in which the said Commissioners shall fit, to commit such Person (not being a Peer of the Realm or a Lord of Parliament) to the Custody of the said Gaoler, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding six Calendar Months.

XXX. And be it enacted, That in case it shall be requisite to summon any Member of Parliament to give Evidence before the said Commissioners, who shall be then attending his Duty in Parliament, that in such Case the Chairman of the Commissioners shall certify the same to the Speaker of the House of Commons, who shall report the same to the House*

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That each of the said Commissioners so to be appointed in Manner aforesaid, shall, immediately after the Select Committee on the Petition in Qudlion shall have made the final Report to the House on the Merits of the said Petition, be entitled to demand and receive from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury in Dublin, the Sum of two hundred Pounds, for his Attendance upon the Execution of the said Commission, together with the Sum of one Guinea for every* Day which such Commissioner shall have been, or shall be necessarily engaged on the said Commission, and also his travelling Expences, at the Rate of one Shilling and six Pence for every Mile which such Commissioner shall have travelled from or to his usual Place of Abode, in his Attendance on the Execution of such Commission; and that the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall also, upon his transmitting the said Copies in Manner aforesaid, be entitled to demand and receive from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury in Dublin, such Sum or Sums for his Attendance on the Execution of the said Commission, as the said*-Commissioners shall under their Hands certify to be reasonable, not exceeding the Amount of two Guineas for each Day of his Attendance on the Execution of the said Commission, together with such Sum for the Copies of the Evidence transmitted to the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, and the Speaker of the House, in Manner aforesaid, as the said Commissioners shall think fit, not exceeding the Sum of six Pence for every Sheet, confiiling of seventy-two Words, the said Copies shall contain.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties in and by this Act imposed shall and may be recovered, with full Colls of Suit, by any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same by Action of Debt in any Court of Record in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; in which Action it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to declare that the Defandant or Defandants is or are indebted to him or them (to the Amount of the Penalty sued for) by virtue of this Act; and in which Action no Essoign, Privilege, Prote£lion, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, nor more than one Imparlance.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Indictment, Information, or Action, for any Offence against this Act, or any Forfeiture incurred under the fame, shall be found, filed, or commenced within one Year after the Commission of the Fail on which such Indictment, Information, or Action shall be grounded, or within six Months after the Conclusion of the Proceedings in the House of Commons relating to the Petition on the Trial of which such Fact shall have arisen.

CAP. CVII.

An Act more effectually to prevent the dealing of Deer.

[26th June 1802.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make some further Provision for preventing the dealing of Deer, and the

Punishment of Deer Stealers be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall wilfully course or hunt, or take in any Slip, Noose, Toil, or Snare, or kill, wound, or destroy, or (hoot at or otherwise attempt to kill, wound, or destroy, or shall carry away, any Red or Fallow Deer, kept or being in the inclosed Part of any Forest, Chafe, Purlieu, or ancient Walk, or any inclosed Park, Paddock, Wood, or other indofed Ground wherein Deer are, have been, or shall be usually kept, without the Consent of the Owner of such Deer, or without being otherwise duly authorized, or shall knowingly be aiding, abetting, or assisting

therein

Penalty on Perjury bi foie Corarn issioners.

Summoning

Wiiueffes.

Witnessls or other Persons mi/behaving, may be committed by Chair* man of Commissioners.

Members of Parliament being Witnesses.

Allowance* W Commissioners and their Clerk*

Penalties may be sued foi in any Court of Record in Ireland.

Limitation of Actions,

one Yea-, Stc.

Per fans who shall i!It-gaily hunt, fiarc, or shoot. Set Deer in any IneLfure, and their .Abettors, guilty* of

Ffl.wy, pui.ilk-

by (oven Years Traiif-j>j nation.

Penalty on Per-foiis (Ajmmiuing fu< h O{fences in uninclosed Ground, 50l.

KeepenofDecr, 'Sec. offending, ihalll'oiteil double.

Provisions of lO G. 3. c. 30. extended to this Mt.

In Default of Payment of Pc« nalties, Offenders may be committed for Six Months.

Persons con-rifted of a second Offence, punishable by a pecuniary Penalty, shall be adjudged to be Felons, fee.

Convictions for first Offences shall be transmitted to Quarter Sessions, and filed, for proof.

So much of 16 G. 3.C. 30. [See § i.] as in-flifts Penalties for hunting or (hooting Deer, he. repealed.

Not to extend to Scotland or Ireland.

therein or thereunto, every Person so wilfully offending as aforesaid, in any of the Cases above mentioned, shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of Felony, and being lawfully convicted thereof upon Indiftmcut, shall be adjudged to be transported for the Term of seven Year*.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person shall wilfully course or hunt, or take in any Slip, Noose, Toil, or Snare, or kill, wound, or deiiroy, or shoot at or otherwise attempt to kill, wound, or del troy, or shall carry away, any Red or Fallow Deer, kept or being in the uninclosed Part of any Forest, Chafe, Purlieu, or ancient Walk, without the Consent of the Owner of such Deer, or without being otherwise duly authorized, or shall knowingly be aiding, abetting, or afihFng therein or thereunto, every Person so offending shall, for every such Act of wilful coursing or hunting, and for every such Attempt to kill, wound, or destroy, and for every Deer so taken or killed, wounded or destroyed, or (hot at or carried away as aforesaid, in or from any uninclosed Part of any Forest, Chace, Purlieu, or ancient Walk, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds; and if the Offender in any of the Cases aforesaid shall be a Keeper of or Person in any Manner entrusted with the Care or Custody of Deer in the Forest, Chafe, Purlieu, or ancient Walk, wherein the Offence shall be committed, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay Double the Penalty herein-before enacted to be paid by other Offenders.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Methods, Forms, Restrictions, and all other Matters and Things enabled, prescribed, appointed, or contained in and by an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act >more effectually to prevent the footing of Deer; and to repeal several former Statutes made for the like Purpose, for or concerning the seizing and apprehending and the Conviction of Persons offending against the said Act, and for or concerning the Recovery, Application, and Disposal of the Penalties and Forfeitures therein mentioned, and for or concerning the Time and Manner of appealing from Convictions, and of bringing Actions or Prosecutions against any Person or Persons for any Thing done under or in pursuance of the said Act, and for or concerning the Manner of pleading and other Proceedings in such Actions, and the Cods by the said Act given in certain Cases, shall, lo far as the same respectively are applicable, be in full Force and Effect, and be applied and made Use of in seizing and apprehending and in convicting Offenders against this Act, and in the Recovery, Application, and Disposal of the Penalties and Forfeitures hereby imposed, and with respect to the Time and Manner of appealing from Convictions, and of bringing Actions and Prosecutions against any Person for any Thing done under or in pursuance of this Act, and with respect to the Manner of pleading and other Proceedings in such Actions, and the Colts thereof, and for all other Purposes to which such Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Methods, Forms, Restrictions, Matters, and Things, or any of them, are applicable under this Act, ae fully as if the same had been severally herein contained and set forth: Provided always, that in case -of Non-payment of any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by this Act, with the Charges incident to the Conviction, immediately on the Conviction, and for Want of sufficient Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, he and they shall be sent by the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be made to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding, or Division, City, Town, or Place, where the Offence was committed, for six Months, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, unless the Penalty and Charges incident be sooner paid*

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons after having been duly convicted of any Offence for which a pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture is imposed, either by this Act or by the said Act made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall offend a second Time .by committing any Offence against this Act, for which a pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture is herein-before imposed, such second Offence, whether it be the same Offence as the first Offence, or be any other of the said Offences, shall be deemed and taken to be a Felon, and the Person or Persons guilty thereof being lawfully convicted upon Indictment, shall be adjudged to be transported for the Term of seven Years.

V. And, to the Intent that the Prosecution of Persons who shall offend a second Time, may be carried on with as little Expence and Trouble as maybe be it further enacted, That the Justice before whom any Person shall be convicted, for the, first Time, of any Offence against this Act for which a pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture is imposed, shall transmit such Conviction under his Hand and Seal to the Quarter Session which next after such Conviction shall be holden for the County, Riding, or Division, City, Town, or Place wherein such first Offence was committed, there to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace or other proper Officer, and kept amongst the Records of the Court; and such Conviction so filed, or a true Copy thereof, certified by such Clerk of the Peace or other Officer, orproved to be a true Copy, shall be sufficient Evidence to prove the Conviction for such first Offence as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said Act made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as imposes or inffifts any Penalty, Forfeiture, or Punishment, on any Person who shall hunt or course, or take in any Slip, Noose, Toil, or Snare, or kill, wound, or destroy, or (hoot at or otherwise attempt to kill, wound, or destroy, or carry away, any Fallow Deer in any Forest, .Chafe, Purlieu, or ancient Walk, whether inclosed or not, or in any inclosed Park, Paddock, Wood, or other inclosed Ground, where Deer were or had been or should be usually kept, without the Consent of the Owner, or without being otherwise duly authorized, or who shall be aiding, abetting, oraffifting therein, shall, with respect to the said Offences committed after the passing of this Act, be and the same is hereby repealed.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to those Parts of the United Kingdom called Scotland and Ireland.

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III. C. 108, 109, 110* 545

Cap. cvm.

An Act for encreasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[26th 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, Mutiny Act and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, certain Rates are established in that Part recited [c. 88. 4 of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, the Dominion of Wales, and the Town of this Session.] < of Berwick-upon-Tweed, for the Payment of Innholders and others on whom Non-commissioned Officers and Private Soldiers are quartered and billeted, who shall be furnished with Diet and Small Beer at their Quarters; and an Option is given to such Innholders and others, to furnifti certain Articles gratis, in lieu of Diet and Small Beer, at the Rates prescribed: And whereas the Rules prescribed for furnishing Soldiers with Necessarie8 are, in many Instances, become, from the high Price of Provisions, inadequate, and are productive of Distress to such Innholders and others: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted/ Scc.(as 41 G. 3. (£7. K.) c. 35.)

CAP. CIX.

An Act for authorizing and rendering valid the Discharge of certain Militia Men in Ireland; and for giving Indemnity to the several Counties and Places in Ireland which may incur any Expence in consequence of the Discharge of certain Militia Men.

[26th June 1802.]

WHEREAS Mistakes and Inconveniencies have happened in inlisting, engaging, and recruiting the Men who were severally engaged to serve in the Militia in Ireland at the Time when the same was disem-

bodied: And whereas at the Time of the disembodying of the said Militia Doubts had occurred in confe- 4 quence of the said Inaccuracies and Mistakes, as to the precise Period for which the Men were severally bound to serve: And whereas under all the Circumstances it is expedient to give general Discharges to all such Militia Men (except as herein after excepted), who were actually ferting or engaged to serve when the Regiments were respectively disembodied, and to render valid all such Discharges as shall or may have already been given to any such Militia Men be it therefore enacted by the King's mult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority - of the lame, That all and every Militia Man and Militia Men who were actually serving or engaged to serve at the Time when the Regiments or Battalions to which they severally

belonged were respectively disembodied (other than and except the permanent Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Fifers in such Regiments or Battalions), shall be deemed and taken to be fully discharged, and are hereby declared to be discharged accordingly; and all Discharges already given, and all such as shall hereafter be given, shall be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and every such Man so discharged (except as aforesaid), shall be entitled to the same Immunity from further Service as if he had served the full Time of his Engagement; any Thing in any Act or Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, or of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. 4 And whereas it is just and equitable that Indemnity should be given to the several Counties and Places in Ireland which may incur any Expence in consequence of the Discharge of certain of the said Militia Men as aforesaid, whenever it shall appear from the Tenor of the several Attestations that any of the said Men so discharged were legally bound to serve for a further Period than that at which they were or may hereafter be so severally discharged ;be it therefore further enacted, That whenever it shall happen that any County, County t&f a Town, or City in Ireland, shall be called upon to provide, and shall accordingly have provided, any Man or Men for the Regiment or Battalion of Militia, belonging to the said County, County of a Town, or City, in the Room of any Militia Man or Militia Men who shall be or shall have been io discharged before the End of the Period for which it shall appear, from the Tenor of his or their Attestation or Attestations, that such Militia Man or Militia Men were legally bound to serve; then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland, for the Time being, to order and direct, from Time to Time, such Sum or Sums of Money (not exceeding the Sum of two Guineas for every Militia Man so provided), as may appear to him or them necessary for that Purpose, to be paid to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, County of a Town, or City, by any of the Collectors of his Majesty's Revenue out of any publick Monies in their Hands, or out of any of the Aids or Supplies which shall be granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-ceffurs; and ever)" Sum so paid by any Collector shall be allowed to every such Collector in his Accounts; and every Sum so paid to any Clerk of the Peace shall be accounted for by him before the Commissioners appointed for examining the publick Accounts of Ireland.

IrifliMilitiaMe* serving, or engaged to serve, when their Regiment, &c.wm disembodied, except permanent Non-comraif-(ioned Officers, Sec. deemed to be fully discharged.

Where any County, Sec. shall be called on to provide Men, in the Room of any discharged before actual Expiration of their Service, the Chief Governor may order il. is. per Man, to be paid to the Clerk, of the Peace by any Collector of Revenue.

CAP. CX.

An Act for raising the Sum of five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain^ for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

[26th June 1802.]

Treasury may (at any time before January 5, 1803) raise 5, 000, 000l. by Loans and Exchequer Bills in like 41 Manner as is prescribed by the Malt Act, e. -1. of this Session, concerning Loans, &c. § I, 2. Interest 3dper Cent. per Diem, §3. Exchequer Bills so issued ftiail not be received again in Payment of any Taxes; nor exchanged before April 5, 1803, $ 4*"

42 Geo. III. 4 A*V. And

54-6 C. no — 114. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

V. And be it further enacted, That all such Loans or Exchequer Bills, together with the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges, incident to or attending the fame, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid by and out of the first Supplies to be granted in the next Session of Parliament, arty Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

" Bank of England may advance Money on the Credit of this Act. §6."

CAP. CXI.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Sendee of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

[26th June 1802.]

[£.1, 500, 000 on exactly the same Terms as the £.5, 000, 000 under c. 110.]

Said Loans, Sec. charged on the Ai d Supplies of next Session.

CAP. CXII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England #, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain.

[26th June 1802.]

[ On or before December I, 1802. In all other Respects this Act is ftmilar to 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 65. This Sum of £.200, 000 is made a permanent annual Charge (payable quarterly) on the British Consolidated Fundt by §4 of c 71* of this Session»-]

CAP. CXIII.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Lord Hutchinson Baron Hutchinson of Alexandria, and of Knocklofty in the County of Tipperary, and the two next Persons to whom the Title of Baron Hutchinson shall defeend, in Consideration of his eminent Services.

[26th June 1802.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS, your Majesty, by your most gracious Message to your most faithful Commons, has been \\ pleased to declare, That your Majesty, having taken into your Royal Consideration the eminent Ser-

vices performed by Lieutenant General Lord Hutchinson, during the late glorious and successful Campaign in Egypt > your Majesty was desirous tobeftow a signal Mark of your Royal Favour and Approbation; and for«this Purpose to give and grant unto General Lord Hutchinson and to the two next succeeding Heirs Male of his Body to whom the Title of Baron Hutchinson of Alexandria, and of Knocklofty in the County of Tipperary,

shall defeend, for and during their Lives, a nett Annuity of two thousand rounds per Annum; but your Majesty, not having it in your Power, ' &c.

41 An Annuity of loocl.per Annum, chargeable on the Britishi Consolidated Fund, settled on Lord Hutchinsony 4i and the two next succeeding Heirs Male of his Body on whom the Title shall defeend, to commence from September 2, 1801, and to be paid quarterly, §1. To be paid at the Exchequer, without Fees and Tax free j 44 but not alienable beyond the PoiTeflor's Life, §2 — 6."

[&r<? 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 55* a similar Act for Lady Abercromby.-]

Tei fons described in 35 G. 3. c. 92. §36, fee. and 38 G. 3. c. 57. §7. who shall come to Milford by Dec. 31, 1805, with iheir Families, and Vessels built before January 1, 1805, shall be entitled to the Privileges under said Acts, on complying with the Regulations thereof.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act for extending the Provisions of two Acts of the thirty-fifth and thirty-eighth Years of his present Majesty, so far as they relate to the Encouragement of Persons coming to Milford Haven for the Purpose of carrying on the Southern Whale Fishery.

[26th June 1802.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Provisions of two Acts passed in the thirty-fifth and thirty-eighth Years of his present Majesty respectively, so far as the same relate to the Encouragement given by the said Acts to Persons therein described coming to Milford Haven for the Purpose of carrying on the Whale Fishery, should be further extended be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That any Person or Persons, as described in two Acts. passed in the thirty-fifth and thirty-eighth Years of his present Majesty8 Reign, for the further Encouragement of the Southern Whale Fisheries, who shall, on or before the thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and five, come to the Port of Milford, in the County of Pembroke, with his or their Family or Families, and shall bring any Ship or Vessel, or any Number of Ships and Vessels, not exceeding twenty in the Whole, to the said Port of Milford> built before the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five, and manned as directed in the said Acts, shall, on complying with all the Rules, Regulations, and Conditions contained in the said Acts respecting such Person or Persons, be entitled to all the Benefits, Privileges, and Advantages thereby granted to such Person or Persons, in as full and ample Manner as if such Person or Persons had come to the said Port on or before the thirty-first Day of December One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in any Ship or Vessel built before the first Day of January One thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 114, 115.

547

CAP. CXV.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

[26th June 1802.]

WHEREAS it may be necessary for the Safety of the United Kingdom, and the Defence of the Possessions of the Crown of Great Britain and Ireland, that a Body of Royal Marine Forces should be employed in his Majesty's Fleet and Naval Service, under the Direction of the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: And whereas the said Royal Marine Forces may frequently be quartered on Shore, where they will not be subject to the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Forces by Sea; yet nevertheless it being requisite for the retaining of such Forces in their Duty, that an exact Discipline be observed; and that Marines who shall mutiny, or stir up Sedition, or shall desert his Majesty's Service, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the Law will allow be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, if any Person being entered or in Pay a3 an Officer of Royal Marines, or who is or shall be lifted or in Pay as a Non-commissioned Officer or private Man, in any Company of Royal Marines in his Majesty's Service, and on the twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, shall remain in such Service, or during the Continuance of this Act, shall be voluntarily entered and in Pay as a Marine Officer or private Man in his Majesty's Service; and being ordered or employed in such Service, at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, on Shore, in any Place within the faicj Kingdom, or in any other of his Majesty's Dominions, shall begin, excite, cause, or join in, any Mutiny or Sedition in the Company to which he doth or shall belong, or in any other Company, Troop, or Regiment, either of Marine or Land Forces, in his Majesty's Service; or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the fame, or coming to the Knowledge of any such Mutiny, or intended Mutiny, shall not, without Delay, give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall desert his Majesty's Service, or being actually entered as a Marine in any Company, shall lift himself in any other Company, Troop, or Regiment in His Majesty's Service, without first having a Discharge in Writing from the Officer commanding in Chief the Company in which he last served as a Marine; or shall be found sleeping upon his Poll, or shall leave it before relieved; or shall hold Correspondence with any Rebel or Enemy of his Majesty, or give them Advice or Intelligence of any Kind, by any Ways or Means, or in any Manner whatsoever; or shall treat with such Rebels or Enemies, or enter into any Condition with them, without his Majesty's Licence, or Licence of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Time being; or shall strike or use any Violence against his superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office; or shall disobey any lawful Command of his superior Officer; all and every Person and Persons so offending in any or either of the Matters before mentioned, on Shore, in any Part of this Kingdom, or in any other of his Majesty's Dominions, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court-martial shall be inflicted.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to quarter Officers and Marines in Ireland\ in such and the like Places and Houses as they might have been quartered in by the Laws in force in Ireland at the Time of its Union with Great Britain; and that the Possessors of such Houses shall only be liable to fumish the said Officers and Marines quartered there, as by the said Laws in force at the Time of the said Union was provided.'Union of that

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Carriages for the Service of the Royal Marine Forces from Time to Time quartered or marching in Ireland shall be provided in like Manner, and at the Rates, and the Fumifher of such Carriages shall be paid as was directed by the Laws in force in Ireland at the Time of its Union with Great Britain,

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and ever)' Thing herein contained, shall be and continue in force within Great Britain from the said twenty-fifth Day of June in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and two until the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and three; and shall be and continue in force within Ireland from the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two until the first Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three; and that this Act, so far as relates to the Allowances to be made for the quartering of Royal Marines, and providing for their Horses, may be altered and varied by any Act or Acts to be made in tffis Session of Parliament.

C In all other Particulars, (except in using the Term " Royal Marines, " and the Dates y) this Acts precisely the same as 41 G. 3 (U.K.) c. l8.j

4 A a

Every Royal Marine Officer*and private Man on Shore, who shall mutiuy ordcfeit, Sec. or enlist in ary any other Regiment, See.

or be found, sleeping on, or desert his Poll, or bold Correspondence with Enemies or Rebels,

or shall rtrike or disobey his superior Officer, shall suffer Death, Sec.

Officers, See, shall be quartered in Ireland as under the Laws in force at the Kingdom.

And Carriage* provided for Removal of Matines.

Continuance of this Act.

AA in Part may be altered this Session.

[ f, io3.]

C. 116

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

Provisions of ^4 O. 3*c- 6a

39 O. 3. c. 6.

39 G. 3. c. 2l.

39 G* I. c. 40.

39 3.C. 4V

39. G. 3. c. 08.

39 & 40 G. 3, c. 30.

41 G.

c. 28.

4. G.3. fU.K.) t. 72.

shall cease from June 24, 1802. Except §1.of 38 G. 3 c. 60. making the Land Tax on Land perpetual.

and except as to Commissioners under §2. of 39 G. 3. c. 21.

[Seepnft. $ 72.]

Provisions of recited Acts relating to Contracts, bales,

See, on 01 ptbr to June 24, 1802, shall ie«

CAP. CXVI.

An Act for confoHdating the Provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, into one Act, and for making further Provision for die Redemption and Sale thereof*, and for removing Doubts respecting the Right of Persons claiming to vote at Elections for Knights of the Shire and other Members to serve in Parliament, in respect of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, the Land Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased.

[26th June 1802.]

WHEREAS the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts passed in his present Majesty's Reign for the

Redemption and Purchase of Land Tax, would be more easily carried into Execution, if the fame

were varied and amended in some Respects, and were comprized in one Act; and it is expedient that further Provision should be made for facilitating the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Provisions, Powers, Rules, Directions, and Clauses, contained in an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making perpetual, fuljctl to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein Jlatedy the several Sums of Mort'j now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for one Tear from the twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and in an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Time limited for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making perpetual', fuljed to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein Jlatedy the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain at a Land Tax for one Tear from the twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety -eight; and in another Act, also passed in the thirty-ninth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual two Acts, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty3 s Reign and the present Session of Parliament, for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax; and in another Act, also passed in the thirty-ninth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend so much of three Adsy made in the last and present Session of Parliament Jjor making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchasry the several Sums of Money charged as a Land Taxy as relates to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and in another Act, .also pafl*e£ in the thirty-ninth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time limited by certain Adsy passed for the Redemption of the Land Taxf for receiving Contradsy and making Transfers of Stock thereony and for explaining and amending the said Acts; and in another Act, also passed in tlfe thirty-ninth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and render effectual several Acts for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax; and also in an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of his said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for extending, from the twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundredy untilt he twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and one, the Period of Preference granted and continued by several Acts to Bodies Corporate and Persons for the Redemption oj Land Taxy and for enlarging the Powers contained in the said Acts; and also in an Act, passed in the forty-nrfl Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend\ and render more effectualy the several Acts made in the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present ATajrJIy, and in the last Session of Parliament for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax; and in another Act, also passed in the forty-first Year of his said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for extending the Period of Preference granted and continued by several Acts to Bodies Corporate and Persons for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and to amend an Act of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax; shall, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, cease and determine save and except in the Cases herein after mentioned, and also save and except such Parte of the said first recited Act as continue forever, subject to Redemption and Purchase, the several and respective Sums of Money charged by virtue of an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty in the respective Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places in Great Britain, in respect of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments lying therein respectively, and the Powers, Rules, Directions, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Matters and Things in tile said last mentioned Act contained, for putting the same iu Execution; save also and except as to the Commissions already granted by his Majesty, by his Royal Letters Patent under the Great Seal, or under the Royal Sign Manual, to the several persons therein respectively named, For the Purpose of executing the said Acts according to the Tenor thereof, and also as to all Appointments by virtue and under the Authority of the said Acts, or any of them, of any Officer or Officers to act in the Execution thereof ); and every Contract which shall be entered into after the said twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, for the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax, shall be entered into and made according to the Provisions and Directions of this Act.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions, Powers, Rules, Directions, and Clauses contained in the said recited Acts for the Redemption of Land Tax relating and applicable to all Contrafts for the Redemption of any Land Tax, and to all Sales, Enfranchisements, and Mortgages of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and to all Grants of any Rent Charges issuing thereout, and to all Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, and to all other Acts, Proceedings, Matters, and Things, which shall at any Time before or on the said twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, have been entered into, made, had, executed, incurred, done, or performed by any Bodies, Politick or

r Corporate*

A.D. 1802.

42' Georgii III.

C. 116.

549

Corporate, or Comparres or other Person or Person*, by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, shall, rmin in force in so far as the same respectively are not varied or otherwise provided for in and by this Act, continue Ti.d be in '

full force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, as fully and eifedually a5? this Act had 1 13 not been patted; and all Eftatr*., Rights, and Interests, Privileges and Advantages, Powers am' Remedies whatever, given, granted, conveyed, or acquired under and by virtue of the Powers a.id P ov.lions of the said recited Acts or any of them, shall be, and the same are hereby fully and absolutely confirmed and efbblished.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all the several Powers, Rules, Directions, Provisions,

Articles, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in the said Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, as far as the same are not varied or otherwise provided for in and by this Act, shall continue and be in full force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, in relation to so much of the Land Tax by the said first recited Act mad tual and redeemable as aforesaid, as shall from Time to Time

remain payable, for the Benefit of I y, his Heirs and Successors, as fully and effeduafly as if the payable from

fame Powers, Rules, Directions, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly repeated and Time to Time, re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and expressly applied to the Provisions thereof, subject nevertheless to the

Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Conditions of Redemption and Purchase of such Land Tax herein contained.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all such Commissioners and Officers so already appointed as aforesaid by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, shall and may ad in the Execution of this Act, in like Manner as if they had been respectively appointed after the patting thereof: Provided always, that every Person named a Commissioner in any such Commission as aforesaid, who shall have taken the Oath prescribed by the said Acts or any of them, shall and may ad in the Execution of this Act, without taking the Oath herein after directed to be taken by Persons who shall be respectively appointed to be Commissioners by virtue of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time, by Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, to nominate and appoint, in ever)' County, Riding, Shire,

Stewartry, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town, and Place in Great Britain, any Person or Persons who are or shall be named or appointed in or by any Act or Acts now in force, or hereafter to be patted* to carry into Execution the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his present MajestyS Reign, for granting an Aid to his fiunercloi Majesty by a Land Tax, to be Commissioners for the Purpose of felling the Land Tax, from Time to Time remaining unredeemed or unfold, in the several Counties, Ridings, Shires, Stewartnes, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque <*ni

Ports, Towns, and Places wherein they are or shall be respectively specially nominated and appointed; and the said several Persons so to be nominated or appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be Commissioners for that Purpose accordingly.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every such Commissioner so hereafter to be nominated and appointed,

and also every Commissioner of Appeals, before he shall enter upon the Execution of his Office, shall take an Oath to the Efftd following; (that is to lay), and Commissioners of Appeals.

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly* according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute the several Powers and Trusts reposed in me by an Act of the forty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act \hcre insert the Title of this Act-\ according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Act. 4 So help me GOD.*

Which Oath shall and may be administered by any one of the Persons already appointed or hereafter to be appointed a Commissioner, to any other or others of them.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Time being, acting in the Execution of this Act by virtue of his Majesty's Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, to examine upon Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation they or any one or more of them are and is hereby authorized to administer) all Persons who shall be defirou3 of redeeming or purchasing any Land Tax under this Act, and all Persons who shall be willing to be examined touching any Matters or Things relating to the Title of any Person or Persons, in Remainder, Reversion, or Expedancy to any Estate, or having any Mortgage, Lien, or Incumbrance upon any Estate, the Land 'Pax charged upon which is proposed to be redeemed or purchased under this Act, or touching any Matter or

Thing relating thereto, that such Commissioners may think necessary for their Information for the Execution ..... w

of the Powers vested in them; and also to require from any Person or Persons claiming any Benefit of Pre- remainder, &c. ference under this Act, the Production upon Oath or Affirmation of any Deed, Conveyance, or Instrument, and may require relating to such Estate, and to receive any Affidavit or Deposition in Writing, upon Oath or Affirmation, which shall be made in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, before any Mayor or Magistrate of any City, Town, or Place therein, having Authority to administer an Oath in any Matter,

Civil or Criminal, in such City, Town, or Place, or before any Justice of the Peace of any County or District where the Person making such Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation, shall happen to be, or beforeany Commissioners or Persons who are or shall be authorized to take Affidavits in Causes d-pemling in any of the Courts at It ijl-in infer, or to receive any Affidasit or Deposition in W it ing upon. Oath or Affirmation, which shall be made ir Parts beyond the Seas, before any Magistrate of the Country, Ten and Authority to administer an Oath, and rciiding near the Piac

Power of 3*

G. 3. c. 5. ndt hereby varied, shall continue in force ai 10 Land Tax remaining.

Commissioners and Olfictrs already ap^Hjinied may execute this Act.

His Majesty may appoint Commissioners of Land Tax to be Comraiffelling Tax unredeemed or uofohl.

Oath of such Commissioners,

Affirmation shall also reiide, and be certified and transmitted to the and Seal of such Magistrate: Provided, that in every such Affi

be exp retted the Addition of the Party making the same, and the part the lame shall be intituled, an Affidivit, Deposition, v.r Affir; all Cases where any Affidavit or Affidavits is nr .m by this respective Comrr.iffiouers, t .e Examination of the IVifnn or 1 is or are directed be ma<.e, by and before such C<niflior.fi ation to be adnuuiitcrcc in the Manner herein-bciuic directed, shall be as valid and uicCtuul, for the Purposes of any

or Place, having competent Power ere the Person making such Oath or laid Commissii ners under the Hand Deposition, or Affirmation, there shall of his or her Abode, and .ince of this Act; and in , r*de and shewn to the said .eh Affidavit or Affidavits Oath or Affirm-

Commissioners may examine and receive Information, on Oaih, tiom Persons desirous of redeeming or purchasing any* Land Tax, or relating to Persons entitled in

Inspeiftion of any Deeds relating to Persons claiming prcler-enre, and to receive Athcavits mack in «>r < ut of Great Britain.

made r« tied

by \\ 110m an r any two of tl

: m.

m

Requifltcs of All-.uavitt.

When Affidavits are requi ed. Panic s may be cx.-m.ucd ou Oalii.

o.

C. 116.

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

of this Act, as if the Affidavit or Affidavits hereby required had been made and produced, and shewn to the said Commissioners.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Time being acting in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid, in any County, Riding, Stewartry, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town, or Place, or any two oc more of them, to contract and agree with all and every Bodies Politick and Corporate, and Companies, whether Corporate or not Corporate, and Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, and other Persons herein after described, for the Redemption of the Land Tax hereby, or by the said first recited Act, made redeemable, according to the Assessment and Rate made or to be made, in pursuance of the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, for the Year for which such Contract shall be entered into, upon the Terms and Conditions, and in the Manner herein after mentioned and prescribed.

Conti ait shall be entered into.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick and Corporate, and Companies, notwithstanding any Statutes of Mortmain or other Statutes or Acts of Parliament to the contrary, and for all Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, having any Estate or Interdl in any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, whereon any Land Tax shall be charged, to contract and agree for the Redemption of such Land Tax, or any Part thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall also be lawful for all other Persons having any Estate or Interest: in any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, whereon any Land Tax shall be charged (except Tenants at Rack Rent for any Term of Years, or from Year to Year, or at Will, and except Tenants holding under the Crown any Lands or Tenements within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer, or the Duchy of Lancaster, or under the Duke of Cornwall any Lands or Tenements belonging to and Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, for any Term of Years, or from Year to Year, or at Will) to contract and agree for the Redemption of such Land Tax, or any Part thereof.

Will, or Tenant of Crown Lands, &c.)

XI. And be it further enacted, That where two or more Persons shall be seised or entitled in undivided Shares and Proportions, either as Coparceners, Heirs Portioners, Tenants in Common, or Joint Tenants, of or to any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, it shall be lawful for any one or more of such Persons to contract and agree for the Redemption of his, her, or their Proportion of the Land Tax charged thereon, in the same Manner as if such Proportion of Land Tax had been separately charged on such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and as if such Person or Persons was or were solely seised or entitled of or to the fame; and if any one or more of such Person or Persons who shall be so seised or entitled in undivided Shares or Proportions as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to redeem his, her, or their Proportion or Proportions of the Land Tax charged on such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for any other or others of such Persons (after giving three Calendar Months Notice of his, her, or their Intention, to the Person or Persons so neglecting or refuting as aforesaid) to contract and agree for the Redemption of the Proportion or Proportions of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to redeem, of and in such Land Tax.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Company or Companies of Proprietors of Canals or other Navigations, or other Works of publick Utility, established or fandioned by the Authority of Parliament, to contract and agree for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged, as well on the Tolls and other Profits arising from such Canals or Navigations, or other such Works of publick Utility, as on any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging thereto; or it shall be lawful for each and every of the respective Proprietors, to contract and agree for the Redemption of their respective Shares or Proportions of such Land Tax, and also for the Shares or Proportions of other Proprietors neglecting or refusing to redeem their Shares or Proportions, in like Manner as Coparceners, Heirs Portioners, Tenants in Common, and Joint Tenants, are hereby authorized to redeem the Land Tax charged on other Hereditaments.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any Thing in* the said recited Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, contained to the contrary thereof, it shall be lawful for all Persons having any Shares or Interest in the New River, or in the Thames Water Works, or in Maryde-bone or Hampstead Water Works, or in any Office or Stock for insuring Houses in case of Fire, or in any Lights, or in any Stock or Stocks for printing of Books in or belonging to the House commonly called The King's Printing House, and all Companies of Merchants in London, and the Bank of England, and also the Proprietors of the respective Water Works within the Town of Colchester in the County of Essex, the City and County of Exeter, and the Town of Shrewsbury, to contract and agree for the Redemption of the Tax charged or to be charged by way of Land Tax upon such their respective Shares, Interests, Joint Stock and Stocks, and Profits aforesaid; or it shall be lawful for any individual Proprietor thereof, either jointly or severally, to contract and agree for the Redemption of so much and such Part or Parts of the said Tax as shall be equivalent to the Share or Shares of any individual Proprietor, or any Number of Proprietors, in such Shares, Interests, Joint Stock and Stocks, and Profits aforesaid, upon the same Terms and Conditions, and in the same Manner, as herein is directed with respect to the Land Tax charged upon any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Committees and Curators of Lunaticks or of Idiots, and for all Tutors and Guardians of Infants, and for all Persons having Authority to act for Infants married Women, and other Persons incapable of acting for themselves, to contract and agree, on Behalf of such Lunaticks, Idiots, Infants, married Women, and other Person3 incapable of acting for themselves, for the Redemption of any Land Tax hereby or by the said first recited Act, made redeemable, which such Lunaticks, Idiots, Infants, married Women, or other Persons incapable of acting for themselves, could or might

have

Two Commissioners may contrail with Corporation; and Pci suns for Redemption of Land Tax, according to the Assessment made under 3*G. 3. c. lor the Year the Corporations, and Trustees for publick Purposes, empowered to contrail.

All Persons interested empowered to contrail (except Tenants at Rack Rent, or Tenants for Years or at

Any one or more of Coparceners, See. may contrail for Redemption of their own Pro-jxartion, and for the Proportions ofotheis refus-: ng, on three Month* Notice. Vr flij'n (j 39.

93. I24.J

Car.nl Companies, 6c c. empowered to contrail, or Proprietor for their Proportions, &c. of Land Tax as well on the Tolls as on Lands. [Andfee §49.]

Sharers in Water Works, Insur-ance Offices, Lights, Stock in King's Printing Office, Companies of Merchants in London, and the flank, empowered to contrail, See.

Co*n mitteet,

Ti ulk*esr &c. empowered to contrail for Lunaticks t'cftui que Trusts, be. [Andfee §5l]

A.D. 1802.

C. 116

55i

42 GEORGII III.

bare redeemed by virtue of this Act, if they respectively had not been under any Incapacity; and it shall also be lawful for all Trustees to contract and agree in like Manner on Behalf of the Persons for whom they shall be Trustees, for the Redemption of any Land Tax hereby made redeemable, which shall be charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Property of which they shall be Trustees.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, to contract and agree for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged or hereafter to be charged upon the Lands, Tythes, or other Profits arising from any Living or Livings within the Meaning of the Charter granted in the Reign of Queen Anne, or any Act or Acts now in force directing the Application of such Bounty, which shall not have been contrafted for by the Incumbent or Incumbents thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees for the Time being of any Trust Property heretofore given by any Will, for the Purpose of being laid out in the Purchase of Lands or Impropriate Tythes for the Benefit of the poor Clergy in England, with such Consent as is required by such Will, to contract and agree for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged or hereafter to be charged upon the Lands, Tythes, or other Profits arising from such Living or Livings belonging to the Church of England, as the Trustees for the Time being, with such Consent as aforesaid, shall think fit.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That where the Land Tax charged upon the Glebe Lands, Tythes, or other Profits of any Living or Livings in the Patronage of any College, Cathedral Church, Hall, or House of Learning in either of the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, or in the Patronage of either of the Colleges of Eton or Winchester, or of any Trustee or Trustees for any such College, Cathedral Church, Hall, or House of Learning as aforesaid, or in the Patronage of any other Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons, shall not then have been redeemed by the Incumbent or Incumbents of such Living or Livings, it shall be lawful for the Corporations of such Colleges, Cathedral Churches, Halls, or Houses of Learning respectively, or for such other Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons aforesaid, in whose Patronage any such Living or Livings shall be, to contract and agree for the Redemption of such Land Tax, upon the same Terms and with the lame Benefits and Advantages as the Incumbent or Incumbents of such Living or Livings* could or might have contrafted, to redeem the lame.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Bodies Politick and Corporate and Companies, and Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, and other Persons herein-before described and empowered to contract for the Redemption of any Land Tax, (whether in respect of any such Estate, Right, or Interest, or otherwise as aforesaid, ) shall be entitled so to contract for such Land Tax in preference to all other Bodies Politick and Corporate, and Persons whatever, not having any Estate or Interest therein, provided they shall contract on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such Bodies Politick and Corporate, and Companies, and Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, and other Persons so empowered to contract for the Redemption of Land Tax, who shall be in the actual Possession of or immediately entitled to the Rents and Profits of any Manors, Me (Triages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, whereon any Land Tax shall be charged (other than and except Tenants for Years absolute, or for Years determinable on Lives on any Demise for which a Fine or Premium was or shall be paid, and Tenants for Lives on any Demise where a Rent was or shall be reserved, or a Fine or Premium paid) and the Committees, Curators, Tutors, Guardians, or Trustees of any such Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be preferred in the Redemption of such Land Tax, or any Part thereof, to any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Persons having any Estate or Interest in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy, or being substitute Heirs of Entail in the same Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; provided such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Persons so to be preferred, shall contract for the Redemption of such Land Tax before or on the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two; and in case no Contract shall be entered into by or on the Behalf of the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons so to be preferred as aforesaid, for the Redemption of such Land Tax, before or on the said twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, then the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Person or Persons having such Estates and Interests in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy, or being substitute Heirs of Entail as aforesaid, or their respective Committees, Curators, Tutors, Guardians, or Trustees on their Behalf, shall be entitled to redeem such Land Tax or any Part thereof, in preference to any other Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons having no Estate or Interest therein, and not being called to succeed therein as substitute Heirs of Entail, until and on the said twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, according to the Priority of fuel: respective Estates or interests; such Priority to be settled by the said Commissioners in case the Parties shall differ about the same.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Bodies Politick and Corporate, and Companies, and Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, and other Persons to whom such Benefit of Preference is given until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three as aforesaid, may at any Time thereafter contract and agree for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on their respective Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, wherein they shall have any Estate or Interest as aforesaid, in the same Manner, and under the same Terms and Conditions (except as to the Period allowed for the Transferor Payment of the Consideration) as such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Persons, may do prior to the said twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, provided no Offer shall have been made for the Purchase of such Land Tax, in pursuance of the Provisions herein after contained: Provided also, that when any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Persons having any such Estate or Interest as afore-

8 " said,

Governors of Queen Anne'.v Bounty may contract where Incumbents have not. [Ami

fee §44. tfii.J

Tiultees foe Poor C'ergv, may contract. [Andfee ^45. cud also §77* l6l.]

Colleges and other Patrons of Livings may contract where Incumbents have notic-deemed.

Corporations and Persons before described shall have the Preference till June 24, iio: . [units then dt-ciine.Scet} 152.]

Corporations, Trustees, and Persons in Pofi-session (except certain Tenants) shall be preferred to those in Revei fxon, till Dec. 25, 1802; and those in Reversion to all having no Interest till said June 24, 1805.

After June 24, 180?, Parties entitled to Preference may redeem on the same Terms except as to Periods of Transfer, (fee §2 «; .) ii no other Oder shall have.een made.

[So* § »5'-]

C. 116.

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

If Parties interested give Notice of intent to redeem, Land Tax shall not be sold to oiiiers for three Months; and if Paities in Possession give such Notice, they shall (except in certain Cases) he preferred to Patties in Revel (ion.

Who shall be deemed Parties in Possession of Manors, &c.

Jet at Rack Rents.

Where Corporations, &c. shall treat for Sale of Lands, held under De-wife from them, and obtain a Certificate from two Commissioners, (appointed under the Great Seal) they may during the Period specified therein, be preferred to the beneficial Lessees, on pro-d long such Certificate to Commissioners of Sale under this Act.

said, shall at any Time after the said twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, give

Notice in Writing to the respective Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid, of their Intention to redeem their Land Tax, such Land Tax shall not be sold to any other Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies or Persons, not having any Ellate or Interest therein, until after the Expiration of three Calendar Months from the Date of such Notice as aforesaid: Provided also, that where any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies or other Persons being in the actual Possession or immediately entitled to the Rents and Profits of any Manors, Me linages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall at any Time after the said twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, give Notice in Writing to such respective Commissioners of their Intention to redeem the Land Tax charged thereon, such Land Tax shall not be redeemed by any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies or other Persons having any Estate, in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy in, or being substitute Heirs of Entail called to succeed to such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, until the Expiration of three Calendar Months from the Date of such Notice save where such Ellate shall be expectant on the Determination of any Grant or Demise far Years absolute, or for Years determinable on Lives, for which a Fine or Premium hath been or shall be paid, or for Lives where a Rent hath been or shall be reserved, ora Fine or Premium paid; in which Case such Notice shall not entitle any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Persons, being in the actual Possession or entitled as aforesaid, to any Benefit of Priority or Preference in the Redemption of such Land Tax); and where any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, shall be leased or demised at a Rack Rent, for any Term or Number of Years, or at Will, the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons beneficially entitled to the Rent reserved or made payable on any such Lease or Demise, shall (notwithstanding any Covenant or Agreement for the Payment of the Land Tax charged on such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by the Tenant or Lessee thereof) be considered as being in the actual Possession of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purpose of claiming and being entitled to such Benefit of Preference as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That where any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or any Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes as aforesaid, shall in pursuance of the Powers of the said recited Acts or any of them, have entered, or shall hereafter enter into any Treaty for the Sale of any of their Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, holden under any Demise made by them, by Copy of Court Roll or otherwise for Lives or for any Term or Terms of Years determinable on Lives or for Years absolute, or shall have made, or shall hereafter make any Application to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act by virtue of his Majesty's Letters Patent under the Great Seal, for their Sandlion and Approbation of any such Sale as aforesaid, and shall obtain a Certificate under the Hands of any two of the same Commissioners, that in their Opinion such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, are proceeding or intend to proceed bona fide, and with reasonable Diligence, to carry such Sale into Execution (which Certificate shall specify for what Period of Time the same shall run and operate) it shall be lawful for such Bodies Politick and Corporate, or Companies, and Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, during the Continuance of such Period (notwith-standing any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary) to contract and agree for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on their Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in preference to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, having or holding such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, under any such Demise as aforesaid: Provided always, that such Bodies Politick and Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, hereby enabled to contract with such Preference as aforesaid, shall produce such Certificate as aforesaid to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, by virtue of his Majesty's Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, for the County, Riding, or Place where the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, the Land Tax whereof shall be proposed to be redeemed, shall be situate.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Consideration to be given for the Redemption of any such Land Tax as aforesaid, shall be so much Capital Stock of Publick Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, bearing Interest after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, commonly called the three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, and the three Pounds per Centura Reduced Annuities, or one of them, as will yield an Annuity or Dividend exceeding the Amount of the Land Tax so to be redeemed as aforesaid by one-tenth Part thereof; such Capital Stock to be transferred to the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*, for the Reduction of the National Debt, in Truil for the Purposes of this Act.

*[26 G. 3. c. 31.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the Land Tax so to be redeemed in any County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, for which separate Commissioners under the Royal Sign Manual are or shall be appointed to act, shall not exceed the Sum of twenty-five Pounds per Annum, it shall be lawful to pay the Consideration for the same in lawful Money of Great Britain, in lieu of transferring Stock in the three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities; and such Consideration shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding, or Place in England, or his Deputy, or to the Col-le6lor for the Shire, Stewartry, or Place in Scotland, where the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of which the Land Tax shall be so redeemed, shall be situate; and the Amount of the Money to be paid as the Consideration for the Redemption of any such Land Tax, shall be calculated, settled, and ascertained according to the Price of Stock to be from Time to Time transmitted to such Receiver General, or his Deputy in England, or Collector in Scotland, in the Manner herein after directed, and according to the Table in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (L), and the Rules and Directiona therein contained.

Consideration for Redemption; viz., so much Stock in 3 per CVnt>. as will produce a Dividend exceeding the Amount of the Land Tax redeemed by i-iotl

Where the Lahd Tax to be redeemed in any Place, for which separaje Commi flamers are appointed, shall not exceed 2 $1. per Ann. Consideration may be paid in Money to Receiver General in England, or Collector in Scotland; and calculated according to Schedule (L.)

JCXIV. ' And

A.D. 1802.

C. 116.

42° GEORGII III.

XXIV. c And to the End that such Receivers General or their Deputies, and such Collectors, may be en-

abled to settle and adjust the Sums which ought in such Cases to be paid as-the Consideration for the Re-

demption of any Land Tax; be it further enacted, That from the Time when the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be opened for the Transfer of three Pounds per. Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, after the fifth Day of January in every Year, and until the Books shall be opened for the Transfer of three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities after the fifth Day of April in such Year, and so from Time to Time when the said Books shall be opened for the Transfer of three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, after the fifth Day of July in every Year, until the Books shall be opened for the Transfer of three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities after the tenth Day of October in such Year, the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall, and they are hereby required, on 7'uefday in every Week, the same not being a Holiday, or being a Holiday, then on the Day preceding not being a Holiday, to cause an Account to be made out of the Average Price at which the three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities shall have been bought on such Day (or otherwise on the following open Day on which such Stock shall be bought, in case any Stock shall have been bought at the Bank of England on such Day), and shall cause the same to be transmitted to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and so from Time to Time when the Books shall be opened at the Bank of England for the Transfer of three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, after the fifth Day of April in every Year, until the Books shall be opened at the Bank of England for the Transfer of three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, after the fifth Day of July in such Year, and so from Time to Time when the said Books shall be opened at the said Bank of England for the Transfer of three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, after the tenth Day of October in every Year, and until the Books shall be opened for the Transfer of three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, after the fifth Day of January then next ensuing, the said Caftiier or Cashiers shall and they are hereby required to transmit to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, such and the like Account of the Average Price of three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities as is herein before directed to be transmitted, of the Average Price of three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities; and the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall thereupon cause to be published in the London Gazette, and also transmitted to the respective Receivers General in the several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, or Places in England, or to their respective Deputies, and to the Receiver General in Scotland', to be by him transmitted to the respective Collectors in the several Shires, Stewartries, and Places in Scotland, an Account of the Price, which according to the Heads of the respective Columns in the said Schedule contained, ought to be the Consideration for the Redemption of such Land Tax; which Account, so published and transmitted, shall be sufficient Authority to such Receivers General or their Deputies, and to such Collectors respectively, to settle and adjust the Sums which, according to the Tables, Rules, and Directions in the said Schedule contained, ought to be paid as the Consideration for the Redemption of such Land Tax, on all Payments to be made pursuant to the said Account.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That where the Consideration for the Redemption of any Land Tax shall be in Stock, and such Land Tax shall be contracted for by any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons entitled to such Benefit of Reference as aforesaid, before or on the said twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, the whole Amount of the Consideration shall be transferred within the Period of five Years from the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two; and where any such Land Tax shall be contracted for by any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons aforesaid, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, the whole Amount of such Consideration shall be transferred within the Period of two Years from the Date of such Contract, and the Consideration in every such Case shall be transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, by four Instalments in every Year; (videlicet) either on or before the first Day of May, the first Day of August, the first Day of November, and the first Day of February in each Year, the first Instalment to be made on or before such of the said Days as shall next ensue the entering into the Contract: Provided alw ays, that it shall be lawful for any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Persons before described, to llipulate with the said Commissioners with whom the Contract shall be made, for the Transfer of the Whole of the said Capital Stock at one Time, or that the same shall be transferred by Instalments within any shorter Period or Periods than the Periods herein-before prescribed, so that the same be by even Instalments at equal Intervals within the Period stipulated, and on or before the respective Days before mentioned in each Year, or on such of the said Days as shall fall within the Period stipulated for such Transfer: Provided also, that it shall be lawful to transfer the whole Stock so agreed to be transferred as the Consideration for the Redemption of any Land Tax, or any Part thereof, in Advance to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, notwithstanding any Stipulations in the Contract to the contrary: Provided also, that if the Whole of the Stock so agreed to be transferred, shall not be transferred at one Time, but by Instalments, and if a Division of the entire Quantity of Stock into equal Sums, to be paid by such Instalments, would occasion a Fraction less than the Fraction of one Penny, the fractional Part or Parts less than one Fenny necessary to such equal Division, shall be taken from every prior Instalment, and added to the last Instalment, so as to avoid any Fraction less than a Penny.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the first Instalment of Stock, agreed to be transferred as the Consideration upon any Contract already entered into for the Redemption of Land Tax, shall not have been transferable till after the first Dayr of February One thousand eight hundred and one, and the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons who shall have entered into such Contract, or who for the Time being shall be liable to make good and complete the remaining Instalments thereon, shall be desirous that the Period for completing the same may be extended, it shall be lawful for them, him, or her, notwithstanding any Thing in the said recited Acts to the contrary', to make Application for that Purpose to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, by virtue of his Majesty's Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, for the Count), Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, Town, or Place where the Manors, Messuages,

42 Geo. III. 4 B Lands,

553

Bank shall tianfmil Weekly Accounts of the Average Price of the 3 per Cents. Consols, or 3 per Cent. Reduced respect: \fcly to the Commissionl-ers fur Taxes, who shall publish in the Gazette, and transmit to ihe Receivers General, bec. in Account of the Price, to regulate the Consideration for the Redemption of Land Tax# Money.

The Consideration of Slock foe Redemption of Land Tax con-trailed for before or on June 24, 1803, shall be transferred within five Years, from June 24, 1802; and after within two Years from the Contract; to the Commission era for reducing the National Debt; by four Instalments yearly; or the whole may he transferred at once, or by thortcr Instalments.

Fractions less than id. to Ic a\oided.

Where first In-Raiment shall not have been transferable till after Feb. 1, i8ot, on Application to the Commissioners for executing this Act witbm three Months, from J une 14.

554 C.t16. 4s' GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

1802, they m*y alter the Contrail, and apree that the remaining Instalments may be trans-fened within -any J\'! iod not exceeding 5 Years.

Transfers may ie made in Advance.

Consideration in Money may be paid at once, or by Instalments, not exceeding eight, payable in 1*0 Years, according to the Price of Stock. (J-«§240

Frn^ions less than one Farthing.

"The Whole or Part of such Consideratiod may be paid in Advance, on Notice to Receiver General, See. who shall transmit to the Tax Office an Account of such intended Payments, which shall be made according to the

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, the Land Tax whereof shall have been so redeemed, shall be dtuate, at

any Time within the Space of three Calendar Months from the said twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two; and upon every such Application, and on the Produ#ion of the Contrail for Redemption of such Land Tax, it shall be lawful for any two or more of such Commissioners to alter the Contract, or cause the same to be altered, by striking out all such Parts thereof as relate to the Transfer of the Instalments of Stock remaining due thereon, and thereupon to contract and agree that the Amount of the remaining Instalments may be transferred within any Period not exceeding five Years from the Date of such Conti a#, so as that the same be transferred by even Instalments at equal Intervals within the Period agreed upon; and the said Commissioners shall certify their having so done by Indorsement under their Hands and Seals on such Contract, specifying the Days and Times whereon the Amount of the remaining Instalments have been agreed to be transferred; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby authorized and required to permit the same to be.transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, on or before such Days and Times accordingly: Provided always, that any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, may, notwithstanding any such Contract or Agreement as aforesaid, transfer the whole Amount of such remaining Instalments, or any Part thereof, in Advance.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That where the Consideration for the Redemption of any Land Tax shall be in lawful Money of Great Britain, the same shall be paid either by one Payment or by equal Instalments, as the Party shall chooie, and shall cause to be stipulated in the Contract, so as that such Intialment shall not exceed eight in Number, and that the whole Consideration be paid within the Period of two Years from the Date of the Contract, according to the Price of Stock to be transmitted as herein-before is directed, to tl>e respective Receivers General in England, and Collectors in Scotland, in the second Week subsequent to the Day of entering into the Contract, but in Cases where the whole Consideration shall not be paid at one Time, but shall be by Iu-ftalments, then for every second and subsequent Instalment, according to the Price of Stock transmitted in the Week preceding the Day or Days stipulated, and conformably to the Table, Rules, and Dire#ions contained in the Schedule marked (L); and in every such Case the Sum stipulated to be paid, shall be duly paid to the respective Receivers or their Deputies in England, or the respective Collectors in Scotland, on the Day or Days stipulated for the Payment thereof: Provided always*that if the Consideration shall be to be paid by Instalments, and if a Division of the entire Amount of Land Tax into equal Instalments would occasion a Fra#ion less than the Fra#ion of one Farthing, the Fra#ional Part or Parts less than one Farthing, necessary to such equal Division, shall be taken from every prior Instalment of Land Tax, and be added to the last Instalment, so as to avoid any Fra#ion less than one Farthing.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to pay to the Receivers General in England, or Collectors in Scotland respectively, the Whole of such Consideration, or any Part thereof, in Advance, notwithstanding any Stipulation in the said Contract to the contrary; provided the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or persons desirous of making any such Payments in Advance, (hill give twenty-one Days previous Notice in Writing at the least to every such Receiver General or Collector, of such their Intention; and every such Receiver General or his Deputy in England, or Collector in Scotland shall, immediately upon the Receipt of such Notice, transmit to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, for the Information of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, an Account of the Payments so intended to be made in Advance, and of the Day or Days on which the same are intended to be made; and all such Payments in Advance shall be made according to thfe Price of Stock to be transmitted to such Receiver General or his Deputy, or Col-le#or, in the Week preceding the Day or Days of such Payments, and the Table, Rules, and Directions in the said Schedule marked (L) contained.

Price of Stock ascertained in the Week preceding.

On making the second and every subsequent instalment, Inte-rest flaallbepaid.

A separrte Account of interest shall be kepi, See.

Inte-eft fhr.lt ceaft* uii Payments in Advance.

Pai ties claiming P« clerem e shall produce a De jo ijnion o! the , P»i)^t/ty to two

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That upon every such Contract upon which the Transfer of Stock or Payment of Money shall be made by Instalments, there shall be paid, at the Time of making the second, and so of every subsequent Instalment upon such Contract, into the Hands of the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England (in Cases where the Consideration shall be in Stock) and into the Hands of the Receivers General in England, or Colie#ors in Scotland (in Cases where the Consideration shall be in Money) to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, a Sum of Money, by way of interest: , equal to the Amount of the Land Tax redeemed, deducting therefrom a Sum, bearing the same Proportion to such Land Tax, as the Amount of the Stock then before transferred bears to the whole Amount of the Stock agreed to be transferred, or (in Cases of Consideration in Money) the Number of Instalments then before paid bears to the Number of Instalments agreed to be paid, as the Consideration for such Contract, having Regard, in Cases of Considerations in Stock, to the Time when the first Dividend after the Transfer of such Stock will become payable; of which Sums so to be paid by way of interest, a separate Account shall be kept at the Bank of England, and by such respective Receivers and Collectors, and the same shall from Time to Time be paid separately into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, ' and shall be applicable to such Uses and Purposes as shall have been or shall be voted by the Commons in Parliament; and the Receipt of the Cashier of the Bank of England, and of such Receiver General or Collector, as the Case may be, shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Party paying such Sum by way of interest as aforesaid: Provided always, that from and after the Transfer of any Stock, or the Payment of any Money in Advance, all interest on account of such Stock so transferred, or of such Money so paid in Advance, shall cease and be no longer payable.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Bodies Politick and Corporate, or Companies, or other Persons claiming on their own Behalf, or on the Behalf of others, the Benefit ot Preference hereby given, shall produce to any two Commissioners of Land Tax a#ing in and for the Hundred, Ward, Lathe, Wapentake, Rape, or other Division of the County, Riding, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town, or Place in Eng.

1 land

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 116.

land, or if in Scotland to any two Commissioners of Supply of the County or Stewartry, or Chief Magistrate of the City or Borough, within which any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Property, the Land Tax whereof shall be proposed to be redeemed by virtue of this Act, shall be situate, a Schedule or Description in Writing of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Property; which Schedule shall contain the respective Natures of the Premises, and the Name or Names of the respective Occupiers thereof, and the Parish or Place where the same shall be situate; and the said Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply, or Chief Magistrate respectively, shall ascertain, settle, and adjust the Amount of the Land Tax charged upon the respective Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Property contained in such Schedule, ditlinguishing, according to the Form and Method in the Schedule to this Aci annexed, marked (A); the Dillridl or Division, and also the Parish or Place, Parishes, or Places, within which, and the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Property, upon which each separate Assessment of Land Tax shall be charged, and shall grant a Certificfte thereof to the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons applying for the fame, who shall thereupon produce such Certificate to the respective Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, for the same Place, by virtue of his Majesty's Warrant ynder the Royal Sign Manual, or transmit the lame to their Clerk; and if the Land Tax proposed to be redeemed shall not exceed the Sum of twenty-five Pounds, and the Consideration for the Redemption thereof is to be in Money, shall specify the same in Writing, and whether the same is proposed to be paid in one Sum or by Instalments, and also the Day or Days on which the same is proposed to be paid; and the said last mentioned Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to examine such Certificate, and amend the same if necessary, and thereupon to contract and agree with the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Persons applying for the Redemption of such Land Tax, according to the Directions of this Act; and the said last mentioned Commissioners shall cause the Description of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Property compri/.ed in the Certificate of Land Tax, to he inserted in the Certificate of the Contract.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That where the Consideration for the Redemption of any Land Tax shall be in Stock, the Certificate of the Contract shall be in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (B), and where the Consideration for such Redemption shall be in lawful Money of Great Britain, such Certificate shall be in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (C).

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That where the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid, shall have in their Possession Copies of the respective Assessments of I.and Tax, charged upon the respective Parishes or Places in their respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Stewartries, or Places, which shall have been transmitted to them as'true Copies, by the Clerks to the Commissioners of Land Tax, acting in and for any Hundred, Ward, Lathe, Wapentake, or other Division in England, or by the Clerks to the Commissioners of Supply in Scotland, of the County, Stewartry, City, or Burgh wherein such Parishes or Places shall be situate, according to the Directions of the said secondly recited Act of the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid, to contract and agree with any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon their respective Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, although no Certificate of the Amount of such Land Tax shall be produced and shewn to them by the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons applying to redeem the fame: Provided always, that such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, shall transmit to the Clerk of the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid, such or the like Schedule or Description in Writing, of all and every the said Manors, Messuages, Lards, Tenements, or Hereditaments, charged with such Land 'Fax, as is hereby required to be produced to the said Commissionent of Land Tax or Supply; and the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, shall cause tube inserted in even' Certificate of such Contract, the Description of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Prop: rty, contained in such Schedule, and also a true Copy of the Assessment, so far as relates to such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Property, together with the Amount of the Land Tax charged thereon, according to such Copy of the Assessment as shall be in their Possession as aforesaid.

XXXIII. Provided always, nrd be it further enacted, That where the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid, shall not have in their Possession any such Copies of the respective Assessments of Land Tax charged upon any Parishes or Places, and shall have demanded or cause to be demanded the same from the Clerks to the Commissioners of Laud Tax or Supply acting in their respective Divisions r.s aforesaid (which they are lierebv authorized and required to do), and also in ever)' Case where any Alteration shall be made in the Assessments of Land Tax by or under the Authority of such Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply, the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Time being, having such Assessments in his Custody, shall, and he is hereby required, within iix Days after any such Demand made, or after any such Alteration as aforesaid, to make out a true Copy, fairly written, of such Alfdiinents, or of so much thereof as shall be so altered, which shall be subscribvd by any two or more of the said Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply; and such Clerk shall deliver such Copies so hihscribed, or cause the same to be lo delivered, to the said Commissioners ailing in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid, or their Clerk, within the Time before limited, or permit him to take Copies of such A fit (Invents, or of inch Parts thereof as shall be altered as aforesaid; and in caie the said Clerk to the Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply shall refuseor neglect make out and deliver such Copies, or fiiail not permit the same to lie taken as aforesaid, within six Days after any such Demand, or any such Alteration in the Assessments shall be made as aforesaid, he shall for every such Refusal or Neglect (orieit the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered in such Manner as any Penalty may by this Act he recovered.

XXXIV. Provided also, and bo it further enacted, That every Clerk to the Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply shall, for every such Copy io made out by him as aforesaid, be entitled to have and receive, for his

u g a. »ouble

555

Commissioners of Land Tax, &c. who shall settle and certify A mount of Land Tax, according to Schedule ( A)*(.L lo Fecju L\

Such Certificate shall Reproduced to and examined by Commissioners foi Redemption; who may agree with the Parties for the Redemption of the Land Tax.

Form of Certificates of Con-tra<fi: for Stock, Sclu'tf. B — Money, Sched.C. Where Commis-(ioncis for Redemption have Coj ies of Assessments of Land Tax, tiar.fniiited under 39 G. 3, c. 11. they may conir. with th* Parties, all though they do produce Ccr-tiii ates of the Amount; hut the Deft: ipt.o* of the F.Rate, and a If 5 a Copy of the A ffeffy mc-nt, shall 1 e liapfniiutu to

lae C ir.mtl? o i-ci <, a'd infi rted in the-IV; tificaic of C_iin.; (ft.

Clerks ro Land Tax C0111rr.il*-

fioiK i s, v h«*n

itquij«*d by (Me Comiiiilh.mers for Rt deni pi on, or wiit no or any A lit" iliun shall Le made in ihe A fit iliv cut. lh..U transmitCo] »ek cl such Ail - i -meat or Alu: a-ti., 11, O.)

Penally ui 5->l-

H furliC* piet Hi .11 I 1 paid

55$

C. 116.

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 180$.

Where Tythes, Fee Farm Rents, Sec. have not been, or not difr tin#ly, assessedt? the Land Tax, Commissioners of Land Tax may adjust the Proportions; and on tireir Certificate the Cora-vmflioners for Redemption may contract;

as may also the Commissioners for Redemption, on Application to them.

Trouble in making out the fame, upon Application to the Receiver General in England and Collector in &<?/-land, of the County, Riding, Division, otewartry, or Place, or his Deputy, and on Production of a Certificate of two or more of the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid, that such Copy hath been duly delivered pursuant to the Directions of this Act, after the Rate of four Pence for every Chancery Sheet contained in such Copy, reckoning every separate Amount of Land Tax set down in Figures or Numbers in such Copy, as three Words.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Difficulty shall arise in the Redemption of Land Tax, which ought to be charged on any Tythes, or any Fee Farm Rents, Feu Duties or other Rents, or any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, because such Tythes, Rents, Feu Duties, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall not have been assessed, or not distinctly assessed to the Land Tax, or because the Land Tax has been deduced out of any such Rents by the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands charged with such Rents, it shall be lawful for the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons entitled to such Tythes, Rents, Feu Duties, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to apply to the Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply, to settle and adjust the Proportion of Land Tax which ought to be borne and paid by such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons on account of such Tythes, Rents, Feu Duties, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall not have been assessed, or not distinctly assessed to the Land Tax; and such Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply, or any two of them, shall thereupon ascertain, settle, and adjust the fame, and grant a Certificate thereof; and upon the Production of such Certificate it shall be lawful for the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid, to contract and agree with such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons respectively, for the Redemption of such Land Tax; and it shall be lawful for all such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, to do all Acts necessary for the Purpose of carrying such Contract into Execution, in the same Manner as if such Tythes, Rents, Feu Duties, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, had beed distinctly assessed to the Land Tax.

XXAVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any such Rents or Feu Duties as aforesaid, and the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, out of which the same may issue, shall not be distinctly assessed to the Land Tax as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Time being acting in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid, upon the Application of the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, entitled to such Kents, or Feu Duties, or to such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, respectively, and who shall be desirous of redeeming their respective Proportions of such Land Tax, to settle and adjust the Proportions of such Land Tax which ought to be borne in respect of such Rents or Feu Duties, and in respect of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, respectively, in like Manner as such Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply as aforesaid are empowered to settle and adjust the fame, and thereupon to contract and agree with the Bodies Politick or Coroorate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons making such Application as aforesaid, for the Redemption of their respective Proportions of such Land Tax.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any such Certificate or Schedule as aforesaid shall be produced or transmitted by any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, ia for entciinz pursuance of this Act, for the Puroofe of entering into any Contract for the Redemption of Land Tax, by into Contract for Payment of the Consideration in Money, the Clerk to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act Redemption by as aforesaid, shall forthwith cause an Account to be transmitted to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, for the Information of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, and also to the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or Place if in England, or to the Receiver General if in Scotland, which shall specify the Amount of the Land Tax proposed to be redeemed, and the Day or Days of Payment on which the whole Consideration, or the different Instalments thereof (as the Case may be) shall be proposed to be paid; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them for the Time being, are hereby empowered to direct from Time to Time, as there shall be Occasion, sufficient Money to be advanced to the Commissioners and Receiver^for t^e Reduction of the National Debt, for the Purchase of so much Capital Stock as shall be necessary for the Completion of such Contracts, or any Instalment thereof, as well before or on the respective Days appointed for the Payment of the Sums to be payable on such Contract, as before or on the respective Days whereon any Payments in Advance shall be made as herein-before is provided, or as soon after as the same can conveniently be done, out of any Monies in the Hands of such Receivers General respectively, or out of any Publick Monies in the Receipt of the Exchequer, applicable to the Supplies and Services of the Year, as to the said Commis-dire^Money to sioners of the Treasury shall seem expedient; which Sums so advanced shall be from Time to Time replaced by be advanced to and out of the Monies to be paid upon such Contract to such Receivers General; and the Stock so purchased shall be placed in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, in like Manner as if the same had been purchased by and with the Monies paid on such Contract; and as soon as any such Contract shall be completed, the Commissioners with whom the same shall have also cause Notice thereof to be transmitted to the said Commissioners for the Affairs of

When Certificate, Sec. shall be produced

a Money Con Iteration, the Clerk to the Commissioners for Redemption shall transmit to IheTiit Office and Receive General, See. Amount of Land Tax proposed to be redeemed, and the Teiros; whereupon Treasury may

the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, to be applied in puri haf-ing Stock to

complete Contrails, &c.

been entered into, shall Taxes, and also to such Receiver General respectively as aforesaid,

On Prod u# ion of Certificate of Contract, and Transfer of the Consideration where in Stock the Cashier of the Bank shall indoi fe a Re-

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Production of the Certificate of any such Contract as aforesaid at the Bank of England, in Cases where the Consideration shall be in Stock, and upon the Transfer to the Commissioners for the Kedudio* of the National Debt, of the three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, to be transferred as the Consideration for the Redemption of the Land Tax thereby contracted for, or of such Proportion of such Bank Annuities as shall have been agreed to be transferred as the first Instalment thereof, every such Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, or other Person or Persons, shall be entitled to have a Certificate or Receipt from the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England % acknowledging such Transfer, which Certificate or Receipt the said Caftiier or Caftuers is or are hereby re-

8 quired

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 116. 557

quired to give, and the same shall be indorsed on the Certificate of such Contract in the Form prescribed in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (E); and in Cases where the Consideration shall be in Money, then upon the Production of the Certificate of such Contract to the Receiver General for the County, Riding, or Place in England, or his Deputy, or the Collector for the Shire, Stewartry, or Place in Scotland, where the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Property, of which the said Land Tax shall be so redeemed, shall be situate, and upon Payment to such Receiver General or his Deputy, or such Collector, of the Sum of Money to be paid as the Consideration for such Redemption, or of the Proportion of any such Sum as shall have been agreed to be paid as the first instalment thereof (which Sum of Money such Receiver General or his Deputy, or such Collector, is hereby authorized and required to receive accordingly) every such Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, or other Person or Persons, shall be entitled to a Certificate or Receipt from such Receiver General or his Deputy, or such Collector, acknowledging such Payment, which shall be indorsed on the Certificate of the Contract in the Form prescribed in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (F); and every such Certificate or Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, or of such Receiver General or his Deputy in England, or of such Collector in Scotland, shall be an Acquittance and Discharge to the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons transferring such Stock, or paying such Money as aforesaid; and upon the Transfer or Payment of such Consideration, or of such Proportion thereof as shall have been agreed to be transferred or paid as the first instalment thereof, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or other Property comprized in such Contract, shall be wholly freed and exonerated from the Land Tax charged thereon, and from all further Assessments thereof, from such of the Quarterly Days of Payment of Land Tax as shall next precede the Day of the Transfer or Payment of such Consideration or the first instalment thereof, provided the Certificate of the Contract shall be duly registered pursuant to the Directions of this Act: Provided always, that where any Contract for the Redemption of any Land Tax shall not be registered within the Period herein after prescribed, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Property therein comprized, shall only be exonerated from the Land Tax charged thereon, from such of the said Quarterly Days of Payment of Land Tax as shall next precede the Day whereon such Contract shall be left at the proper Office for the Purpose of being registered; but all such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Property, whereof the Land Tax shall be so redeemed, shall be charged and chargeable with the Payment of the Land Tax, up to and upon such next preceding Quarterly Day of Collection or Payment of Land Tax as aforesaid.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That when any one or more of any Persons who shall be seised or entitled in undivided Shares and Proportions, as Coparceners, or Heirs Portioners, Tenants in Common, or Joint Tenants, of or to any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall redeem his, her, or their Proportion of the Land Tax charged thereon, and Partition shall at any Time afterwards be made of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, between such Coparceners, or Heirs Portioners, Tenants in Common, or Joint Tenants, then and in such Case the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall upon such Partition be allotted to the Person or Persons who shall To have redeemed his, her, or their Proportion of the said Land Tax, shall, immediately upon such Partition being completed, be and become exonerated and discharged from such Land Tax, and every Part thereof.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where in any Contract wrhich shall have been entered into by virtue of the said recited Acts for the Redemption of Land Tax, or any of them, an Option shall have been declared to consider the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons contrafting for such Land Tax, on the same Footing as a Person not interested in the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments comprized in such Contract, by reason whereof the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall remain chargeable with the Land Tax, and such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, or their respective Successors, Heirs, Executors, Administra-tors, or Assigns, shall be desirous of exonerating such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments from Land Tax, it shall be lawful for them respectively, at any Time hereafter, to make Application for that Purpose to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid, for the County, Riding, Shire, Stewfartry, City, Town, or Place where such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be situate; and on any such Application, and on the Production of a Certificate under the Hands and Seals of any two of the Commissioners of Land Tax acting for the Division or Place wherein the same shall be situate, of the Amount of the Land Tax then charged on such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and of the Certificate of the Contract for the Redemption of such Land Tax, to the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for them, or any two or more of them, to contract with such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, their respective Successors, Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for exonerating their laid Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments from Land Tax; and in every such Case, where it shall appear by such Certificate and Contract that no Variation has taken place in the mean Time, in the Amount of such Land Tax, to amend or cause to be amended the Certificate of any such Contract, by feriking out all such Parts thereof as relate to the Declaration of such Option therein, and to certify their having so done under their respective Hands and Seals, on the Back of such Certificate; and after the Regiilry of such Certificate and such Indorsement thereon, in the Manner herein directed (whether such Certificate shall have been previously registered or not) the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments comprized therein, shall be wholly exonerated from Land Tax, from such of the Quarterly Days of Collection and Payment of Land Tax as shall next precede the Day whereon such Certificate of Contract shall be left at the proper Office, for the Purpose of being registered as lull mentioned; and whenever it shall appear in any such Case, by the Certificate of the Amount ot Land Tax, and the Certificate of the Contract for Redemption thereof respectively, that the Amount of Land Tax then charged upon the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments

comprized

ceipt on the Certificate of Contra^ [&*» SrUed. (E)] On Money, Considerations. the Receiver General, &c, on Payment, shall indorse the Re-'ccipt on the Certificate. [S«rffA*rf.(F)]

On fiR*h Trans-feror Payment, the Lands (halt be exonerated from Land Tax from the preceding Quarter Day, provided the Certificate of Conti a# Lc duly registered, otherwise only from the Quarter preceding the Day of its being left forRegiflry.

[5>e §164.3 When one or more Coparceners shall redeem their Land Tax, [&<?§ 1 f.J their Allotments shall be exonerated immediately on Partition.

Where an Option OuU have been declared by a Contractor for Redemption, to be considered as a Person not interested, by Reason whereof the Land Tax shall remain chargeable, the Commissioners for Redemption, may contract for exonerating the Lands.

How such Contracts shall be completed, wire 1 e no Variation has taken place inAmount of Land Tax*

Hose onlncrease or Decrease of Land Tax.

S5«

C. 116.

4.2° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

'Where Land Tax has inert a fed, the Party shall con-to transfer additionalStock, ic c.

Where decreaf-ed, the Ci>m-miflioiur* shall certify the Amount of the Consideration to the Tax Office, who shall order the Difference to be settled.

Time of Exoneration.

PersonalProper-

ty diredhd to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands in Tt uft for ary Corporation, Sec may be applied, with t4ie Coiifont of Commissioner* (and of the Cuurt under whose Controul it may be), in Re. tmption of Land Tax.

How Trust Property mxv be applied in Redemption of Land Tax on limited Lauds,

comprized therein, is either Tnore or less than the Amount of Land Tax redeemed by such Contract, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners, or any two of them, to refeind such Coutra#, and to enter into a new Contract for the Redemption of the Land Tax, which shall be then charged upon the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, without any Declaration of an ^Dption being inserted therein, and to indorse on the Certificate of such new Contract a true Copy of any MReipt or Receipts indorsed on the original Certificate of the Contract, purporting to be given by any Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, or by any Receiver or Receivers General of Land Tax in England, or Collector in Scotland, for the Consideration, or any Part thereof, to be transferred or paid, and actually transferred or paid, on such original Contract: Provided that no such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be exonerated in any Case where any such Land Tax shall have been increased, unless the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons so applying as aforesaid, shall contract to transfer or pay, and shall, at the Time to be mentioned in such Certificate of Contract, accordingly transfer at the Bank of England, or pay to the Receiver General in England, or his Deputy, or Collector in Scotland, of the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town, or Place where the same shall be situate (as the Case may require) so much three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, in addition to the Amount of Stock that shall have been already transferred, or so much Money in addition to the Amount of Money already paid in respect of such Land Tax, as shall be necessary, according to the Provisions of this Act, to redeem so much Land Tax as shall be equal in Amount to the Difference between the Land Tax contracted for in and by such new Contract, and the Land Tax contracted for in and by the Contract which shall have been so refeinded: Provided also, that in every such Case where the Land Tax contracted for as aforesaid, shall have been in the mean Time decreased in Amount, which Amount shall have been duly charged on any other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the same Parish or Place, and a new Contract shall be entered into for the Redemption of the Land Tax then charged as aforesaid in purfirance of this Act, the Commissioners who shall enter into such last mentioned Contract shall certify in Writing, signed by two or more of them, to the Commissioners for the Affaits of Taxes, the several Amounts of the Stock or Money contracted to be transferred or paid by, and a#ually transferred or paid, in pursuance of the original and new Contracts respectively; and it shall thereupon be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to order and dire# the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or the Receiver General in England, or Collector in Scotland, for the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, or Place where such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall be situate respectively, in Cases where more or a greater Consideration shall have been transferred or paid on the original Contract than the Consideration inserted in the new Certificate of Contract, to repay all such Monies to the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the fame, as shall be due and payable in respect of such Difference in the Considerations, if such Monies shall not have been vested in Stock; and in Cases where such Stock hath been purchased and placed in the Name of or transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, then upon a Certificate, signed by any three or more of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, of the Amount of such Stock transferred upon the original Contract, and the Amount required to be transferred upon the new Contract, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, or any one or more of them, and he and they is and are hereby required to transfer the Difference between such Amounts of Stock so certified, to the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons entitled unto the fame; and after the Registry of such Certificate of Contract in the Manner herein dire#ed, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments comprized therein, shall be wholly exonerated from Land Tax, from such of the Quarterly Days appointed for the Payment of Land Tax, as shall next precede the Day whereon such Certificate of Contract shall be left at the proper Office, for the Purpose of being registered as aforesaid.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall belong to orstand limited to the life or for the Benefit of any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or publick Companies, or any Feoffees or Tmftees for charitable or other publick Purposes, and any Personal Property which now is or shall hereafter be inverted in the publick Stocks or Funds, or placed out on any Mortgage or other Security, either in the Names of such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or in the Names of any Truffee or Trustees, or of the Officer or Officers of any Court, shall be subject toanyTrufl to be laid out in the Purchase of other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be conveyed or limited to the life or for the Benefit of such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or for such Trustees or Officers respectively, with the Consent and Approbation of any two or more of the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, by virtue of his Majesty's Letters Patent under the Great Seal (to be certified under their Elands) to apply such Personal Property in or towards the Redemption of the Land Tax, or any Part thereof, charged upon the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging to such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes; and where any such Personal Property shall be under the Dire#ion or Controul of any Court, the same shall be so applied under the Order of such Court, to be made upon the Production of such Certificate of the said Commissioners as aforesaid.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging to any other Person or Persons, shall be settled or limited to or for any particular Uses, Trusts, Intent*, or Purposes, and any other Property, shall be subject to any Trust to be laid out or invested in the Purchase of other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to or for the same Uses, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes, or to be applied in the Payment of any Debts or Charges asse#ing the fame, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful to apply such other Property in the Redemption of the

Laud

A.D. 180a.

42° GEORGII III.

C. i r6.

559

Where Trust

Properly is insufficient. Deficiency may he supplied under this Act.

Land Tax, or any Part thereof, charged upon such settled Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, with such Consent as shall be necessary for the Purpose of applying such other Property in the Purchase of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to the Terms of the Trull affecting the fame, whether such Trull shall have been created or directed by any Act of Parliament, Deed, Will, or otherwise; and when any such Trull Property shall be under the Direction or Cgntroul of any Court, the same shall be so applied under the Order of such Court.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Land Tax charged upon any Manors, Land Tax so re Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging to any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Com- deemed with panies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons, shall be T1* Pro*1 !* redeemed by the Application of any such Peribnal Trust Propertvyis aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, such

Land Tax shall fink and become merged in the same Manors, messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Benefit of the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Truflcea for charL table or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons respectively entitled thereto: Provided also, that in case any such Personal Trust Property which shall be so applied, shall be insufficient for the Redemption of the whole Land Tax charged upon such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, it shall be lawful for such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons respectively, to use and exercise all and every other the Powers given to or vested in them respectively in and by this Act, in order to raiie Money for the Redemption of so much of the Land Tax charged on such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as such Personal Trust Property shall be insufficient to redeem.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne Governor? of for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, from Time to Time to apply any Sum or Sums ^uccn Anne's of Money or other Funds, which under or by virtue of any Laws now in force, or of the Charter granted in aoTv^Money the Reign of Queen Anne, now is or are or hereafter shall be applicable towards the Augmentation of any jn redeeming Living or Livings within the Meaning of such Laws or Charter respectively, in and for the Redemption of the Land Tax on Land Tax charged or hereafter* to be charged upon the Lands, Tythes, or other Profits arising from any such Livings, and Li ving or Livings, which at any Time before, or on or after the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand ^ar'cs^nan'e^ eight hundred and two, shall have been or shall be contradled for by the Incumbent or Incumbents of such by Yncumheuts, Living or Livings (with the Consent of the said Governors) or which may be contracted for by the said Gover- under foimer nors in pursuance of this Act, and the Transfer or Payment of the Consideration for such Redemption by the ACis. [Sre e/fo said Governors, or by their Order or Direction, shall, from the Quarter Day next preceding the making § I5*161 thereof, wholly exonerate and discharge the Lands, Tythes, or other Profits of such Living or Livings from such Land Tax, w'hich shall from thenceforth fink and be extinguished for the Benefit of such Living or Livings; and it shall also be lawful for the said Governors from Time to Time to apply any such Sum or Sums of Money, or other Funds as aforesaid, in, for, and towards the purchasing any Rent Charge or Rent Charges which shall have been or shall be granted under the Authority of any of the said recited Acts, or of this Act, by any Incumbent or Incumbents of any Living or Livings which the said Governors have already agreed, or shall hereafter agree to augment; and every such Rent Charge, when so purchased, shall be surrendered to the Incumbent for the Time being of the Living upon which the same shall have been charged, to the Intent that the same may fink and be extinguished for the Benefit of such Living or Livings.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees for the Time being, of any Trust Property heretofore given by any Will, for the Purpose of being laid out in the Purchase of Lands or Impropriate Tythes for the Benefit of the poor Clergy in England, (with such Consent as is required by such Will, ) to apply from Time to Time any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Funds, which by virtue of such Will now is or are, or hereafter shall be applicable for the Purpose aforesaid, in, for, or towards the Redemption of any Land Tax charged or to be charged upon the Lands, Tythes, or other Profits arising from any Living or Livings belonging to the Church of England) which at any Time before, or on or after the said twenty-fourth Lay of June One thousand eight hundred and two, shall have been, or shall be contracted for by the Incumbent or Incumbents of such Living or Livings, with the Consent of the said Trustees, or of such other Persons whose Consent is required by such Will, or which may be contrafted for by the said Trustees, in pursuance of this Act; and the Transfer or Payment of the Consideration for such Redemption by the said Trustees, or by their Order or Direction, shall, from the Quarter Day next preceding the making thereof, wholly exonerate and discharge the Lands, Tvtlies, or other Profits of such Living or Livings, from such Land Tax, which shall from thenceforth fink and be extinguished for the Benefit of such Living or Livings; and every such Redemption of Land Tax, by virtue of this Act, for the Benefit of such Living or Livings, shall be deemed valid and effectual in the Law, and equivalent, to all Intents, Conllruclions, and urposes, to a Purchase or Purchases of Lands or Tythes for that Purpose, under the Trulls of such Will, any Statutes of Mortmain, or other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments have been or shall be settled to charitable Uses, for the Benefit of any Parish or Place, it shall be lawful to apply such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be necessary for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged thereon, out of any Rate made or to be made on such Pan fit or Place, for the Relief of the Poor, in case the Rents and Profits of such Lands shall he applicable for the Benefit of the Poor, and out of any Church Rate, in v'afe the Rents and Profits shall be applicable to the Repairs of any Church or Chapel, or otherwise out of Inch Parifit Rate as the Circumstance of the particular Calc shall require: Provided always, that no such Rate shall be so applied without Approbation of two Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, or Place, certified in Writing to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, by virtue of his MajestyN Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, upon Proof before such Justices on Oath or Affirmation, of Notice having been given

during

Trustees for poor Clergy may lay out Trust Money in jedecmingLand Tax on Livings, [ Anct'frr^16.

77. 161J

Land Tax o« Linds settled for the Benefit of any Parish, &c, may he redeemed oat Ol tire Poor of Chinch Rates, uith Approbation of two Justices.

560

Such Land Tax may be redeemed by Trust Property, and the Lands shall be charged with an Annuity equal to the Trust Property so applied, with the like Consent of Justice*.

Donations to Hospitals, &c. may be applied in Redemption of Land Tax.

Canal Companies, Sec.

[5ee §1 a.] may redeem by Calls, fee. under the respective Acts.

Money may be bequeathed,

&c. to redeem Land Tax for charitable Uses.

For redeeming Land Tax on Lands belonging to Indivi. duals, the Persons in Possession, but not having the absoluteEstate, See. and Per fun beneficially entitled to Rents, (except Tenants at Rack Rent, fee. and Crown Tenants,

V'* §7i*])may

fell Part of such Lands, Heriots, fee. or may mortgage the fame, or grant any Rent Charge to the Amount of the Land Tax.

to Corporations, foe pojt.

§ 63, tfc.]

C. 116. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

during Divine Service, on two Sundays at the lead, in the Church or Chapel belonging to such Parish or Place, or where there shall be no Church or Chapel, then in the Church or Chapel of some Parish adjoining thereto, of an Intention to make such Application, and of the Time and Place of applying for the Approbation of such Ju dices.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That where under any Act of Parliament, or any Deed or Will, or under any Decree of any Court, any Trull Property shall be applicable to any charitalJle Purposes for the Benefit of any Parish or Place, it shall and may be lawful to apply such Trull Property, or any Part thereof, in <he Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, settled to charitable Uses, for the Benefit of such Parish or Place; and by Deed under the Hands and Seals of the Parson, Vicar, or Curate, and of the Churchwardens and Overseers of such Parish or Place, or of the major Part of them, inrolled in such Manner as is herein directed with respect to Deeds executed by Trustees and other Persons for the Sale of Lands for redeeming the Land Tax, to charge such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or a sufficient Part thereof, with the Payment of an Annuity or Rent Charge equal to the Amount of the Income of the Trull Property which shall have been applied in the Redemption of such Land Tax: Provided always, that no such Trull Property shall be so applied or Annuity charged without the Approbation of such Justices, certified in such Manner, and with such Proof of Notice as is hereby directed, in case of the Application of the Poors Rates or Church Rates for the Redemption of Land Tax.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governors and Directors of Hospitals, and other charitable Institutions, to apply any Legacies or voluntary Donations bequeathed or given to or for the Benefit of such Hospitals and charitable Institutions, and which shall not have been directed by the Person or Persons bequeathing or giving the same to be applied in any particular Manner, for or towards the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments belonging to such Hospitals or charitable Institutions.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Company or Companies of Proprietors of Canals, or other Navigations or Works of publick Utility, hereby empowered to contract for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on the Tolls and other Profits arising therefrom, as well as on the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments belonging thereto, to raise such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be necessary for the Redemption of such Land Tax, either by Calls on the respective Proprietors, or by Mortgage, or by all and every or any of the Ways and Means, whereby they are or shall be authorized or empowered by any Act or Acts now in being, or that shall hereafter be passed, to raise Money for any of the Purposes in such Acts respectively mentioned.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, by Will or otherwise, or any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, to give any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpose of applying the same in the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, settled to any charitable Uses, which Sum or Sums may and shall be so applied accordingly; any Statute of Mortmain, or other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

LI. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of redeeming any Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, belonging to any Person or Persons (not being respectively Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes) whether such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be respectively situate in the same or in any other Division or Place in the same County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry, or in any other County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry, and whether such Land Tax shall have been or shall be contrafted for either before or on the said twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, or at any Time thereafter, by virtue of this Act, it shall be lawful for all and every such Person and Persons who are, is, or shall for the Time being be seized or possessed, or entitled beneficially in Possession to* the Rents and Profits of, but who shall not have the absolute Ellate or Interest in, any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Heriots, Services, Emoluments, or Advantages, issuing or payable from or in respect of any Freehold or of or Cullomary Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or incident thereto, or accruing therefrom (other than and except Tenants at Rack Rent for any Terms of Years, or from Year to Year, or at Will, and Tenants holding under the Crown any Lands or Tenements within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer or the Duchy of Lattcaster, or under the Duke of Cornwall, any Lands or Tenements belonging to and Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall) but nevertheless under the Restrictions and Regulations herein after meiltioned, absolutely to sell and dispose of by publick Sale or private Contract, and by Deed indented and inrolled or registered in the Manner prescribed by this Act, to convey (either at one Time for the Purpose of making good the Whole of the Consideration for the Redemption of any such Land Tax, or at various Times for the Purpose of making good the respective Instalments thereof, as the same shall respectively become due, or any Number of Instalments at once, as shall be most expedient) any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or ai\y such Heriots, Services, Emoluments, or Advantages, whereof such Person or Persons shall be in the actual Possession, or entitled beneficially to the Rents and Profits, as shall be eligible and necessary, whether of Freehold or of of or Customaiy Tenure, or holden for any Term or Terms of Years (other than for any Term or Terms of Years at a Rack Rent) and whether the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Heriots, Services, Emoluments, or Advantages so fold shall be charged or not charged with, or shall be exempt from the Payment of Land Tax, and if the same shall be charged with any Land Tax, then freed and discharged from such Land Tax; and it shall also be lawful for all and every such Persons and Person who are or is, or shall for the Time being be in the actual Receipt or Perception of, and beneficially entitled to the Rents and Services reserved or due and payable in respect and out of any Manors, Messuages,

Lands,

A.D. 180a. 42 GEORGII III. C. 116.

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall have been or shall be granted by him, her, or them, or any former Owner or Owners thereof, for any beneficial Lease or Leases, or by any Copy or Copies of Court Roll, or demised according to the Custom of any Manor for Life or Lives, or Years absolute, or Years determinable on any Life or Lives, absolutely to fell and dif^ofe of, by publick &ale or private Contract, and in like Manner to convey (either at one Time or at various Times as aforesaid) the Fee Simple and Inheritance of any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall have been or shall be so granted or dentifed for any beneficial Lease or Leases, or by any Copy or Copies of Court Roll, or by any Other Grant, according to the Custom of any Manor, for Life or Lives, or Years absolute, or Years determinable upon any Life or Lives, and also the Rents and Services, and other Profits reserved or payable upon Or in respuft of inch Lea fell old of of Tenements or Hereditaments, subject to the fubfilling Interests of the respective Lessees, Copyholders, or other cullomary Tenants, whether such last-mentionea Manors,

Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be charged or not charged with, or shall be exempt from the Payment of Land Tax, or whether the Land Tax charged thereon shall have been redeemed by the respective Lessees or Copyholders, or customary Tenants thereof, or not, and if the same shall be charged With any Tart, then freed and discharged from such Land Tax; and it shall be lawful for all and every such Persons and Person, by Deed indented, and also enrolled or registered as herein is directed, and under the Restrictions and Regulations herein after mentioned, to convey or demise any of such Freehold, of, or Leasehold Manors, Messuage.s, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whereof they shall be in the actual Possession, or beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits as aforesaid, freed and discharged from Land Tax, i; i Case any- Lind Tax shall be charged thereotl, to any Person or Persons by way of Mortgage, either in Fee Simple or for any Term or Terms of YcaCs (where the same shall not be of of or Customary Tenure) for fectiring such Sum or Slims of Money as shall be sufficient to redeem the Land Tax which hath been or shall be so contracted for by such Person or Persons as aforesaid, or to grant any Rent Charge to be issuing Out of and chargeable upon any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, rtot exceeding the Amount of the Land Tax so contracted for as aforesaid: Provided always, that no Sale, NofuchSale, Mortgage# or Grant of or out of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be shall be i made by any such Person or Persons by virtue of this Act, other than for the Purpose of redeeming Land JJ^eeminr Land Tax charged thereon (in Cases where the same shall be charged with any Land Tax) and also on other Manors, Tax on Land* Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which Hand limited or settled, and subject to or for the fold, &c. same Uses, Trusts, Intents, oi* Purposes, or in the same Order or Course of Limitation as the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be so fold, mortgaged, or charged as aforesaid, save and except as to such Variations as may necessarily be occasioned by the Difference in the Nature of the Tenure of Freehold and of Estates.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person who shall be seized in Fee Tail TcnintsinTail of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements# or Hereditaments in England, to convey such Part or Parts in England raay thereof as shall be deemed eligible and necessary to be sold for the Purpose of redeeming the Land Tax charged nn such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by Deed indented, and enrolled or §61.forScvt* registered in the Manner prescribed by this Act; and every such Deed so enrolled or registered as aforesaid, land.) shall as effectually and absolutely bar all Estatea Tail and other Estates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy in the Hereditaments so conveyed, as if such Tenant in Fail had levied a Fine or suffered a Common Recovery thereof in due Form of Law.

L{[1. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for the Purposes aforesaid, it shall be lawful for Ommiuees, all Committees and Curators of Lunatics or Idiots, and Guardians or Tutors of Infants, and all Executors Guaimans &r. and Admin ift rat ors, Curators, or Trustees whatsoever, seized or possessed of any Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments in Trust, and having Authority to act for Infants, Minors, Iffuc unborn, Femes io'inra|>aC!i!iicd

Covert, or other Persons incapable by Law or Deed to act for themselves, on the Behalf of such incapacitated lvifon*. [An>4

Persons respectively, and under the Restrictions and Regulations herein contained, to icll, or mortgage and /* §14 ]

Convey, or grant any Rent Charge out of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

belonging to, or limited or settled to the Use or for the Benefit of any such Lunatics or Idiots, Infants

Minors, lffiie unborn, Femes Covert, or other incapacitated Persons, which such Lunatics or Idiots, Infants

of Minors, Issue unborn (if in ijfr)y Femes Covert, or other incapacitated Persons, could or might have fold,

mortgaged, or charged with any Rent Charge for the Purpose of redeeming any Land 1 ix in retpeft of their

Estate or Interest therein, either by virtue of this Act or otherwise, it they respectively had not been under any such Incapacity as aforesaid, and in the same Manner in all Respects as they respectively could or might

have fold, or mortgaged and conveyed, or charged the same.

L!Y. And be it further enacted, That all Saks Mortgages, or Grant 5 in relation to Estates in England, Surli Sito, &c. which shall be made by virtue of this Act by any Person or Persons (other than Bodies Politick or Corporate, ot

ompanies, or Feofees or Trustees for charitable or oth.ef publick Purposes, and other than such Person or under

Persons holding under any Grant from the Crown, or any Act of Parliament, as herein after mentioned) shall u^mhonty ot* be made under the Authority, and with the Content and Approbation of the Commissioners for the Time moCommif-heing acting in the Execution of this Act, by virtue of his Majesty's \\ arrant under the Royal Sign Manual, fiuneis for tii? for the County, Riding, or Place, in which the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Wave whweihe Winch shall be to fold, mortgaged, or charged, shall be situate; and no such Sale, Mortgage, or Grant shall an s ie* be valid or effectual, uvdefs two at least of such Commissioners thall certify their Consent thereto, and Approbation thereof, by figr.ing and sealing the Deed of Sale, Mortgage, or Grant, as Parties thereto.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Manors, Messuages, Lands, IVrements, or Here- Our Monti*'? d 1 tamei 11 s in England, shall be to fold or mortgaged, nor any Rent Charge granted thereout by virtue of this Act, by any Pel ion or Persons, under the Authority of the said last-mettiuued Commissioners, without one '

42 Geo. III. 4 C Calendar '

C. 116

562

42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

to the Commissioners; with a Schedule of certain Pariicu-hr«.

'Where Lands are sold at various Times, fuuate in different Counties, Certificates of former Sales fh»fl he granted and produced; and Panics may be examined on Oath by Com-joiffiwier*.

Tenants for Lives, Ur. on Fine, may not fell without Con fen t of Reversioners.

Where Truths, &c. equally affect the Whole of Lands, Part whereof shall be proposed to be loid, the Court of Chancery, See. may order such Part to be conveyed to the Purclwftr dif-rharged from such i'ruds.

[See $ 98,

100 — ioz, J

V/hen such Sale shall be by Auction, ten D ys previous Notice Ihdl be given; when by private Contract, an Eflimnie of the Value shall J^/e made.

How Owners of Manors in England, may en-

Calendar Month's previous Notice in Writing given to the said Commissioners, by the Person or Persons desirous of making such Sale, Mortgage, or Grant; nor unless such Person or Persons shall, previously to such Sale, Mortgage, or Grant, produce to the said Commissioners a Schedule in Writing, declaring the Quantity or Duration of his, her, or their Estate or Interest in the Manors, Messuages, La*ds, Tenements, or Tiercditaments, whereon the Land Tax proposed to be redeemed shall be charged, and (if the same shall not be an Eft ate of Inheritance) then the Name or Names of the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons next entitled to any beneficial Interest in such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, expectant on the Determination of the immediate Estate or Interest therein; and if such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be subject to any Mortgage, Charge, Litn, or Incumbrance, then the Name or Names of the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons having such Mortgage, Charge, Lien, or Incumbrance, and the Amount-thereof, and (if more than one) the Priorities of the respective Incumbrances.

LVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, ^or Hereditaments, which shall be sold at various Times, shall be fuuate in different Counties, then and in such Case the Person or Persons who shall be desirous of making any such Sale, shall, in case any Manors, Mefftiages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments situate in any other County, shall have been fold for the Piupose of making good any prior Instalment', produce and shew to the said last mentioned Commissioners a Certificate, under the Hands and Seals of the Commissioners for such other County or Counties, of the former Sale or Sales, which Certificate shall contain a Statement and Account of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall have been so fold, and also the Amount of the Purchase Money for the fame; and the said Commissioners for such other County or Counties are hereby authorized and required to grant such Certificate to the Person or Persons applying for the fame; and such Commissioners under whose Authority such subsequent Sale is proposed to be made, are hereby authorized and empowered to examine upon Oath or Affirmation, in the Manner directed by this Act, the Person or Persons who shall be desirous of making such Sale as last mentioned, touching any Matters or Things relating to any former Sales, which such Commissioners may think necessary for their Information, and to receive any Affidavit or Deposition in Writing in the Manner herein prescribed.

LVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to enable any Tenant for Lives, or for Years determinable on Lives, or for Years absolute, though not at Rack Rent, to fell any Part of the Tenement demised, in case of a Demise, for which any Fine or Premium was paid, without the Consent of the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons entitled to the immediate Estate in Reversion upon such Demise.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Trusts, Mortgages, Charges, Liens, or Incumbrances shall equally affect or be a Charge upon divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, Part whereof shall be proposed to be sold for the Purpose of redeeming the Land Tax chargeable on the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so equally subject and liable to such Trusts, Mortgages, Liens, or Incumbrances, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery in England* and the Court of Session in Scotland, if such Courts respectively shall be satisfkd that such of the said Manors, Messuages* Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as shall not be proposed to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be sufficient Security for the Obie& of such Trusts, or for the Payment of such Mortgages, Liens, or other Incumbrances, to order and direct that such of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as shall be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be conveyed to the rurchafer or Purchasers thereof, freed and discharged from such Trusts, Mortgages, Liens, and other Incumbrances as aforesaid; and such Purchaser or Purchasers shall, after the Inrolment or Registry of the Conveyance or Conveyances made under such Order or Dire£Hon as herein is prescribed, hold and enjoy the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased by him, her, or them, freed and absolutely discharged therefrom: Provided always, that nothing in this Act, or in any such Order or Direction as aforesaid contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be Told for the Purposes aforesaid, from any Trusts, Mortgages, Liens, or Incumbrances which shall not equally affect or be a Charge upon the Whole of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, the Land Tax of which shall be redeemed by the Monies arising from the Sale of a Part thereof; but all such last mentioned Trusts, Mortgages, Liens, and other Incumbrances, shall remain and continue chargeable upon the Manors and other Hereditaments, which shall be sold, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been passed; and the Monies to arise from such Sales, and the Surplus thereof (if any) shall, under the Directions of the said Courts respectively, be applied in the same Manner as herein is directed* in other Cases of Sales of Estates for the Purpose of redeeming Land Tax.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That wherever any such Sale as aforesaid shall^bc by publick Auction, the Commissioners under whose Authority the same shall be made, shall cause ten Days previous Notice at the least of inch intended Sale to be published in some Newspaper usually circulated in the County, Riding, Stewartry, or Place wherein such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be situate, and wherever any such Sale shall be by private Contrail, such Commissioners shall not certify their Consent thereto or Approbation thereof, without having an Estimate in Writing, verified upon Oath or folenm Affirmation (which any one of them is hereby empowered to administer) of the Value of such Part of the Estate as shall be proposed to be sold, nor without being satisfied that the Sale thereof will not materially injure the Residue of the Estate, and that the Part proposed to be sold is proper under all Circumstances to be sold for the Purposes of this Act.

LX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons (not being respectively Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes,

z and

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 116.

and not holding under any Grant from the Crown, or any A A of Parliament, as herrin-after is mentioned.) who are or shall be seised of or beneficially entitled to any Manors in England, of which any of or Customary Estates shall be holden, with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, to be figmlied by Order upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, to enfranchise any such of or Customary Estates.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That where any Heir of Entail in Posseffzon of an entailed Estate in Scotland, or h»s or her Tutor or Tutors, or, where Fie or {he is an Idiot or Lunatick, his or her Curator or Curators, mean to fell Part of the faiil Estate, to purchase the Land Tax of the Estate in Terms of this Act, k shall he competent and requisite for him, her, or them, to apply by Petition to the Court of Scluon, dating the Amount of the Land Tax payable out of the said Estate, what Part of the Estate it is proposed to fell, and the Rent or Annual Value of that Part of the Estate, and praying the Court upon the Allegations on these Points being proved to the Satisfa#ion of the Court, and it being shewn that the Sale of the Part of the Estate proposed to be sold will not materially injure the Residue of the Estate remaining unfold, and that the Part so proposed to be sold is proper (considering all Circumstances) to be sold for the rurpose aforesaid, to authorize such Sale to proceed in Manner herein after enacted, and the Judges of the said Court are hereby 'authorized and required to order such Petitions to be intimated upon the Walls of the outer and inner House of the said Court, in common Form, for ten sederunt Days, and also to be advertised Weekly for two Weeks successively in the Edmlurgh Gazette, which Intimation and Advertisement shall he a valid and effc#ual Intimation, Ad* vertisement, and Service, to all Intents and Purposes, as much as if the said Petitions had been perforally intimated to orferved upon all Person shaving or pretending to have any Interest with regard to the said Estate, as substitute Heirs of Entail, Creditors ©n the said Estate, or in any other Way or Changer whatever; and {jich Intimation being duly made, the Court shall proceed summarily in the Matter, and shall authorize the Sale of that Part of the Estate which the Petitioner or Petitioners are willing to fell, which the Court thinks ought to be sold for the Purpose above mentioned, and against the Sale of which no sufficient Reason is stated by any Person having Interest; and the Extra# of the Decree of the Court authorizing the Sale shall be sufficient Authority to the Commissioners a#ing under this Act to carry on the Sale in the Manner herein directed.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Heir of Entail in Possession of an entailed Estate in Scotland, or his or her Tutor or Tutors, or, where he or she is an Idiot or Lunatick, his or her Curator or Curators, m< an to burthen the said Estate with a Sum of Money to be borrowed to enable him, her, or them to purchase the Land Tax of the said Estate, it shall be competent and necessary for him, her, or them, to apply by Petition to the Court of Session, stating the Amount of the Land Tax payable out of the Estate, the Sum proposed to be borrowed, and whether it is proposed to grant the Heritable Security over the Whole or Part of the Estate, and if over Part of the Estate, what Part, and praying the Court to authorize him, her, or them, to borrow such Sum as the Court shall think proper for the Purposes of this Act, and to grant Heritable Security in common Form for that Sum, over the whole Estate or Part thereof, as the Case may be; and the Judges of the said Court are hereby authorized and required to order such Petitions to be intimated and advertised in the same Manner as Petitions praying for Authority under this Act to fell Part of entailed Estates, are by this Act ordered to be intimated and advertised, and the Effc# of such Intimation and Advertisement shall be the same in both Cases; and such Intimation and Advertisements being duly made, the Court shall proceed summarily in the Matter, and shall authorize the Petitioner or Petitioners to grant Heritable Security over the Whole of the entailed Estate or Part thereof, provided no sufficient Reason is stated to the contrary by any Person having Interest.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Farm, Lands, or Tenements usually pofifeflVd together, shall be proposed to be sold under the Provisions of this Act, which shall be more than sufficient for that Purpose, and it shall appear to the Court of Session, either from the detached Situation of such Farm, Lands, or Tenements, or from any other Circumstances, that such Farm, Lands, or Tenements cannot be divided, in order that an adequate Part thereof may be sold without Loss to the Parties interested, or that the Sale of the Whole of such Farm, Lands or Tenements, would be more eligible and advantageous to the said entailed Estate, and to the successive substitute Heirs of Entail in their Order, it shall be competent and lawful for the said Court of Session, in like Manner as it i3 authorized to proceed in other Cases by this Act (due Notice having been given to the next Substitute Heir of Email being of lawful Age, and resident within Great Britain, of such Proposal to sell and dispose of such Farm, Lands, or Tenements) to dire# and authorize the Sale of the Whole of such Farm, Lands, or Tenements; and the S rplus Money, after purchasing Stock sufficient to redeem such Land Tax, and paying and discharging the Costs and Expences attending the Sale thereof, shall, with the InterdL and Annual Produce thereof, be applied and disposed of, under she Dire#ion and with the Approbation of the said Court, in the same Manneras herein is directed with respect to the eventual Surplus arising from Sales, when no more has been exposed to Sale than is judged adequate For the Redemption of such Land Tax.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enn#ed, That all Expences incurred by Heirs of Entail, or others entitled as aforesaid to purchase the Land Tax affc#ing the entailed Estate in Scotland, either in felling Part of the said Estate, or borrowing Money on Heritable Security, or purchasing out of their own proper Means the Laud Tax asse#ing the entailed Estate, shall be defrayed out of the Price of the Land so fold, or shall be included in the Heritable or other proper Security, and may be made Part of the Charge ujpon the entailed Estate: Provided always, that the Amount of these Expences shall be previously ascertained by the Court of Session, by Decree to be obtained on a summary Application to that Purpose.

LXV. Provided asfo, and be it further enacted, That where any such Sale shall be authorized by the Court of Session, the same shall be carried on by publick Au#ion, at such Time and on such Notices as the said Court 'shall from Time to Time dire#; and further, that previous to any Sale to be made in the Terms and by virtue of the Powers required and given by this Act, the Court of Session shall catife Articles of Sale to be drawn up

4 C 2 .in

563

fnnehife Copy-holds. [.?<Y« to Corporations,

§ 70.J

In Scotland, Heirs ol E< tail in PutTc n >n. their I'tilor*, See. may id! for rpceeminj tht* Land Tax, under Aulhj. iiy of the Court of Session,

Muncy may be borrow rd )>y such Heir* on Heritable Security, under like Au*hoii»y of the Court.

The Whole of a Harm, Ar. which cannot h« eligibly divided m.iy be sold, and the Surplus disposed of by the Court; [as under $ 101, 102.]

Expence of such Sales, See. afeer-tain/'d by the Court, may fe

defrayed out of the I'uicliafc

Muncy, Sec.

Such Sales (halt be by public k. Auction, under Article of sale fctiler; by the Court: the i\ ice

fbalt he paid to; Trustee, and ty liim into the Bank, of England, &c.

Such Sale?, &c. fH.ill be a? valid iis if the Eftnte had been unentailed*

Remedy to the Mortgagee.

Timber may be «ut down and sold by Consent of Coin t of Chancery, &c. for Redemption of Land Tax, which Dull merge in the Lands, unless thuwife ordered. [ See^98 — 10 a.]

Expences.

Where the C011-fvltr.itiontor any Sale, &c. by Individuals, shall ru*i cM tediOool. die Dcedv&c. Hail not t»t liable to Sump Duiy.

Former Deed*, lie. valid, though not rt.tmpvd, fuAmi fee^ 81

107.173. j

"Powers to Cor-y >r cions, or

Ttuftecs lor. y»u'>litk Pur-t .« fell or

C. 116. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

in the usual Forms required by the Law of Scotland for making such Sale effectual, and whereby the Purchas fer shall be taken bound to pay the Price to a Trustee to be named by the Person or Persons in whose Name or for whose Behoof the said Sale or Sales is or are earned on, and which Trustee shall be approved of by the said Court, and shall find Security to their Satisfaction that the Sum or Sums of Money so to be paid to him by the said Purchaser or Purchasers shall be duly and faithfully applied in the Manner and for the Purposes herein enjoined and directed; and further, that the said Trustee, upon Receipt of the said Price or Prices, shall be forthwith bound to pay the said Money into the Bank of England, to be there placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Re Juction of the National Debt, to be by them applied in the Manner and for the Purposes directed and specified by this Act, and the Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank shall be a full and sufficient Discharge to the said Trustee, and to the said Purchaser or Purchasers, for the Sum or Sums of Money so agreed to be paid by him, her, or them in Manner aforesaid, and which Purchaser or Purchasers, upon Payment of the Sum or Sums by the said Trustee into the Bank of England as aforesaid, shall be entitled to demand and obtain from the said Heir of Entail, or other Person or Persons in whose Name, or at whose Intiance, or for whose Behoof the said Sale or Sales is or are carried on, such Disposition, Conveyance, or other Title to the Subjects so fold, containing all usual and necessary Clauses for rendering complete the >Right to the same in favour of the said Purchaser or Purchasers, under the Direction of the said Court.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Part of an entailed Estate in Scotland is fold for the Purposes of this Act, in the Manner herein-before directed, and where any Heritable Security is granted upon an entailed Estate, also in the Manner herein-before directed, such Sale and Heritable Security shall be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Estate, Part of which is so fold, of upon which the Heritable Security is granted, had been held by the Seller and Granter of the Heritable Security in Fee Simple, unfettered by any Entail; and the Person to whom such Heritable Security is granted, his Heirs, Executors, and Assignees, shall have and be entitled to use all the Powers, Remedies, and Means known in Law, to recover either the Interest due upon the Money lent, or the Principal Sum: Provided always, that it shall not be competent to adjudge all or any Part of the entailed Estate, cither for the Interest or Principal Sum of the Money so lent.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of raising Money to redeem the Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, subject to any Restriction in the Power of the Person or Persons entitled beneficially to the Rents and Profits thereof, to cut down Timber Handing thereon, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons, with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery in relation to Estates in Englandf and of the Court of Session in relation to Estates in Scotland, to cut down such Quantity of Timber as the said Courts respectively shalls upon Application made by Petition in a summary Way, direct, and to apply the Produce thereof, and the Surplus of such Produce (if any) under the Direction of such Courts respectively, in the same Manner as herein after is directed with resptdl to Monies produced by Sale of Estates for the Redemption of Land Tax; and the Land Tax which shall be so redeemed by the Monies arising from the Sale of any such Timber shall, when all the Instalments to be transferred or paid upon the Contract for the Redemption thereof shall be completed, fink and become merged in the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whereon the same was charged, for the Benefit of the Person or Persons for the Time being beneficially entitled thereto, unless such Courts respectively shall make any Order or Direction respecting the Manner in which the Income to be derived from the Redemption of any such Land Tax ought to be and shall be applied, during so long Time as the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, on which such Timber shall have been growing, shall be in the Possession of any Person or Persons having a limited Interest or limited Interests therein, which Order and Direction such Courts respectively are hereby authorized and empowered to make, haying regard to the State and Condition of the Timber, and to the Rights of all Persons interested in such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively: Prodded also, that it shall be lawful for such Courts respectively to order and direct that the Coils and Expences incurred in the surveying* valuing, and felling such Timber, or otherwise on account of tli* Sale thereof, shall be paid and satisfied out of the Purchase Monies for the same.

LXVIII. And be it further er.acted, That where the Monies to be oaid as the Consideration for any Saler Mortgage, or Grant to be made by virtue of this Aelby any Person or Persons (other than Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Tniflecs for charitable or other publick Purpose*) shall not exceed the Sum of one thousand Pounds, the Deed of Sale, Mortgage, or Grant, or the Imohr.ent thereof, and in Cases of of or Cuilomary Estates the Deed of Sale, or of Grant, or the Admittance to such of or Customary Estates, or any 6opy of the Entry upon the Court Rolls of such Deed of Sale, or Grant or Admittance, shall not be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever; and every Deed of Sale, or Mortgage, and every Surrender, Grant, and Admittance of or to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall have been sold by virtue of the said recited Acts, for a Consideration not exceeding one thousand Pounds, and all Copies of the Entiy upon the Court Rolls of any such Surrenders, Grants, or Admittances, shall be valid , and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatever, although no Stamp Duty shall have been paid for the same, and all Persons whomsoever shall be and are hereby indemnified and saved harmleis from and against any Penalties or Forfeitures which may have been incurred by reason of any such Surrenders, (hunts, or Admittances, or any Copies thereof as aforesaid, having been so made and granted, without any Stamp Duty hauug. been demanded or received for the same.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of redeeming any Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, belonging to any' Bodies. Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or any Feoffees or Trailers for charitable or other publick Purposes (whether such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be respectively situate in the fame, or in any other DiviiLun

or

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C.u6«

565

or Place in the same County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry, or in any other County, Priding, Shire, or Stewartry, and whether such Land Tax shall have been or shall be contracted for either before or on the said twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them, or at any Time thereafter, by virtue of this Act) it shall be lawful for all such Bodies Politick or Corporate, and Companies, and Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes (notwithstanding any private Statutes, Bye Laws, Ordinances, or Regulations, restraining them in that Behalf, ) but nevertheless under the Rc-strictions and Regulations herein after mentioned, absolutely to sell and dispose of, by publick Sale or private Contract, and, by Deed indented, and inrolled or registered in the Manner prescribed by this Act, to convey (cither at one Time for the Purpose of making good the Whole of the Consideraticm for the Redemption of any such Land Tax, or at various Times, for the Purpose of making good the respective Instalments thereof, as the same shall respectively become due, or any Number of Inilalments at once, as shall be moil expedient) any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whereof they shall be in the actual Possession, or entitled beneficially to the Rents or Profits, as shall be eligible and needTary (whether of Freehold or of or Cuilomary Tenure) or holden by them for any Term or Terms of Years (other than for any Term or Terms of Years at a Rack Rent), and whether the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so fold shall be charged or not charged with, or shall be exempt from the Payment of Land Tax, and if the same shall be charged with any Land Tax, then freed and discharged . from such Land Tax, or absolutely to sell and dispose of by publick Sale or private Contract, and in like Manner to convey, either at one Time, or at various Times as aforesaid, the Fee Simple and Inheritance of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, belonging to such Bodies Politick e»r Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, which shall have been or shall be granted or demised for any beneficial Lease of Leases, or by any Copy or Copies of Court Roll, or by any other Grant, according to the Custom of any Manor, for Life or Lives, or Years absolute, or Years determinable upon any Life or Lives, and also the Rents and Services and other Profits reserved or payable upon or in respect of fuel) Leafeliold or of Tenements or Hereditaments (subject to the fublitling Interests of the respective Lessees, Copyholders, or other Customary Tenants) whether such hill-mentioned Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be charged or not charged with, or shall be exempt from the Payment of X^and Tax, and although the Land Tax charged thereon may have been redeemed by the respective Lessees or Copyholders or Cuilomary Tenants thereof, or other Persons having Intereil therein, and if the same shall be charged with any Land Tax, then freed and discharged from such Land Tax; and it shall also be lawful for all such Bodies Politick or Corporate, and Companies, and Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, for the Purposes aforesaid, by Deed indented, and also inrolled or registered in the Manner herein prescribed, to convey or demise any Part or Parts of such Freehold, or of or Cuilomary, or Leasehold Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments herein-before mentioned, and whereof they shall be so in the actual Posstflion, or beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits as aforesaid, freed and discharged from Land Tax (in case any Land Tax shall be then charged thereon) to any Person or Persons by way of Mortgage^ either in Fee Simple, or for any Term or Terms of Years (where the same shall not be of of or Cuilomary Tenure) for securing inch Sum or Sums of Money as shall be sufficient to redeem the Land Tax which hath been or shall be so contracted for by such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies as aforesaid; or to grant any Rent Charge, to be issuing out of and chargeable upon any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, not exceeding the Amount of the Land Tax so contrafted for as aforesaid: Provided always, that no Sale. Mortgage, or Grant, of or out of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be made by any Inch Bodies Politick or Corporate, Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, by virtue of this Act, other than for the Purpose of redeeming Land Tax charged thereon In Cales where the lame shall be charged with any Land Tax) and also on any other Manors, Messuages, Land-, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall {land limited or subject to or for the same Uses, Trulls, Intents, or Purposes, or in the lame Order or Course of Limitation as the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which Audi be so fold, mortgaged, or charged as aforesaid, save and except as to such Variations as may necessarily be occasioned by the Difference in the Nature of the Tenure of Freehold and of Estates.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of redeeming any such Land Tax as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for all such Bodies Politick and Corporate, and Companies, and Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, by Deed indented, and inrolled or registered as aforesaid, to enfrauchife any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which are or shall be holden by Copy of Court Roll or other Cuilomary Tenure, of any Manor belonging to any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, whether such Manor be subject to any Lease or not; and also'to sell and dispose of any Heriots or Fee Farm Rents, Chief Rents, or Quit Rents, or other Emolument > or Advantages issuing or payable fmm or in respect of any Freehold or of or Cuilomary Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or incident thereto and accruing therefrom.

I.XXL And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons holding under anV Grant from the Crown, or under any Act of Parliament, any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments wherein his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, hath or shall have any Estate, Right, or Inter?It, in Remainder, Re-veiffon, or Expectancy, (other than Persons holding under the Crown, any Manors, MefRmgcs, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer, or the Duchy of Lancaster, or holding under the Duke of Cornwall, any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging to and Purct! of the Duchy of Cornwall9 by virtue of any Demise or Grant by Copy of Court Roll or other wise, for Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or for any Term of Years ab-Culute, or from Year to Year, or- during Pleasuro, ) have cootrafted or shall hereafter contract for the Redemption

mortgngeLandty or gram Rent Charges to redeem Land Tax, [Sescslo Individuals, ante § $19 &c.J

No such Salf> Icc. shall be made, but for redeeming the Land Tax on Lands fold. Icc*-

Corporal ions; ice. empowered to entranchife Copyholds, Icc. [See as to huti--victuals, §60.]

Possessfors of Lands granted' under the Crown, or any Act of Parliament, wherein his Majesty h nit any Ellnte («*-cept Tonal.; !w; Lite, Icc.) may fell or enfr m-rhife Land^ f-.

66

jrdeeming the Laud Tax

His Majesty may appoint Members of the Pi ivy Council to be Commissioners for regulating Sale* by Corporations, See. or Tenants of the Ctown, &c.

Two Commissioners may£L

[ See § I. J

Their Oath,

Such Commis-

fi Miei's may quiic information and receive Depositinns as to bales &c.

and employ l Secretary, &c.

Sales, Str. by Corporations, See. shall made under Direction of such Commissioners, two of whom Hull be mode Parties.

C. 116. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

tlon of the Land Tax charged on any of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenement!, or Hereditaments, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons (being in the actual Possession, or entitled beneficially to the Runs ami Profits of such Manors, Messuages, Lauds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, ) for the Purpose of raising Money to complete the Redemption of the Land Tax so contracted for (but nevtrtheless under the Restrictions and Regulations herein after mentioned, ) to sell and dispose of by publick S.tle or private Contract, and by Deed indented, and inrolled or registered, as herein is prescribed, to convey either at one Time or at various Times, as herein-before is mentioned, any of such Manors, Messuagef, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments*, whether the same shall be charged or not charged with Land Tax, and if charged with any Land Tax, then freed and discharged from such Land Tax; and it shall also be lawful for such Person or Persons, for such Purpose, and under such Restrictions and Regulations as aforesaid, to enfranchise any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which are or shall be holden by Copy of Court Roll or other Customary Tenure, of any such Manors so holden by such Person or Persons as aforesaid, and also to sell and dispose of any Heriots, Fee Farm Rents, Chief Rents, or Quit Rents, or other Emoluments or Advantages issuing or payable from or in respect of any Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or incident thereto or arising therefrom, any Thing herein contained to the contrary the eof notwithstanding: Provided always, that the Manors, Messuage^, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of which the Land Tax shall be so redeemed, shall stand and be limited to and for the same Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, as the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Heriots, Rents, Emoluments, or Advantages which shall be sold, or the Manors, of which any such of or Customary Estates shall be enfranchised, flood and were limited at the Time of such Sale or Enfranchisement.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to nominate and appoint any Person or Persons being a Member or Members of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, to be Commissioner or Commissioners for the Purposes of regulating, directing, approving, and confirming all such Sales, and Contracts for Sales, Enfranchisements, Mortgages, and Grants of Rent Charges, which shall be made by any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or any such Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, of or out of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging to such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, by virtue of this Act; and also for the Purpose of regulating, directing, approving, and confirming all such Sales or Enfranchisements which shall be made, or of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, wherein his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, have or shall have any Estate, Right, or Interest, in Remainder, Reversion, or Expedancy by any such Person or Persons holding under any Grant from the Crown or any Act of Parliament as aforesaid; and any two or more of the Commissioners already appointed* or hereafter to be appointed under the Great Seal for the Purposes aforesaid, may do any Ad, Matter, or Thing which by this Act all such Commissioners are authorized and empowered to do.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Commissioner hereafter to be appointed, as lad mentioned, before he shall enter upon the Execution of his Office, shall take an Oath to the Effect following; (that is to say)

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the bed of my Skill and«* Jadgment. execute the several Powers and Truds reposed in me, by an Act of the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled [here insert the Title of this Act\ according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Act.*So help me God.*

Which Oath shall and may be administered by any one of the Persons already appointed or hereafter to be appointed a Commissioner, to any others or other of them.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Statement made to the said Commissioners for the Time being, acting in the Execution of this Act by virtue of his Majesty's Letters Patent under the Great Seal, by any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or any Feoffees or Trudces for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons felling under their Authority or Direction as aforesaid, respecting any such intended Sales, Mortgages, or Grants, or the Value of the Estate or Estates proposed to be sold, shall not be satisfactory to the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for them to require such Information to be given them respecting any Matters or Things relating to any such Sales, Mortgages, or Grants, as they shall deem necessary, and to receive any Affidavits or Depositions in Writing, upon Oath or Affirmation made before any Commissioners, or Persons who are or shall be authorized to take Affidavits in cause3 depending in any of the Courts at Westminster, or before any Justice of the Peace, respecting any Matters or Things relating to any such intended Sales, Mortgages, or Grants.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said lad mentioned Commissioners shall and may from Time to Time employ a Secretary, and all such other Officers and Persons as may be necessary, and shall and may from Time to Time, at their Discretion, dismiss and difeliarge any Secretary, or other Offictrs and Persons already appointed or tarcaster to be appointed, and to appoint others in their place.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Sale, Enfranchisenxnt, Mortgage, or Grant of any Rent Charge which shall be made of or out of any Manors, Messuages, Lauds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by virtue of this Act, by any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or any Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or by any such Person or Persons holding under any Grant from the Crown, or under any Act of Parliament as aforesaid, shall be fomade by, with, ana under the Consent, Sandion, C011-troul, Direction, and Authority of the said lad mentioned Commissioners, and no further or other Consent, Authority, Approbation, or Confirmation whatever shall be required to enable any such Sales, Enfranchisements, Mortgages, or Grants as aforesaid: Provided always, that no such Sale, Mortgage, Enfranchisement, or Grant,

shall

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C.n

shall be valid and effectual unless two at lead of the said Commissioners shall certify their Confinf thereto and Approbation thereof, by signing and ftaling the Deed of Sale, Enfvanchisement, Mortgage, or Grant, as Partita thereto.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governors of the Charity for the Relief of the poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, with the Consent and under the Direction and Authority of the said last mentioned Commissioners, to sell and dispose of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, given to them by any Will, either generally for the Relief of such poor Widows or Children as aforesaid, or subject to any Qualifications or Reitii&ions as to the Mode of applying such Relief, in the Extent of the Allowance to be made to Individuals, and to apply the Money arising by such Sale or Sales for the Purpose of redeeming X.and Tax charged on any other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments vested in such Governors for the Purposes of their Charity.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where the Land Tax charged upon the Glebe Lands, Tythes, or other Profits of any Living or Livings in the Patronage of any College, Cathedral Church, Hall, or House of Learning, in either of the Universities of Oxford arid Cambridge, or in the Patronage of either of the Colleges of Eton or iCinchester, or of any TriiHec or Trustees for any such College, Cathedral Church, Hall, or House of Learning, or in the Patronage of any other Corporation Aggregate, shall have been, or shall be redeemed by or on the Behalf of any such College, Cathedral Church, Hall, or House of Learning, or by any such Corporation Aggregate, by virtue of any of the Provisions of the said recited Acts or of this Act, it shall be lawful for any such College, Cathedral Church, Hall, or House of Learning, or for any such Trullce or Trustees thereof respectively as aforesaid, or for any such Corporation Aggregate, to provide for such Redemption by Sale of any Lunds, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging to Inch Corporations respectively, or by the Grant of any Rent Charge which they could or might respectively lawfully make, for the Redemption of any Land Tax charged cn the Lands belonging to such Corporations, and the Land Tax so redeemed shall be forthwith extinguished; but every such College, Cathedral Church, Hall, or House of Learning respectively, or such Corporation Aggregate, shall nevertheless be entitled to an Annual Rent Charge issuing out of such Living, equivalent to the Amount of the Land Tax redeemed, unless it shall be declared in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body or Bodies having such Right of Patronage or Nomination at the Time of presenting or nominating any Clerk or Clerks to such Living or Livings, that such Rent Charge shall be suspended during his or their Incumbency or respective Incumbencies, which Declaration the Body or Bodies entitled to nominate to such Living or Livings shall from Time to Time be competent to make: Provided always, that such Sufpmfion shall be without Prejudice to the Right of the said Body or Bodies respectively, to recover such Rent Charge after the next or any Future Avoidance: Provided also, that any Declaration made by any such Body at the Time of redeeming the said Land Tax, shall be as available during the Incumbency of the then Rector, Vicar, or Curate, as if it Lad been made at the Time of his being preferred to such Living.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Ecclesiastical Rector shall, in Right of his Rectory, be entitled to the Patronage or Donation of or to any Vicarage or Perpetual Curacy, and there shall rot be any Glebe Land belonging to such Vicarage or Perpetual Curacy which shall be eligible or proper to be sold for the Purpose of redeeming the Land Tax charged on the Glebe Lands, Tythes, or other Profits thereof, and such Land Tax shall have been or shall be redeemed by such Ecclesiastical Rector, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Ecclesiastical Rector, whether lie shall be also Incumbent of the Vicarage or Perpetual Curacy, or not, to provide for the Redemption of such Land Tax by Sale of Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to such Rtdory, in the same Manner in all Relpeds as he could or might provide for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on the Glebe Lands, Tythes, or other Profits thereof, aikl the Land Tax so redeemed shall be forthwith extinguished; but whenever and so long as such Rectory, and Vicarage or Perpetual Curacy respectively, shall he held by different Incumbents, the Incumbent for the Time being of such Ecclesiastical Redorv shall be entitled to au Annual Rent Charge, issuing out of the Vicarage or Perpetual Curacy, equivalent to the Amount of the Land Tax charged thereon at the Time of such Redemption as aforesaid.

LXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Mines or Minerals, or Seams or Veins of Coal, Metals, or other Profits of the like Nature belonging to any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be sold by any Bifilop or other Ecclesiastical Corporation aforesaid, for the Purpose of redeeming any Land Tax, whether the same shall be opened or unopened, nor any Right, Title, or Claim to open or work the fame, nor any Advowson or Right of Patronage or Presentation to any Living or Ecclesiastical Benefice, or Right of Nomination to any Perpetual Curacy, shall pass by any Conveyance of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, either by express or general Words in such Conveyance, although such Advowson, Right of Patronage or Presentation, or Nomination, may he appendant or appurtenant to such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and such Mint's or Minerals, Seams or Veins of Coal, Metal, pr other Profits aforesaid, together with all proper and necessary Powers for opening and working the fame, and such Advowsons, Rights of Patronage or Presentation, or Nomination, shall be always absolutely excepted and reserved to such Bishops or other Ecclesiastical Corporations aforesaid, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were in such Conveyance cxyressly excepted and reserved.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Deed or Instrument whatever whereby any Sale, Enfranehife-ment, Mortgage, or Grant shall be made of or out of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, under the Authority of the said last mentioned Commissioners, by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever. [S*?

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, of or belonging to any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, which shall be sold by virtue of this Act, shall be, either exclusively or in common with other Manors, Messuages, Lunds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, subjcd to or charged

witu

s6 7

Governors of Charity for Clergymen's Widows, Sec. empowered to ftII Lands, with Confmt of such Cotnmitiiunqre.

Colleges, Sec. may redeem Land Tax on Living? belonging to them, by Sale, &c. of any of thei; bands; and shall be entitled to an equivalent Rent Charge out of the Living, unit fs they declare other* ife at the Time o! Prefertll-ation, &c.

Ecclesiastical Re&oi s may , 0 deem Land Tax on Vicarages, Sec. by Sale of Part of the Regional Glebe: and the Incum* bent of the Rectory shall be emitted to ah equivalent Kent Charge out of the Vicarage.

Mines, Sec. shall not p«if> l-y Convey.mceo! Land so'd; nor Advowsons, Stc. though appendant to the Land.

All Deeds Sec. on such Sales exempted Irorn 5tamp Duty.

to8. 10-. r7 3. J Where Lauds of Corjx rations. Sec. shall be sold, which are subject to any Charge, such Commit-

S68

fioncri (Kail*direct bow the same shall lx: paid in future.

So where Part of Lands usually demifedugc-tiici-by Corporations, See are liable to an ancient Rent.

Commissioners Dull adjust all Questions between Corporations, See. and their Leflecs, a? to Enfrancliife-rnent of Lands.

Where the Reversion of Lands holden under Corporation*, &c. by Lease foi Lives, &c. shall be puvehaf-ed by the Persons beneficially cn* tith'd to the^Profits, but not having the absolute Interest, who shall be bound to renew at their own Charge, the Interests under the Leafo> and the Reversion shall, under the Dire«ffions of the said Commissioners be c hargeable with the Money advanced and Interest, and settled as herein directed.

Wh*re the im-hk d; ue Eftaics are cmrgeti with Inch Payment the Persons envied to the Rents

C. 116. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

with any yearly Sum or Sums, Stipend or Stipends, or other Profit or Emolument, to or for the Use of any' Rector, Vicar, Curate, or other Person or Persons, it shall be lawful for the said Itll-mentioned Commissioners to direct how and in what Manner and Proportions and out of what Part or Parts of the Manors, Messuages, Lands Tenements, or Hereditaments, originally liable thereto, such Hum or Sums, Stipend or Stipends, or other Profits or Emoluments as aforesaid, or any specilick Part or Parts thereof, shall respectively be paid or borne in future; and in every such Case and from thenceforth, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or such specifick Part or Parts thereof, by or out of which the same shall be so directed to be paid or borne, shall be exclusively subject thereto, and to such Powers and Remedies for the Recovery thereof, as the Law' has provided for the Recovery of Rent reserved on Leases.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That where Part only of divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tcne- ments, or Hereditaments which may have been usually demised together by any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, by one Lease upon which an entire ancient and accustomed Rent or Rents hath or have been reserved or made payable, shall be sold for any of the Purposes of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said last mentioned Commissioners to apportion such ancient Rent or Rents, and to settle and adjall the Proportion thereof, which shall from thenceforth be paid or payable in respect of such of the Manors and other Hereditaments comprized in the said Lease, which shall not be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, or to settle out of what Part or Parts of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments liable thereto, the Whole of such Rent or Rents (if the Nature of the Reservation will not admit of Apportionment) shall be reserved or paid in future; and in all Leases which shall thereafter be granted of such last mentioned Manors and other Hereditaments, the Sum, or other Article or Thing which shall have been so settled and apportioned, shall be the ilcut to be reserved thereon) any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That Where' any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other .publick Purposes, shall enfranchise any of or Customary Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which are or shall be holden of any Manor belonging to them which shall be under Lease, it shall be lawful for the said last mentioned Commissioners to settle and adjust «dl Oueftions that may arise between any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, and Companies, and Feoffees or Traf fees for charitable and other publick Purposes, enfranchising as last mentioned, and his or their Lessee or Lessees, or any Crjttuque Tru ft of such Lessee or Lessees, touching or concerning any such Enfranchtftment, and to order and diretft a Recompence to be reserved out of the Purchase Money to such Lessee or Lessees, and such Person or Person9, if any, as shall or may be interested or entitled as Ccjluique Truffs or otherwise under such Lessee or Lessees, for atly Loss or Injury that may occur to him, her, or them, by any such Enfranchisement as aforesaid.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That where the Reversion of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments holden under any Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, or any Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, by virtue of any Lease for one or more Life or Lives, or for Years absolute or determinable on the dropping of one or more Life or Lives, or by Copy of Court Roll or Customary Tenure for Life or Lives, shall be purchased under the Powers of this Act, by or-with the proper Monies of the Person or Persons for the Time being beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits thereof, and where such Lease or Leases shall be subject to any Will or Settlement, fothat such Person or Persons shall not, at the Time of purchasing the said Reversion thereof, be entitled to the absolute Intercil under such Lease or Leases, and such Person or Persons shall be bound by any Covenant, Engagement, or Condition, to renew the Lease at the accustomed Periods, with his, her, or their own Monies, or with or out of the Rents and Profits of the Estate, then and in every such Case the immediate Estates and Interests under such subsisting Lease or Leases, &3 well as the Reversion expedlant thereon, shall, Under the Direction of the said last mentioned Commissioners, be charged with and made subject to the Repayment of the Principal Money advanced for the Purchase of such Reversion, with lawful Interest, to or for the Benefit of the Person or Persons advancing the fame, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns \ but if the Person or Persons so for the Time being beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Estates comprized in such subsisting Lease or Leafts as aforesaid, shall not be liable to any Covenant, Engagement, or Condition, to renew the Lease at the accustomed Periods with his or her own Monies, or with or out of the Rents and Profits of the Estate, then and in such Case the Reversion only expedlant on the subsisting Lease or Leases, shall under such Direction as aforesaid, be charged and made subject, for the Benefit of such Person or Persons, with the Payment of the Principal Money advanced for the Purchase thereof, together with lawful Interest, to accumulate from the Time of such Pur-ahafe till the Expiration of the subsisting Lease, after deducting out of such Interest the annual Rent (if any) which shall be payable during the Lease, and which shall have been purchased with the Reversion, unless the Person or Persons advancing such Money shall be desirous that the fame, together with the Interest, may be made a Charge on the subsisting Lease of Leases, in which Case the immediate Estates and Interests under the fame, as well as the Reversion expectant thereon, shall be charged and made subject to the Payment of such Principal Money and Interest, in like Manner as if such Person or Persons had been bound to renew' the Lease; and subject to such Charges so to be made respectively as aforesaid, the Fee Simple of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, shall be settled, under the like Direction, for the Benefit of the Person or Persons so purchasing the fame, and of such other Persons as would have been entitled under such Will or Settlement to the Benefit of any renewed Lease or Leases for the Time being, and so as to be enjoyed by them for such respective Estates and Interests, as considering the Alteration of the Tenure, shall appear to the said Commissioners most c^rrespondent with the Intention of such Will or Settlement: Provided always, that where the immediate Estates or Interests under any such Lease or Leases, shall be charged writh and made subject to the Payment of the Principal Money advanced for the Purchase of the Ileversion, the Persons sue-

3 celfively

A.D. 1802. 42 GEORGII III. C. 116.

ceffively entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments comprized in the subsisting Lease or Leases respectively, shall be made chargeable with the Intereil accruing during his or her Estate therein; and that no greater Arrear than for one Year shall be recoverable, against any Person who shall become entitled in Remainder, for Interest accrued during the Estate or Term of any Person or Persons entitled to any preceding Estate or Interest in the Premises: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to direct an Application to be made to the Court of Chancery in a summary Way, for obtaining Direction as to the Mode of settling any Rich Reverfiun, or the Equity of Redemption thereof, where the Case shall appear to them to be attended with Difficulty.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, by and under the Direction and Authority of the said last mentioned Commissioners, to contract and agree with their respective Leflecs and Tenants holding under any Demise by Copy of Court Roll or otherwise, who shall, under the Powers contained in the said recited Acts, or any of them, or of this Act, have redeemed the Land Tax charged on the Manors, or other Hereditaments comprized in such Demises respectively, for an Assignment to such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, of the Land Tax which shall have been so redeemed by their respective Lessees or Tenants; and for the Purpose of completing the Purchase of such Assignment, it shall be lawful to carry into Execution all and every or any of the Powers which, under and by virtue of this Act, are or shall be vested in them for raising Money by Sale of any Manors or other Hereditaments for the Purpose of redeeming any Land Tax in the lirfl Inllance: Provided always, that if any Monies shall be then remaining in the Bank of England, or any Stock shall be then inverted in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, which shall have arisen from any Sale or Sales before made by any such Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, contracting for the Purchase of such Assignment, and which shall not have been applied to the Redemption of any Land Tax, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners under the Great Seal, or any two or more of them, to order and direct that the Consideration agreed to be paid or transferred for such Purchase, shall be paid or transferred out of such Monies or Stock respectively; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and such Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt respectively, are hereby authorized and required, upon a Certificate of such Order, signed by any two or more of the said Commissioners under the Great Seal, to pay or transfer to the Person or Persons assigning such Land Tax, the Money or Stock specified in such Certificate; and the Receipt or Receipts of such Person or Persons shall be a sufficient Discharge for such Money or Stock.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging to any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, shall be sold to raise Money for the Redemption of Land Tax, and it shall afterwards appear that the Money arising from such Sale or Sales shall not be sufficient to redeem the Whole of the Land Tax charged on the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging to such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, and such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, shall be willing and desirous to pay into the Bank such further Sum or Sums as may be necessary to make up the Whole of the Money requisite to redeem such Land Tax; then it shall be lawful for the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, and they are hereby required, to give a Receipt or Receipts for all such Sum or Sums as may be offered to be paid to them, to make up such Deficiencies, and to apply such Monies for the Purpose of completing such Redemption.

LXXXVIII. And be it further €uiacted, That where the Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging to any Bishop or other Ecclesiastical Corporation, shall have been or shall be redeemed by such Bishop or Ecclesiastical Corporation, with any Monies which shall have been or shall be raised for that Purpose, by virtue of any of the Powers or Provisions of the said recited A<5ls or of this A cl, such Land Tax shall be considered as yearly Rent, payable to such Bishop or other Ecclesiastical Corporation, his and their Slice-(Tors, over and above the reserved Rent (if any), during the Demise existing at the Time of such Sale, and shall be recovered and paid as such; and the Land Tax so redeemed shall, in all Future Demises of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be added to the ancient and accustomed yearly Rent reserved or made payable during the Terms granted by such Demises, and shall be reserved and made payable as such accustomed yearly Rent during the Terms to be granted as aforesaid, and shall be recovered and recoverable as such accustomed Rent, by the' like Remedies as Inch Bishops or other Ecclesiastical Corporations may use for the Recovery of the ancient and accustomed Rent reserved upon such Demises; and where such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be demised to any t Under Lessee, who shall be bound by any Covenant or Agreement to pay the Land Tax charged thereon, then &nd in such Case the Amount of such Land Tax shall be considered as Rent reftrved or made payable on such last mentioned Demise; and the same Powers fhidl be had, used, or enjoyed, for the Recovery thereof, as for the Recovery of such Rent when in Arrear.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Land Tax chargeable on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which arc or shall be holden by Copy of Court Roll or other Cullornury Tenure, of any Manor or Manors belonging to any Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, or any Feoffas or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes as aforesaid, by virtue of any Lease or Leases, shall have been or fl ail be redeemed by any such Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, under the Powers contained in any of the Lid recited Acts or this Act, the Amount of the Land Tax so redeemed or purchased, shall be conlidtred as Kent reserved to such Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, or such FcoiTecs 01 Trustees for charitable or other publick Purport s as - 42 Geo. III. 4 D afore-

56 9

shall te chargeable with latere ft.

[Stcalfo §115.] Commissioners may apply to Chaacei y.

Corporations, &c. may purchase of their LeflVes, &c. Land Tax redeemed by them, and may fell Lands for llm Purpose, as in the first Instance; or if Money, $cc. shall be in the Bank, &c. from Sales previously made, it may ho applied in such Purchase.

Where Money from Sale of Lands belonging to Corporations, &c. ihaJl be in-furticient to redeem the whole Land Tax, Bank may receive the Deficiency from them.

Land Tax redeemed by Bishops, &c. shall beconfi-dered as sm additional yearly Rent on11 Demise i:

as shall nlf# Land Tax redeemed by Ci r-por.il.ons. Scc. oa Copy h»'id Lands )(l on Lc.ife.

[.S'fV ( 1 1 S. a* t't Ltuf, , 'ivUiSf <SV,]

C. n6

570

In all Cases the Whole of Unds usually occupied together may be sold \rhcrc they cannot be divided without Loss. f Is to Diffio/al of t'v' Surplus, J>e 5 too.J

Where Individuals or Corporations have redeemed Land Tax by Advance of Money, Sec, or com raded for Alignment, See they may raise Money as they might have done in the first In- fiance,

o{/b§ 166,]

Where any Allowance shall be made out of any Ft e Farm or ether Rents in respect of the Land Tax, they may be sold, subject to such Allowance*

42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

aforesaid, out of such of or Customary Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and be payable on the same Days as such Land Tax was payable before the Redemption thereof; and the same Powers shall be had, used, and enjoyed for the Recovery thereof, as for the Recovery of Rent in Arrear.

XC. And be it further euaded, That if any Farm and Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments usually occupied together, shall be proposed to be sold under the Provisions of this Act, which shall be more than sufficient for the Purpose of redeeming the Land Tax; and in case it shall appear, to the Satisfaction of the respective Commissioners under whose Authority such Sale is to be made, that such Farm and Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments cannot be divided, in order that an adequate Part thereof may be sold, without Loss to the Parties interested, and (in Cases of Sales by any Person or Persons other than Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees, or Tmftces for charitable or other publick Purposes, ) if the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the first or next beneficial Estate in Remainder, Reversion, or Expcdancy, being of full Age, shall consent and agree to the Sale of the Whole of such Farm and Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so proposed to be sold, on the Terms and under the Restrictions herein mentioned, it shall be lawful in such Case for such respective Commissioners to direct and authorize the Sale of the Whole of such Farm and Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Manner directed by this Act.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That where any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or any Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons, shall have redeemed or shall redeem their, his, or her Land Tax, by or out of their, his, or her own Personal Estate, or by or out of any Trust Property applicable to such Redemption, by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, or by any other Means than by Sale, Mortgage, or Grant made or to be made under the Provisions of the said recited Acts or of this Act, ana selfo where any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons, shall be entitled, under any of the Provisions of the said recited Acts, to demand an Alignment of any Land Tax upon the Determination of any precedent Estate (in Cases of Contracts already entered into by virtue of the said Acts, wherein an Option shall have been declared as therein is mentioned}, or shall agree under the Provisions of this Act with the Executors or Administrators of any Person dying before the Transfer or Payment of all the Instalments to be transferred or paid upon any Contract entered into by him or her, to take an Assignment of such Contract for the Purpose of completing the fame, it shall be lawful for all and every such Bodies Politick and Corporate, and Companies, and Feoffees or Trustees for charitable and other publick Purposes, and other Person or Persons, either for the Purpose of reimbursing all Stock (in Cases where the original Consideration for the Redemption of any such Land Tax shall have been in Stock), and for reimbursing all Sums of Money (in Cases where the original Consideration for such Redemption shall have been in Money), which shall respectively have been before transferred, laid out, or applied in the Redemption of such Land Tax, or for the Purpose of raising Money to purchase any such Assignment of Land Tax, or for the Purpose of raising Money as well to purchase the Assignment of any Contract not completed, as to complete the Instalments remaining due thereon as aforesaid, to carry into Execution all and every or any of the Powers by this Act given, in order to raise Money by Sale, Mortgage, or Grant, for the Redemption of Land Tax, in such and the same Manner, and under and subject to such and the same Rules, Restrictions, and Regulations in all Respeds, as such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons, would have been authorized by this Act to carry into Execution the same Powers for the Purpose of redeeming any Land Tax in the first Instance; and where any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons, shall have redeemed or shall redeem any such Land Tax, by and out of any Monies which shall have arisen or been produced, or shall arise and be produced, by any Mortgage or Grant which shall have been or shall be made by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, it shall also be lawful, for the Purpose of paying off any Sums borrowed on that Account, to carry into Execution all and every or any of the Powers by this Act given, in order to raise Money by Sale for the Redemption of Land Tax, in such and the same Manner, and under and subject to such and the same Rules, Restrictions, and Regulations in all Respects, as such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons, would have been authorized by this Act to carry into Execution the same Powers for the Purpose of redeeming any Land Tax in the first Instance.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That where any Deduction or Allowance shall have been, or shall be made or allowed out of any Fee Farm or other Rents or Annuities issuing or payable out of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to or for the Benefit of any Bodies Politick or Coroorate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons, in respect of the Land Tax charged or which shall have been charged on such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, it shall be lawful for such Bodies Pcditick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons to fell such Fee Farm or other Rents or Annuities, for the Purposes, and according to the Provisions and under the Restrictions of this Act, subject to such Deduction or Allowance, and whether the Land Tax charged on the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments out of which tl>e same shall be issuing or payable, shall have been or shall be redeemed at the Time of such Sale or not, and although the Purchase Monies for the same shall, in the Judgement of the refoedive Commissioners authorizing and approving of or consenting to such Sale, be sufficient to redeem so much Land Tax only as shall be equal to the Amount of the dear Fee Farm or other Rent or Annuity, after making such Deduction or Allowance as aforesaid; and every such Fee Farm or other Rent or Annuity shall thenceforth be freed and exonerated from Land Tax, and all future Assessments thereof, and also from all Deductions or Allowances thereout in respect of Land Tax, other than and except such Deduction or Allowance as shall have been made or allowed at the Time of such Sale.

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 116.

57*

the Fee Simple of Lands in L rjfe, or Copy-hold Lands,

shall he given to the Person beneficially inlercffed.h3 shall have a certain Piivi-lege at' Preemption, at shall one Coparcener, on the Refusal of the others; if the Price offered be not accepted, the Land* shall

till after furthet Notice. The Privilege of Pie-emption may be waived.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That where the Fee Simple and Inheritance of any Manors, Meflu- Notice of the age, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Bolden under any beneficial Lease or Lease., or by Copy of Intemion to fell Court Roll, as herein-before is mentioned, shall be proposed to be sold by virtue of this Act, two Calendar Months Notice of such intended Sale shall be given by the Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, or other Person or Persons proposing to sell the same, to the Person or Persons, for the 'Time being, beneficially interested therein, under the fubfilling Lease or Leases, or Copy or Copies of Court Roll thereof, or to his, her, or their Committee or Committees in Cases of Lunacy, or Guardian or Guardians in Cases of Infancy, or in any other Cases of Incapacity to the Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons having Authority to act for such Person or Persons incapable of acting for themselves; during which Period of two Months the Person and Persons so beneficially interested, or his, her, or their Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons, having Authority to act for him, her, or them, on his, her, or their Behalf, shall be entitled to contract for the Purchase thereof, in Preference to any other Person or Persons; and any one Coparcener, or Joint Tenant or Tenant in Common, beneficially interested as aforesaid, shall have the like Privilege of Pre-emption, in respect of the Whole of the Estate comprized in any such Lease or Grant, by Copy of Court Roll, on the Refusal of any other Coparcener,

Joint Tenant or Tenant in Common, to contract for the Purchase of their respective Shares; and such Manors,

Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall not be sold to any other Person or Persons till after^.

the Expiration of such Notice, unkfs the Person or Persons having the Privilege of Pre-emption on Behalf of not be sold at a themselves or others, shall, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, waive the fame, in which Case reduced 4*«ice such Fee Simple and Inheritance may be sold to any other Person or Persons at any Time before the Expiration of such Notice: Provided always, that when any Price shall have been offered for the Purchase of any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by any Person or Persons having such Privilege of Pre-emption as aforesaid, which shall not be accepted by the Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, or other Person or Persons proposing to sell the same, such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall not at any Time afterwards be sold to any other Person or Persons for a less Price that) the Price so offered by the Person or Persons having such Privilege of Pre-emption as aforesaid, till after the Expiration of two Calendar Months further Notice given to such last mentioned Person or Persons, of the Sale proposed to be made at such reduced Price (and which further Notice is hereby required to be given in every such Case), during which further Period such Person or Persons shall have the like Privilege of Preemption as aforesaid, of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at such reduced Price: Provided also, that if such Person or Persons shall waive such Privilege of Pre-emption in Manner aforesaid, such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments may be sold to any other Person or Persons at such reduced Price, at any Time before the Expiration of such Period: Provided also, that every such Notice to any Committee of any Lunatick, or any Guardian of any Infant, or any other Person having Authority to act for any incapacitated Person, shall be as valid and effectual to enable the Sale of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to any Person or Persons not having any Interest in the fubfilling Lease or Grant thereof, after the Expiration of such Notice (or sooner in case of the Waiver of the Privilege of Pre-emption by any such Committee, Guardian, or other Person or Persons having Authority to act as aforesaid), as if such Notice or Waiver had been given or made to or by any Person or Persons of Capacity by Law to act for themselves.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That no Sale or Mortgage of any of or Customary Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by virtue of this Act, shall extend or be construed to extend in any wise to prejudice or affect the Right of any Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of any Manor of which the same may he holden, to such Fine or Fines as shall have been usual and accustomed, and of Right ought to be yielded and paid to such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, upon any Alienation of and Admittance to such of or Customary Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, nor to authorize any Purchaser or Mortgagee of any such of or Customary Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to enter and take any Rents or Profits thereof by virtue of this Act, until such Fine or Fines shall have been duly paid: Provided always, that upon the Production of the Deed of Sale or Mortgage, and upon the Payment or Tender of such Fine or Fines as aforesaid, the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, for the Time being, of any such Manor, shall, at the next or some subsequent Court to be holden for such Manor, upon Requeil of the Ptirchafer or Mortgagee of any such of or Customary Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, not only grant the same to him, her, or them, by Copy of Court Roll, for such Estate or Interelb a3 shall be sold or conveyed, referring the usual and accustomed Rents, Customs, and Services, hut shall also at the same Court admit him, her, or them. Tenant or Tenants of the same of or Customary Lands or Tenements, as other Copyholders of the same Manors have been wont to be admitted, and to receive hi-, her, or their Fealty accordingly.

XCV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no other or greater Quantity of any Estate (except in the Case herein-before mentioned), shall be sold by virtue of this Act, than what shall appear to the respective Commissioners under whole Authority the Sale shall be made, eligible and necessary i > be sold for the Purpose3 thereof; and no more Money shall be raised by any such Sale, or by any Mortgage or Grant of any Rent Charge to be made by virtue of the Powers and Provisions of this Act, than what shall appear to such respective Commissioners sufficient for the Purpose of redeeming the I.and Tax proposed to be redeemed, and also for the Purpose of paying and satisfying the Colts and Expences which the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons making any such Sale, Mortgage, or Grant, shall incur on account thereof; and it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners under whole Authority any such Sale*, Mortgage, or Grant shall be made, and also for any Courts, where the Authority of such Courts is requisite to such Sale, Mortgage, or Grant, to order and.direct that such Costs and Expences shall, in the first In (lance, be paid and satisfied out of the Monies to arise therefrom, or that so much thereof as they shall deem sufficient shall be referred for that Pur-

Sale or Mbit* gage of Copy-hold Lands, Sec. shall not affcA the Right of Lords of Manors to Finest fcc.

Xo more of-s-i Ftfate (except under^90.) shall ! e fold, nor more Morey raised than Commissionei shall tlrnk rt'-ci-ssary for redeeming I.ii.fJ Tax, r.nrt yr)*ing Lxprn

4 D 2

pole

5T2

C. 116.

No Lands shall be sold, or charged, if the Perform next bencti-ci.illy entitled shall, within a Month after Notice of intended Sale, Sec. aj.rec to redeem thp Land Tax; which he may tlrcn do as a Perform in Re-fjuhider. [ 6' \*

123.125.]

Notice not requisite in certain Cases.

On proposed Sales of Estates in England, Revel sioners aggrieved may apply to Chancery, who may give Relief.

Money arising* from Sale, See. shall be paid (except otherwise di reded.

§ 95- 9r*

1104.] into the Bank to the Account of the Commissioners for the 'National Debt, and in-vclted in 3 per Cents, and on the Cashier's Receipt the LandTaxfhafi be redeemed, Sec. as if Stock had been transferred by the Parties. [One $ 117.]

Corporations Sec. may agree with the Pji-, thaftrs of Lands that the Conti deration shall be in the 7 per Cents in-head of Money, At.

42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

pose; and the Order or Direction of such respective Commissioners or of such Courts respectively shall be a iuffic.ient Discharge for so much of the said Monies as shall be paid by any Purchasers, Mortgagees, or Grantees in pursuance thereof.

XCVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be sold, mortgaged, or charged by virtue of this Act, if the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons who shall be beneficially entitled to the first or next beneficial Estate in Remainder, Reversion, or Expedancy therein (if any such shall be), or the Guardian or Guardians of any such Person or Persons in Cases of Infancy, or Committee or Committees of his, her, or their Estates in Cafe9 of Lunacy, shall, within one Calendar Month after Notice in Writing shall be given to him, her, or them, by the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons desirous of making such Sale, Mortgage, or Grant (which Notice they are hereby required to give in every such Case), propose and agree to redeem the Land Tax, for the Redemption of which such Sale, Mortgage, or Charge, was proposed to be made; and which Land Tax any such Guardians or Committees are hereby authorized and empowered to redeem, out of any Monies or Personal Property belonging to any Infants or Lunaticks, for whom they shall be Guardians or Committees respectively; and in every such Case the Contract for the Redemption of such Land Tax shall be made in the Name of, or be assigned to the Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, or other Person or Persons so beneficially entitled in Remainder, Reversion, or Expedancy as aforesaid, who shall be bound to complete the same, and have and enjoy all Benefits and Advantages arising therefrom, as other Persons in Remainder or Reversion redeeming any Land Tax, are by this Act entitled to have and enjoy; Provided always, that no such Notice as lall aforesaid shall be required to enable any Sale, Mortgage, or Grant, by virtue of this Act, in Cases where the Persons deiirous of making such Sale, Mortgage, or Grant, shall be the Guardian or Committee, or the Husband of the Person or Persons beneficially entitled to the first or next beneficial Estate in Remainder as aforesaid.

XCVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, or other Person or Persons interested in Remainder, Reversion, or Expedancy, in any Estate in England, of which any Part shall be proposed to be so fold or mortgaged by virtue of this Act, or for the Guardians, Committees, or Trustees of any such Person or Persons who shall be aggrieved by such intended Sale or Mortgage, or conceive themselves so to be, at any Time before such Estate shall have actually been conveyed by Way of Sale or Mortgage, to present a Petition to the High Court of Chancery, which Court shall have Power, in a summary Way, to make such Order respecting the Suspenlioo of or Proceeding in such Sale or Mortgage, or for the Sale or Mortgage of any other Part of the Estate in question, as well as for the Payment of any Cods occasioned by such Petition, as such Court shall think fit.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money to arise by virtue of any* Sale, Mortgage, or Grant, to be made in pursuance of this Act (except such Part thereof, if any, which (had have been reserved under the Order and Direction of the respective Commissioners authorizing the Sale, Mortgage, or Grant, for the Purpose of paying Costs and Expences incurred therein, and except in Cases where the Payment thereof is otherwise authorized or directed by this Act), shall be paid by the respective Purchasers, Mortgagees, or Grantees, into the Bank of England; and thereupon the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby required to place the same to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, under the Title of An Account of the Sale of the Land Tax, who shall keep didind Accounts thereof, and cause the same to be forthwith inveded in the Purchase of three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, in their Names, according to the Directions of this Act, whether the Contract or Contracts for the Redemption of the Land Tax to be redeemed therewith, or the Deed of Sale, Mortgage, or Grant, shall have been completed or not; and the Cashiers of the Bank are hereby required from Time to Time to receive all such Monies when tendered at the Bank; and the Receipt of such Cashiers, or any one of them, shall be a full and sufficient Discharge to the several Purchasers, Mortgagees, or Grantees paying in such Monies as aforesaid; and the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons whose Land Tax shall have been or shall be redeemed therewith, shall, upon the Production of the Certificate of the Contract or Contracts for the Redemption of such Land Tax, be entitled to have and receive the same Certificates and Discharges, and their, his, or her Estate shall be exonerated and discharged from such Land Tax, in the same Manner in all Respects as if the Quantity of three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Monies had been actually transferred by them, him, or her, to the said Commissioners, as the Confiscation for the Redemption of such Land Tax.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be sold by virtue of this Act for the Purpose of redeeming any Land Tax, it shall be lawful for the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons making such Sale (with the Consent and Approbation of the respective Comrr.ifi-sioners under whose Authority the same shall be made), to agree with the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, that the Consideration for the Purchase of the same shall be in the three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or in the three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, to be transferred by such Purchaser or Purchasers to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in lieu of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid into the Bank of England in the Manner herein-before directed; and the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National debt are hereby required to accept and receive the Transfer of such three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities; and the Certificate of any* of the Cashiers of the Bank of England, acknowledging such Transfer, shall be as effectual a Discharge to the respective Purchasers transferring such Stock, as if the Consideration for such Purchase had been in lawful Money of Great Britain, and paid into the Bank of England in Manner herein-before directed; and the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other miblick Purposes, or other Person or Persons, whole Land Tax shall have been redeemed therewith, shall be entitled to the same Certificates and Discharges, and their, his, or her Estate shall be exonerated and discharged from such Land

1 Tax

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 116.

T : \, in the same Manner in all Respcfts os if such Bank Annti'ties had been actually transferred by them, him* or her, as the Consideration for the Redemption of such Land Tax.

C. And be it further enacted, That whenever by reason of any Fluctuation in the Price of the said Bank Annuities, or that the precise Quantity of Estate necessary to be sold for the Phiposes aforesaid, cannot be set apart to be sold, or by reason of the Whole of any Farm and Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments being fold under the Authority of this Act, there shall be any Surplus of Stock transferred as the Consideration for or purchased with the Money arising by any Sale, Mortgage, or Grant to be made by virtue thereof, after re-fervisig so much of such Stock as shall be agreed to be transferred as the Consideration for the Land Tax redeemed, the said Surplus Stock shall, where such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fold, mortgaged, or charged, are situated in England, be placed in the Books of the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to the Intent that the lame may be applied in the Manner herein after mentioned; (that is to lay), to the Intent that such Surplus Stock may at a convenient Time be sold, and the Money arising therefrom applied, under t^e Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court (to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way), in the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or Parts thereof, affecting the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tcne-ments, or Hereditaments, the Land Tax charged whereon shall have been so redeemed, or where the same shall not he so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation, in the Purchase of other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be To fold, mortgaged, or charged as aforesaid. Hood settled and limited, or such of them as, at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be exilling undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time the Dividends and annual Produce of such Surplus Stock shall from Time to Time go and belong to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Protits of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in case such lad mentioned Purchase and Settlement were made.

Cl. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so fold, mortgaged, or charged, are situated in Scotland, such Surplus Stock may be sold, and the Money arising therefrom be paid into or placed in one or other of the two publick Banks of Scotland, with the previous Authority of the Court of Session; the Judges of which Court are hereby empowered and required, upon summary Petition to be presented to them by or on the Behalf of the Proprietor or Heir in Possession for the Time being, to direct and order that the said Surplus Money or Balance shall be laid out and employed, as soon as conveniently may be, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, either in the Payment of Debts affecting the said intended entailed Estate, or in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which respectively shall be limited and settled to the same Persons and Uses, and under the same Clauses and Conditions, as the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so fold, mortgaged, or charged as aforesaid, ilood settled and limited; and in the mean Time, till the said Surplus Money or Balance shall be so employed, to order and direct the Money to be laid out upon such Security as to the Court shall seem proper, upon interest; and to direct such Clauses to be inserted in the Bond or other Security to be taken for the Money, as shall be effectual to secure the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Manors, Messuages, Land., Tenements, and Hereditaments, in case such Sale, Mortgage, or Grant, had not been made, and the succeeding Heirs of Entail who shall successively come to the Possession of the same, the Enjoyment of the Interest of the said Money, and to preserve the Capital until the Money shall be employed as aforesaid.

C1l. Provided always, and be it further < I, That if any such Surplus as aforesaid shall not exceed the Amount of two hundred Pounds Principal Stock, the same shall be transferred to a Trullee to be named by the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons redeeming such Land Tax, in order that the same may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery or Court of Session as aforesaid.

CIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where pny Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be sold or charged for the Purpose of redeeming any Land Tax, the Consideration for the Redemption whereof shall in the Contrail be stipulated to be paid in Money, and the Monies to be produced by any such Sale, Mortgage, or Grant, shall not exceed five hundred Pounds, then and in such Calc it shall be lawful for the respective Purchasers or Mortgagees of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or the respective Grantees of any Rent Charge thereout, to pay their respective Purchase or Mortgage Monies to the Receiver General for the County or Riding, or the Collector for the Shire or Stewartry, where the same Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be situate, whose Receipts shall be as effectual in all Rtfpedls to discharge such respective Purchasers, Mortgagees, or Grantees, as the Receipt of the Cashier of the Bank of England would have been in case such Monies had been paid into the Bank; and the respective Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons whose Land Tax shall have been redeemed therewith, shall be entitled to have and receive the same Discharges, and their respective Estates shall be exonerated and discharged from such Land Tax in the same Manner, in all Reipeels, as if such Money had been actually paid by them; and in case there shall be any Surplus of such Monies, after reserving the Consideration for such Land Tax, the same shall be paid to a Trullee or Trustees, to be named by the Bodies Politick or Corpoxate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons redeeming such Lard Tax, in order that the same may be applied in the Manner directed by this Act respecting Surplus Stock, where the same shall not exceed two hundred Pounds Stock*

573

Surplus of ?lock (if any) after Iran'tlrring sufficie io redeem the Land Tax, from Lands ia England shall be inverted in the Hank in the Name of the Accountant General, and applied by Order of Chancery for the Benefit of Parties entitled to the Lands,

In Scotland fucTr Surplus Stock shall be sold and the Produce placed in one of the publick Banks, and applied in like Manner, by Authority of the Cou: t of SeiSon.

So; phi' not exceeding 2 col. Stock, shall be tunstened to a Truliee, without Application to the Courts.

Where Lands

are fold or ate charged for not more than 5C0l. and Lite Confident ion lor Redemption is in Money, it may l e paid to the Receiver General, fee. and the Surplus tu a Trullee,

574 C.n6.

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

Money arifmf l'runi Lands fold for reimburiinu Stuns advanced [ice^9l.]shall, under the Order of Conunilhon-ers, be paid to the Persons entitled, and the Remainder into the Hank, Jcc.

Purchase Money may be agreed to be paid by Instalments into the Bank [ax uitdrr $ 26, 27. 29.], and Pur-Chafers shall be' liable to all Penalties, &c« on Default.

Where Purchase Money is to be paid within the Year, and at not more than fix Instalment*, Trcnl'iirv may, after Payment of the fit 11, advance 01 procure Money for the immediate Completion of the Cjnir.uft.

Purrhnfert re-

cetving such Advance shall enter into Bonds (exempt fioin Stamp Duty), to the King for Repayment with Intel eft.

CIV. Provided always and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Money shall he raised under any of the Provisions of this Act for the Purpose of reimbursing any Stock, or any Sum or Sums of Money laid out in the Redemption of Land Tax, or of paying off any Sums before borrowed for that Purpose, or for the Purpose of purchasing the Afligranent of any Land Tax, under any of the Provisions of the said recited Acts or of this Act, or uurAssignment of any Contrails not completed, in order to complete the same, such Monies shall not be paid into the Bank of England* or to any Receiver General or Collector, but the same or (in Cases where the Assignment of any Contrail shall be purchased in order to complete the same, or in Cases of Sale) so much thereof as shall be requisite shall, under the Order of the respective Commissioners who shall have authorized the Sale, Mortgage, or Grant, be paid to the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies or other Person or Persons entitled to the Benefit thereof, whose Receipt or Receipts in pursuance of such Order, shall as effectually discharge the respective Purchasers or Mortgagees, as the Receipt or Pweceipts of the Cashier of the Bank of England* or any Receiver General or Collector would have done in case the same had been paid into the Bank, or to such Receiver or Collector purfuaiit to the Directions of this Act; and the Remainder of such Monies (in Cases where any such shall be) shall in pursuance of such Order be paid into the Bank of England, or to the Receiver General or Collector (as the Case may require), to the lame Account, and shall be applied in the same Maimer, and the Cashiers of the Bank, or any of them, and such Re* ceiver General or Collector are or is hereby required to give such Receipt for the fame, as if the Whole of such. Purchase or Mortgage Money had been paid into the Bank, or to such Receiver General or ColltHor in pur* fuauce of this Act.

CV. And be it further enacted, That where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments' shall be sold by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of redeeming any Land Tax, it shall be lawful for the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons making such Sale, to agree with the Purchasers of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, that the Purchase Money for the same shall be paid by Instalments, provided such Instalments be to be paid into the Bank of England in the Manner direHcd by this Act within the same Period, and on the same Days and Times as shall be specified hi the ContraH for the Redemption of such Land Tax, for the Transfer or Payment of the respective Instalments of Stock to be transferred thereon, together with Interest at the Time of Payment of each Instalment as herein is directed to be paid upon the Transfer of Stock by Instalments: Provided also, that such Agreement, and the Days and Times stipulated for the Payment of inch Instalments, and the Amount thereof respectively be inserted and expressed in the Indenture whereby such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be conveyed: Provided also, that after such Conveyance shall be executed* no such Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, or other Person, nor their respective Successors, Executors, or Administrators, shall be uibjeH or liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture by this Act impoied, in case of Default in the Transfer of any of the Instalments agreed to be transferred on the ContraH entered into by such Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, or other Person, for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on their Manors, Messuages, Lands* Tenements, or Hereditaments, nor shall the Land Tax, so contraHed for* be revived or again become chargeable on the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whereon the same was charged, prior to such ContraH, but all such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be paid, sustained, and borne by such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Admimftra-tors, or Assigns, and all the subsequent Instalments of such Purchase Money shall be recoverable as a Debt to his Majesty upon Record agaraft hum, her, or them, and against his, her, or their Estates, Goods, Chattels, and Effects.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be sold by any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies aforesaid, or by any Person or Persons whatever for the Redemption of any Land Tax, under a ContraH or Agreement with the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, that the Purchase Money shall be paid into the Bank of England in not more than fix equal InstaL ments, at equal Periods from each other, and be completed within the Period of one Year from the Time of paying in the first Instalment, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of the reasury, or any three or more of them, for the Time being, at any Time alter Payment of the first Instalment, to agree with the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heredi* tameiTts, for the Advance or Loan to him, her, or them, of so much Money as shall be sufficient for the immediate Completion of the ContraH, upon such Terms and Conditions for leenring the Repayment of the said Principal Money so to be advanced, with lawful Interest for the fame, as the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them for the Time being, shall think reasonable and just, and as shall be agreed to by such Purchaser or Purchasers; or otherwise it shall be lawful for the said Lords CoromiiEoners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, to contraH and agree with any other Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, for the Advance or Payment into the Bank of England* by such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, on the Behalf of such Purchaser or Purchasers, of such Sum or Sums of Money as he, she, or they shall desire to be advanced for the Purpose* before mentioned, upon such Terms and Conditions as the said Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, and the said Purchaser or Purchaser3, shall respectively agree upon.

CVII. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons for whom any such Sum and Sums shall be advanced for the Purpose aforesaid, shall enter into a Security for the Repayment of the same, with Interest, by Writing obligatory to our Sovereign Lord the King, in such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be directed by the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or by the Corporation, Companies, Societies, or Persons respectively advancing the same as aforesaid, to be paid to our said Lord the King, by such Form of Words as Obligations to the King's Majesty have-beeu used to be made, and with such Conditions to be there-under written, as between the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Parties advancing

such

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 116.

575

such Sums of Money, and the said respect ive Purchaser*, shall be agreed on and that all such Obligations so to be made shall be good and effectual in the Law, and shall be of the same Quality, Force, and Efim, to all Inteats and Purposes, as any Obligation made to our Sovereign Lord the King, or his Predecessors, or any of them, hath at any Time heretofore been or now is adjudged, received, or taken to be; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that no Obligation to his Majesty, in pursuance of this Act, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That if Default shall be made by any such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, in the Repayment of any such Sum or Sums of Money which shall be so advanced, either by the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or by any other Bodies Politick or OonKH ite, or Companies, or other Person or Persons aforesaid, or of the Interest thereon, or any Part thereof, within the respective Timet limited by the said Obligation: , for the Payment thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or the said Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons aforesaid, who shall have advanced such Sums of Money as aforesaid, and they are hereby respectively required, without further Delay, to issue his or their Certificate or Certificates from Time to Time to the proper Officer of the Crown, having the Management of Proceedings upon Obligations to his Majesty, requiring such Officer or Officers personally to proceed against the Person or Persons making such Default, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, for the Recover)* of such Parts of the Sums advanced as shall be then due, together with Interest as aforesaid, and such Coils and Charges attending such Proceedings as shall be by Law payable for the fame; the Amount of which Principal Sums so to be levied, the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Persons aforesaid, shall cause from Time to Time to be testified by their Note in Writing, under the Hands of any two or more of them, to such Officer or Officers, and which Sums shall be inserted in the Writ or Process, and the like Process shall and may from Time to Time issue aforesaid, as Occasion shall require; and the Sums so recovered (the Costs and Charges aforesaid excepted) shall be paid to the said Cadiicr or Cashiers of the Bank of England, without Abatement, Deduce tio: i, or Delay, in Satisfaction of such Demands.

CIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where any Proceeding shall be directed under the Authority of this Act, no Writ or Writs of feire facias shall be required to be issued, but that upon the Production of the Certificate or Certificates of the said Commissioners as before-mentioned, before any of the Barons of the relptClive Courts of Exchequer at Westminster or in Scotland, an Extent shall and may ilTuc in the first Process upon the Fiat of such Baron, without any Affidavit, or other Verification or Proof of the Cause of fudt Proceeding, than such Certificate or Certificates as aforesaid.

CX. And be it further enacted, That after the due Payment of the Sums advanced, with Interest as aforesaid, every Obligation entered into in pursuance of this Act being fully satisfied according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be forthwith delivered up to be cancelled; and in tafe any such Obligation shall have been prosecuted according to the Directions of this Act, the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, shall by their Warrant or Warrants, direct the proper Officer or Officers of the said respective Courts of Exchequer to enter up Satisfaction on such Obligation or Obligations being so satisfied as aforesaid, upon the Record, or otherwise to deliver up the same to be cancelled, as the Case may require.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That such Process as aforesaid shall and may lawfully issue on any such Obligation as aforesaid, against the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid, and all other the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and also the Goods, Chattels, and Effects of such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for the Benefit of any such Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, who shall, in pursuance of any such Agreement w.th the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, advance or lend any Sum or Sums of Money to such Puiw chafer or Purchasers as aforesaid.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Bodies Politick and Corporate, and Companies, and* other Person and Persons making any such Sale or Sales, or Contracts for any such Sale or Sales, for the Purpose of redeeming their Land Tax, to whom such Advance shall be made, shall, from and immediately after the Registry of the Contrail for the Redemption of Land Tax, have and enjoy the full Benefit of the Land Tax which shall have been controlled for, in the same Manner in all Respects as if they respectively had themselves completed their Contrails, by the Transfer of the whole Consideration to be transferred thereon.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Duty shall be payable in respect of any Part of the Monies which shall have arisen or shall arise by Sale of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which already have been or hereafter shall be sold by AuHion, under the Powers and Provisions of any of the Cud recited Acts relating to the Redemption of Land Tax, or of this Act.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Bodies Politick and Corporate, or* Companies, or other Person or Persons having any Mortgage, Charge, Lien, or Incumbrance on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be mortgaged, or out of which any Rent Charge shall have been or shall be granted by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, shall have and be entitled to all such Remedies, Privileges, and Advantages, both at Law and in Equity, as he, she, or they would have had or been entitled to, in case the said Acts or this All had not been passed, or no Mortgage or Grant had been made by virtue thereof respectively; and the Person or Persons who shall have lent, or who shall lend, any Money for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or of this Act, shall not have Priority of Security on the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by force and virtue of the said Acts or of this Act espectively, over any such prior Mortgage, Charge, Lien, or Incumbrance, in respect of the Principal Money lent for the Purposes of this Act, but in respect of the Interest thereof only: Provided also, that all Bodies

Politick.

On Failure of Payment of Pi incipal or Intel eft, the Treasury or other Lenders shall issue Certificates to the proper Officers of the Crown, requiring them tf> proceed against Defaulter* for the Sum due which Audi be inserted in the \V rit, and the Money, when lecuvered, paid into the Bank.

No Sci 1 e-facias-necessary, kc.

On Payment, the Purchaser'r Bond shall be delivered up, kQm

Process may issue-against the Lands purchased.

Persons rereise ing such Advance shall be cun fttlered as having com-plctco their Contracts.

No Duty on Sales by Auction.

Prior Mortgagees shall not be affectwl by Mortgages under this Act, except as to Interest; and shall> have Preference to redeem the Land Tan.

5 76

No Reversioner liable to Payment of more than one Year's Arrrar of I11-tercrt, &r.

Grantees of Kent Charges flnay recover same as Rents,

When Money h not paid into the Bank, but inverted in 3 £er Cents. Commrrtioners for the National Debt shall accept the Trans-ftfr thereof and grant a Certificate, on Production of which at the Bank a "Kcceipt Avail be given.

I*-> 9?.]

i

Where Land Tax on Lands (except of Bi-rtiops, Sec. (£ e 'c5)' let on beneficial Leases, See. fltaH b* redeemed by Sale of Part, the unfold ^aitsrtial) be chargeable to such C >rpo-.rations with an equivalent Rent Charge.

[Sv $ A9. as to Copyj How Deeds shall be inrolled in England;

in Scotland.

Where Confederation is only 200l.

On Payment of ^loiwy and In-rolmenf, Deeds shall^valid.

C. 116. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons having any prior Mortgages, Charges, Lieni, or Incumbrances on such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be entitled, according to their respective Priorities, to advance the Money required for the Redemption of such Land Tax, in Preference to all other Persons.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That no Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons entitled in Remainder, Reversion, or Expc&ancy to, or having any future Interest in any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditametts which shall be so conveyed or demised by way of Mortgage, or whereout any such Rent Charge or^ Rent Charges as aforesaid shall have been or shall be granted and made payable in pursuance of the said recited Acts or of this Act, shall be liable upon their, his, or her coming into the Possession of or being beneficially entitled to any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to the Payment of Arrears of Interest on any Sum or Sums of Money secured by Mortgage as aforesaid, or of Arrears of any Rent Charge, for more than twelve Calendar Months preceding the Time that the Title to such PoflWfion shall have accrued.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Persons to whom any Rent Changes shall have been or shall be granted by virtue of the said recited Ad3 or of this Act, shall have and be entitled to use and take the same Powers, Remedies, Benefits, and Advantages for the Recovery thereof, as Landlords by the Law have or are entitled to use and take for the Recovery of Rents reserved on common Demises or Leases. v

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Money arising from the Sale of any Manors, Meflu-ages. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall not have been or shall not be paid into the Bank of England pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Acts, or of this Act, but shall have been, or shall be laid out and inverted in the Purchase of three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities transferred, or for the Purpose of being transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, as the Consideration for the Redemption of any Land Tax chargeable on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging to any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons by whom such first mentioned Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall have been or shall be hereafter fold, then and in such Case the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, or any one or more of them, shall and they are hereby authorized and required to accept and receive the Transfer of such three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, and to grant to any Purchaser or Purchasers of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, his, her, or their Agent or Agents, a Certificate under his or their Hand or Hands, of the Amount of three Pounds per Centum bank Annuities, which shall have been or shall be so transferred to them as aforesaid; and upon the Production of such Certificate to any of the Cashiers of the Bank of England, he or they shall and is or are hereby required to give any such Purchaser or Purchasers such Receipt or Receipts as by the said Acts, or any of them, or this Act, is or are required to be given, as well for any Monies which shall have been or shall be so inverted as aforesaid, as for any other Monies which may have been or may be paid by him, her, or them, into the Bank of England, in the Manner required by the said recited Acts, or any of them, or by this Act.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Land Tax charged upon any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging to any Bodies Politick or Corporate (other than Bishops or other Ecclesiastical Corporations), or to any Companies, or other Person or Persons, and granted out upon any beneficial Lease or Leases, or by any Copy or Copies of Court Roll or other Grant, according to the Custom of any. Manor, for Life or Lives, or Years absolute, or Years determinable upon any Life or Lives, shall be redeemed by the Monies arising from the Sale or Sales of the Fee Simple and Inheritance of any Part of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, then and in such Case the respective Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, remaining unfold, shall, immediately after the Redemption of such Land Tax, be and become charged and chargeable, for the Benefit of such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, with such yearly Sum or Sums respectively, by Way of Rent Charge, as shall be eaual in Amount to the Land Tax charged thereon at the Times of such Redemption, which shall be applicable in their Hands to the same Uses and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the several yearly Rents and Profits of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall from Time to Time be applicable.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Deed whereby any Sale, Mortgage, or Grant of any Rent Charge shall be made by virtue of this Act, in relation to Estates in England, shall be inrolled within iix Calendar Months after the Execution thereof in one of lm Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancashire, or Durham, or in the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, as the Case shall require, or be registered in the Counties of M'nldlesex and York, in the Manner required by Law for Conveyances of Real Estates jituattd in those Counties respectively; and all Deeds and Conveyances in relation to Estates in Scotland shall be executed and registered in the Manner required by the Law of Scotland in respect of Sales or Charges of Real inflates: Provided always, that where the Consideration expressed in any such Deed shall not exceed two hundred Pounds, the Registry thereof, with the proper Officer appointed or to be appointed for the Regi.lry of Contracts for the Redemption of Land Tax, shall be as valid and effectual as if the same were inrolled or registered in the Manner herein-before directed, and such Officer is hereby required to register the same gratis; and after the Payment of the Purchase or Mortgage Money into the Bank of England, or to the Receiver General, or his Deputy in England, or to the Collectors in Scotland (in Cases where the same is by this Act authorized to be paid to any Receiver General or his Deputy, or Collector), in the Manner herein-before directed, and after such Inrolment or Registry as aforesaid, every such Deed of Sale, Mortgage, or Grant, made by virtue of this Act, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided always, that any Deed or Deeds required by the

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 116.

577

Former freed* may be into!Jc<f within six Months.

Proof of Execution of P<*H« by Commit: »n-ers shall be Evidence that every Thing required

Where Money has been improperly paid

missioner* for Taxer, may order the Money to be repaid; or Stock pui chafed therewith to be transferred.

the (hid federal Acts, pissed for the Redemption of the Land Tax, or any of them, to he inrolled or registered, shall be valid and effectual, although the same shall not have been inrolled or registered within the Period* prescribed by the said Acts, provided the same be inrolled within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That the Proof of the due Execution of any Deed of Sale, Enfranchisement. Mortgage, or Grant, under the Provisions of the said recited Acts or of this Act, by the respective Commissioners Parties thereto, shall be allowed and admitted in all Courts and Places, and before all Persons, to be good and sufficient Evidence that the several Notices and other Acts, Matters, and Things required by the said recited Acts or this Act, to be given and done by any Vendor or Mortgagor, or any Grantor of any .....o ______

Rent Charge, previously to any such Sale, Mortgage, or Grant, were duly given, done, and performed by such was daty dorfe. Vendor, Mortgagor, or Grantor, pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Acts or of this Act.

CXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Money hath been or may hereafter be piid into the Bank of England, to be placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Re-dudion of the National Debt, as the Whole or Part of the Purchase Money for any Manors, Messuages^,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fold or contracted to be sold by any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Commissioner< Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons, and under the Gr* at it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners appointed under the Great Seal, in Cases where Seal, or Com-such Sales or Contracts for Sale shall have been made under their Authority, or to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes in all other Cases, that such Money ought not to have been so paid, then and in all such Cases it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed under the Great Seal, by Writing under their Hands or the Hands of any two of them, and for the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any three or more of them respectively, to order and direct the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and such Governor and Company afe hereby required, to repay all such Monies to the Person or Persons by whom or on whose Account the same shall appear to have been paid into the Bank; and in all Cases where such Money shall have been already inverted in the Purchase of three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, upon a Certificate ligned by any two or more of the said Commissioners appointed under the Great Seal, or by any three or more of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, as the Case may be, that such Money ought not to have been so inverted, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, or any one or more of them, and he or they is and are hereby required to transfer the Stock which has been so bought by or transferred to them, to the Person or Persons by whom or on whose Account such Money shall have been paid into the Bank, and with which Money such Stock had been so purchased, and the Receipt and Receipts of such Person and Persons shall be sufficient Discharges for such Monies or Stock.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Contracts or Agreements which, before the passing of this Act, shall have been made or entered into by any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or^ Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons for the Sale or Mortgage of, or ^ted undoc" for the Grant of any Rent Charge out of, any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and this Act. all Acts, Matters, and Things, which shall have been done in relation thereto, according to the Provisions of the said recited Acts, or any of them, shall be valid and effectual to enable the Completion of such Sales,

Mortgages, or Grants according to the Provisions of this Act, in like Manner as if such Contracts or Agreements, Acts, Matters, and Tilings respectively had been made, entered, or done after the parting thereof.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons having any Estate or Interest,

(other than an Estate of Inheritance), in any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall redeem the Land Tax charged thereon by or out of his, her, or their own absolute Property, such Manqfs,

Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be and become chargeable for the Benefit of such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns with the Amount of the three Land Tax with Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities which shall have been transferred, or with the Amount of the Monies paid his own Proas the Consideration for the Redemption of such Land Tax, as the Case may be, and with the Payment of a r|jc^'

yearly Sum or Sums of Money by Way of Interest thereon, equal in Amount to the Land Tax redeemed: with

Provided always, that no Person or Persons in Remainder, Reversion, or Expedancy, or having any future^Amount of Interest in such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, who shall afterwards, ihe Confidcnu?-

in Order of Succession, come into the actual Possession or be beneficially entitled to the Rent and Profits of on, and Fntorcft

- equivalent to

Land Tax redeemed; Re-voifioner* fhaM be liable t'» Tn-icreft only from coming into PoflWfion: Re-verlioners redeeming shall bt* entitled 10 such yearly Equivalent until the Etfatc* velf in them.

Where a Copxi-cener redeem? hi* own Proportion of the Land Tax, and the

Contrafts Under former Act*

Where any Person having an Ertate otherthan of Inheritance, shall ledeem the

any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be liable to the Payment of any yearly Sum or Sums of Money by Way of Interest as aforesaid, save only from the Time they shall reflectively come into Possession, or be beneficially entitled as aforesaid: Provided also, that where the Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be redeemed by any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or any Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons having any Estate or Interest in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy therein, or being Substitute Heirs of Entail -entitled in their Order to succeed thereto, such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy, or being Substitute Heirs of Entail as aforesaid, shall in the mean Time, until their respective Estates and Interests veil in Possession by reason of the Determination of the preceding Estate, be entitled to have a yearly Sum issuing out of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, equal in Amount to the Land Tax so redeemed.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any one or more of any Persons feifedor entitled in undivided Shares of or to any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as Coparceners, Heirs Portioners, Tenants in Common, or joint Tenants, fhsdl not only redeem his, her, or their own Proportion or Proportions of the Land Tax charged thereon, but also the Proportion or Proportions of any others or other 41 Geo. til, 4E of

578

Proportions of others, their Lands Hull be chargeable to him for their Proportions. [See § ir. 39. 93.]

Interest or Rent Charge, shall be payable at the Periods when Land Tax was.

[See §126.]

Where a Tenant is bound to pay Land Tax, the Amount of it, if redeemed by the Person entitled to the Rent, shall be payable as Rent.

Persons redeeming Land Tax on Lands subject to any Fee Farm Rent, He. may continue to de-dud the Proportion of Land Tax enfuch Fee Farm Rems, He. under 3SG. 3. c. 5.

Guardians. &c. may transfer Stock standing in the Names of Infants, He. or jointly with ihejnselves, for Rede nipt ion of Land Tax.

No Contrafts for Redemption under this Act, or the Amount of Land Tax redeemed, shall be any Wav affected by vny Appeal from A ffefifment of Land Tax.

But if Land Tax

connafted for shall have been fraudulently reduced within 'luce Years bc-ibie Comp'cti m cfComraft, it

C. 116. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

of such Coparceners, Heirs Portioners, Tenants in Common, or joint Tenants, whereby the Whole of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, will he exonerated from the said Land Tax, the Share or Shares of such of the Coparceners, Heirs Portioners, Tenants in Common, or joint Tenants, whose Proportion or Proportions of Land Tax shall have been redeemed by the others or iny other of them, of and in such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be and become chargeable for the Benefit of the Person or Persons redeeming the fame, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, with so much of the Stock transferred, or so much of the Money paid as the Consideration for the Redemption of the Land Tax, as would have been sufficient to redeem such Proportion or Proportions of the Land Tax of the others or other of such Coparceners, Heirs Portioners, Tenants in Common, or joint Tenants, and also with the Payment of such a yearly Sum of Money by Way of Interest, as shall be equal in Amount to such Proportion or Proportions respectively.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons redeeming any Land Tax, shall by virtue of this Act be entitled to have and receive out of any Manors, Messuages, Lauds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, any yearly Sums of Money by Way of Interest, or by Way of Rent or of Rent Charge, equal in Amount to the Land Tax redeemed, such yearly Sum shall be payable on the same Days as such Land Tax was payable at the Time of the Redemption thereof (unless where any other Days are herein specified for that Purpose*), and shall be recoverable by Action, Suit, Distress, or any other Means whereby Rents referred on Leases are recovered by Law.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Tenant or Lessee at a Rack Rent for any Term or Number of Years or at Will, of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be bound by Agreement to pay the Land Tax charged thereon during the Continuance of any Demise, and such Land Tax shall have been or shall be redeemed by or on the Behalf of the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons beneficially entitled to the Rent reftrved or made payable on such Lease or Demise, the Amount of the Land Tax so redeemed shall, during the Continuance of such Lease or Demise, be considered as Rent reserved or made payable thereon, and the same shall be payable on the same Days, and the same Powers shall be had, used, and enjoyed for the Recovery thereof, as for the Recovery of such Rent when in Arrear.

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Bodies Politick and Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, shall by virtue of the said recited Acts have redeemed, or shall by virtue of this Act redeem, any Land Tax charged upon any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which at the Time of such Redemption were or shall be charged with or subject to the Payment of any Fee Farm, Feu Duty, or other annual Rent, for which such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, would upon Payment of the Land Tax have been entitled, to abate and deduct a just Proportion of Rate under the said recited Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for granting ail Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, it shall be lawful for all such Bodies Politick and Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, to continue to abate and deduct a just Proportion, from Time to Time, upon any Payment of such Fee Farm, Feu Duty, or other annual Rent as if such Land Tax had not been redeemed.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Guardians, Tutors, and Curators of Infants, and for all Trustees for married Women, who have contracted or who shall contract on their Behalf for the Redemption of Land Tax, charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, wherein such Infants or married Women shall be interested, to transfer to the Commissioners for the Rtdudlion of the National Debt, so much of three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, which shall be Handing in the Name or Names of such Infants or married Women, either fclely or jointly with such Guardians, Tutors, Curatois, or Trustees, or any of them, as shall be sufficient for the Redemption of the Land Tax contracted for; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby authorized and required to permit and suffer such Transfers to be made; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England shall give a Certificate or Receipt for the Stock to be so transferred, which shall be an Acquittance and Discharge to such Guardians, Tutors, Curators, or Trustees transferring such Stock as aforesaid; and the said Governor and Company, and their respective Officers, are hereby indemnified against all Persons whatever for any Transfer made in pursuance of this Act.

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Contract entered into after the passing of this Act for the Redemption of any Land Tax, nor the Amount of Land Tax redeemed thereby, shall in any wise be impeached, affected, or altered by the Judgment or Determination of the Commissioners on any Appeal from the AflftfT-ment by which such Land Tax shall have been charged, whether such Appeal shall have been made prior or subsequent to any Proceedings had under this Act for the Purpose of entering into such Contract; but such Appeal shall be decided wholly between such other Parties charged by such Assessments as shall not have entered into any such Contract, and in the same Manner as if the Contract so entered into had been completed before the making or determining such Appeals; and every Contract so entered into shall Hand good, and the Land Tax redeemed thereby shall be considered as if no such Appeal had been made from such Assessment.

CXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if such Land Tax so contracted for, shall have been reduced in its Amount by any Assessment made within three Years preceding the Time of completing such Contract, and any such Appeal shall be made against the Party who shall have entered into the Contract for the Redemption or such Land Tax, his or her Heirs or Assigns, and it shall be found to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners before whom such Appeal shall be heard, and shall be adjudged by them that the Reduction in the Amount of the Assessment Land Tax so redeemed, was fraudulently made, or was obtained by some undue Practice or false Representation of the Value of the Estate of such Party, in the Parish or

Place

A.D. 1802. 42 GEORGII III. C. 116.

Place where such AfiofTment was made, or of the Proportion of Value which his or her Estate bore to other Dilates or Incomes liable to be adefied in the same Parish or Place, so as to prove to tlte Satisfaction of such Commissioners that such Reduction was wroHgfully made, then and in such Case, but not otherwise, the Land Tax so contracted for shall remain liable to be revised and altered (in the same Manner as if the Contract for the same had not been completed), by any Determination on any Appeal which shall be made and deter-r.iiu: d within one Year next after the Completion of such Contract.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown, in respect of the Land Tax charged on the Manors, Messuage?, Lands, Tenements, Rent0, or other Revenues of the Crown, within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer for the Time being, with the Corfent of the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, and for the Receiver General for the Time being of the Revenues of the Duchy of Lancaster, with the Consent of the Chancellor for the Time being of the said Duchy, in respect of the Land Tax charged on the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Rents, Tenements, Hereditaments, or other Revenues of the Crown within the Survey and Receipt of the said Chancellor and Council and Officers of the said Duchy, and for the Surveyor General of the Duchy of Cornwall, in respect of the Land Tax charged on the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, and other Revenues of the Duchy of Cornwall, to contract and agree with the Commissioners adding in the Execution of this Act by virtue of his Majesty's Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon any of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, or other Revenues respectively, and to proceed to the Completion of such Contract in such and the like Manner in all Respects as is htrein-before directed in Cases of Redemption of any Land Tax; with and subject to such Benefit of Reference a9 is herein-before given to any Bodies Politick or Corporate by this Act, except where it shall be otherwise expressly provided by this Act.

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Warrant under his Royal Sign Manual, to nominate and appoint such and so many Persons as his Majesty may think proper for the Purpose of ascertaining the Proportions of the Land Tax charged upon all and every of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, or other Revenues belonging to the Crown, within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer in England, and such Commissioners are hereby required, as soon as they conveniently can, to certify and report in Writing under their Hands and Seals, unto the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, the Proportions of such Land Tax, and the several Parishes and Places within which, and the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, or other Revenues upon which the same is charged and payable, and to transmit a Copy of such Certificate to the Surveyor General of his Majesty's Land Revenue.

CXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown, now or for the Time being, to contrail or agree with any Person or Persons, or any Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Sale, from Time to Time, of such or so much of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marffies, Waste Lands, or other Hereditaments belonging to the Crow n, and within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer in England, for the bed Prices or Coaiidcrations in Money which the said Surveyor General shall, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, be able to procure for the fame, as will raise a Sum of Money sufficient for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, Rents, Hereditaments, or any other Revenues of or belonging to the Crown; and the Purchase Monies to be paid for the same shall from Time to Time be paid into the Bank of England, to the Account of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury; under which Title the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby required to open an Account accordingly; and shall be laid out by Order of the Surveyor General in the Purchase of three rounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, in the Names of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, in like Manner as is directed by an Act, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, an Act for the Lett*. r Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sale of the Fee Farm and other unimprovable Rents; but nevertheleU in such Manner that the Accounts thereof may be kept separate and dif* tin^t from the Accounts of the Sales made and Stock purchased in pursuance of that Act.

CXXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Contrail shall be made unless by iSpecial Warrant, to be iflueci for that Purpose by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster, for the Time being, under the Seal of the said Duchy, to nominate and appoint such and so many Persons as the said Chancellor and Duchy may think proper for the Purpose of ascertaining the Proportions of the Land Tax charged upon all and every the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, and other Revenues belonging to the Crown, within the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy and its Officers; and such last mentioned Commissioners are hereby required, as foou as they conveniently can, to certify and report, in Wri'ing under their Hands and Seals, unto the Chancellor and Council, the Proportion of such I and Tax, and the several Parishes and Places within which, and the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, or other Revenues upon which the same is charged and payable, and to transmit a Copy of such Certificate to such Officer of the said Duchy as the said Chancellor and Council shall appoint.

CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said Surveyor General shall have contrafted with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Sale of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, Rents, or other Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, the said Surveyor General shall grant to the respective Purchaser or Purchasers a Certificate under his Hand, specifying the Premises so contracted for, and the Amount of the Purchase Money to be paid for the same; and the Cashiers of the Bank,

4 E 2 or

579

may be nhered on Apper l with-in one Year alter.

Surveyor General of the LrmH Revenues of the

Ciown, with Con Unit ol liie YiCuUny; Receiver General cf Duchy of LancaUer, v ith Consent of the Clur.celio; and Surveyor General of Duchy of Cornwall, empowered to agree for the Redemption of the Lard Tax within Lheir respective Surveys.

Hi.- Majesty m.iy appoint Persons to ascertain the Land Tax on Crown Landswithin the Survey of the Exchequer, a Report of which shall be foil to the Treasury.

Surveyor General of the Land Revenue* may contract for Sale of Crown Land* to redeem the Land Ta*;

Money Hull be paid into the Rank, and laid out in 3 per Cents, as under 34 G. 3. C. 75.

I nt on a dilhull

Account.

Such Contrafts shall be made by

fjKcial Warrant of the Treasury. Chancellor and Council of Duchy of Larcnfter may appoint Per fori'. t-> ifrer-tain Land Tax on Crown I..aids within ilu ir Survey, to be le-porled to them.

Surveyor General shall give Certificate of Conti.ufls to Purchjlcu o Crown Lands, on Production of

which, the Fank Ihnl! receive the Cun fuler.it ion and give a Receipt, which, with the Certificate, shall he enrolled with liic Auditor of the l»and Revenue, or C'es k of the Fij c, which shall complete the i\iichafe.

Essences of Smvcyi may he paid out of t'ui-chaie Money.

Cnn*ra<fis and Receipts*, on Sale of fuclt ha: t\ shall be in the F<nms, in Schedules (G), (»). (>)- (K).

Chancellor, &c. of Duchy cf Lancaster may fell Lands to redeem the Land Tax.

Purchase Money shall be paid to Receiver General of the Duchy, and invented as under 19 G. 3. 1.4, 5.

Trenfnry, and Chancel'or. &c. of the Duchy of Lnncaiier, .reflectively may, from Produce of Sales', transfer to Commissioners hr the National Debt, the Stock necessary to redeem Land Tax itCiownLands, ipc Iiuereit in the mean Time, and Surplus being app'icd as under u cited Avils (9 G. 3. c. 45. 34 G- ? c. 7S« untt\

ijj. np-j

t.wn Lapels fb.dI thereupon l«c, exonerated from the Lrnd Tax, end the Amount con ftiered as

C. 116. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

or one of them, shall, upon the Production of such Certificate, accept and receive the Purchase Monies therein specified, and at the Foot or on the Back of such Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the same without Fee or Reward; and the said Certificate and Receipt shall be afterwards inrolled in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue, or in the Office of the Clerk of the Pipe, if the Premises shall be in Charge before him; and such Auditor or Clerk of the Pipe, or their respective Deputy or Deputies, having inrolled the said Certificate and Receipt, shall attest the lame under his or their Hand or Hands, and return the said Certificate and Receipt to the Purchaser or Purchasers; and from and immediately after such Inrolment, and thenceforth for ever, the respective Purchasers, their Heirs, Successors, or Afligus, shall by force of this Act be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the actual Seisin and Possession of the Premises so by them respectively purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the same peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged of and from alf Claims and Demands which can or may be made by his M: \jesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by any Person or Persons lawfully claiming by, from, or under him or them, and of and from all Manner of Incumbrances whatsoever, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors might or could have held or enjoyed the same.

CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to order any Expences that may be necessarily incurred for making Surveys of any of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments hereby authorized to be sold, or otherwise in relation to the Sale thereof, to be defrayed out of the Purchase Monies arising from such Sales.

CXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Contract made under the Authority of this Act, for the Sale of any Part of the Land Revenues of the Crown within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer, shall be in the Form specified in the Schedule here.into annexed, marked (H); and every Certificate for the Sale of any Part of the Revenues of the Crown within the Survey or Receipt of the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster, shall be in the Form specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (G); and every Certificate of Contract for the Sale of any Part of the Revenues of the Duchy of Cornwall, shall be in the Form in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (I); and tVe Receipt or Acknowledgement for the Consideration of every such Sale, shall be in the Form in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (K).

CXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy* of Lancaster for the Time being, to sell and dispose of to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, from Time to Time, and thereupon to grant and allure in the Name of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, under the Seal of the said Duchy, such and so much of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tyther, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Grounds, Fens, Marfiies, Waste Lands, or other Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, and within the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy, and the Officers of the same, at or for the bell Prices or Considerations in Money which the said Chancellor and Council shall be able to procure for the fame, as will raise a Sum of Money sufficient for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Hereditaments, or any other Revenues of or belonging to the Crown within the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy and the Officers of the same; and the Purchase Money to be paid for the same shall from Time to Time be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Revenues of the said Duchy, and Acquittances and Receipts given by him for the fame; and the same shall be laid out and inverted in like Manner in all Respects as is directed by an Act, passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster to fell ami dispose of certain Fee Farm Rents, and to enfranchise of and Customary "Tenements within their Survey; and to encourage the Growth of Timber on Lands held of the said Duchy, or any other Act or Acts now in force, for the Sale of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, or Hereditaments, within the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy or its Officers.

CXL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, in respect of the Crown Lands within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer, ai.: for the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster, by Order of his Majesty in Council, in respect of the Crown Lands in the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy for the Time being, from Time to Time, to cause to be transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, so much of the Capital Stock vested in their respective Names, arising from any Sales made by them respectively, in pursuance of the said respective Acts of the nineteenth and thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and of this Act, or any other Act or Acts now in force for the Sale of any of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Hereditaments, and other Revenues of the Crown, within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer or the Duchy of Lancaster, as may be necessary for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon any of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Hereditaments, and other Revenues of the Crown respectively; and that in the mean Time and until the same shall be so transferred, the Interest or yearly Dividends thereof, and also the Iiitcrert or yearly Dividends of any Part of such Capital Stock which shall not be applied or disposed of for the Redemption of such Land Tax, shall be from Time to Time received, accounted for, applied, and appropriated in like Manner in all Respects as is directed by the said Acts of the nineteenth and thirty-fourth Years of his Majesty's Reign, in respect of the Dividends of Stock purchased in pursuance of the said Acts or either of them respectively.

CXLI. And be it further enacted, That, upon the Redemption by the Transfer of Stock in the Manner herein-before mentioned, of any Land Tax charged upon any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Reuts, Hereditaments, or any other Revenues belonging to the Crown, and upon the Registry thereof in the Manner herein directed, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Hereditaments, or any other Revenues belonging to the Crown upon which such Land Tax shall have been charged, shall thenceforth be wholly freed

6 and

A.D. 1802. 420 GEORGII nr. C. n

and exonerated from the Land Tax charged thereon, and from all farther Assessments thereof; and the Amount of such Land Tax shall thenceforth during the Continuance of any Lease or Demise now in being, be considered as Rent due to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and be recovered and recoverable afr such by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, against any Lessee or Lessees, and by such LefTce or Lessees a gain ft his, her, or their Under Lessees or Tenants respectively, and shall be collected and received by such Person or Persons, and f ibject to such Ordei-s and Regulations as the Lqrd High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in rjfpeA of the Crown Lands within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer, and the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster in respect of the Crown Lands in the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy, shall from Time to Time appoint and establish for the better collecting and answering the same to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

CXLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe Lawful for his Royal Highness George Prince of Wales and Duke of Cornwall, by Warrant under his said Royal Highness's Sign Manual, to nominate and appoint such and io many Person3 as his said Royal Highness may think proper, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Proportions of the Land Tax charged upon any of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or other Revenues belonging to and Pared of the Duchy of Cornwall \ and such Commissioners are hereby required as fcon as they conveniently can, to certify and report in Writing under their Hands and Seals, unto the Council or Commissioners of the Revenue of his said Royal Highness, the Proportions of such Land Tax, and the District within which, and the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or ether Revenues, upon which the same is charged and payable, and to transmit a Copy of such Certificate to the Surveyor General of the Duchy of Cornwall.

CXLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Tor the Surveyor General of the Duchy of Cornwall, now or For the Time being, to con trad or agree with any Person or Persons, or any Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Sale from Time to Time of such or so much of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes, Mints, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marshes, Waste Lands, or other Hereditaments belonging to and Parcel of the said Duchy of Cornwall, for the bed Prices or Confederations in Money which the said Surveyor General shall be able to procure for the fame, as will raise a Sum of Money sufficient for the Redemption of the said Land Tax charged upon the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or any other Revenues belonging to and Parcel of the said Duchy of Cornwall; and the Purchase Monty to be paid for the same shall from Time to Time be paid by the respective Purchasers into the Bank of England, to be there received by the Cashiers of the Bank, and accounted for and invested in the Manner herein after directed.

CXLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Contract shall be made unless by special Warrant, to be issued for that Purpose by the Council or Commissioners of the Revenues of his said Koval Highness, or any three or more of them, for the Time being.

CXLV. And be it further enacted, That the Governors and Directors of the Bank of England shall, and they are hereby required, to open an Account in their Books under the Title of The Account of the Duchy of Cornwall, and carry to the Credit of such Account the federal Monies directed as aforesaid to be paid to the Cashiers of the Bank for or on account of the Purchase of any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Hereditaments, or other Revenues of the said Duchy of Cornwall; and whensoever the Surveyor General of the said Duchy of Cornwall shall have contracted with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Sale of any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Hereditaments, or other Revenues of the said Duchy of Cornwall, the said Surveyor General shall grant unto the Purchaser or Pur-chifus a Certificate under his Hand specifying the Pmnifes so contracted for, and the Amount of the Purchase Money to be paid for the same; and the said Cashiers of the Bank, or one of them, shall, upon the Production of such Certificate, accept and receive from such Purchaser or Purchasers the Purchase Monies therein specified, and at the Foot or on the Back of such Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the said Monies without Fee or Reward; and the said Ccitilicate and Receipt shall be afterwards brought to the Office of the Auditor of the Duchy of Cornwall and he there forthwith enrolled in proper Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose, separate ».nd apart from the other Bul'uitls and Proceedings of the said Office; and the said Auditor, or his lawful Deputy, having enrolled the said Certificate and Receipt, shall attest the same under his Hand, and return the bud Certificate and Receipt to the Purchaser or Purchasers, and from and immediately after such Inrohi.ent, and theneefoith forever, the respoctive Purchasers of any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes, Mine ., Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marshes, Waste Lands, or other Hereditaments belonging to and Parcel of the said Duchy of Cornwall, and the Heirs, Successors, or Assigns of such Purchasers shall by force of this Act be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the actual Stism and Possession of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Hereditaments, or other Revenues so by them respectively purchaLd, and shall hold and enjoy the same peaceably and quietly, and in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purpose*, as his said Royal Highness, his Heirs or Successors, Dukes of Cornwall, might or could have held or ci'jo\cd the same.

CXLVI. 1 Vovided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons with whom the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown, or of the Duchy of Cornwall, shall con trad for the Sale of any of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Hereditaments, or other Revenues, by this Act authorized to be sold as aforesaid, shall neglect to procure and lue forth the Certificate of the respective Surveyor General of his, lur, or their Contract, or shall neglect to pay into the Bank of England the Confident-tion Money therein to be specified, or shall neglect to inrol inch Certificate, and the CafhicFs Receipt for the said Money, according to the Directions of this Act, for the Space of forty Days, to he computed from the Day on which iV.eh Contract shall have been made, the said Conti act fl.ail be null and void, and the Consideration Money, if paid into the Bank, shall be forfeited, unit is the respective Surveyor General shall for any

reasonabL

581

Rent from the Lessees and Under- Lessees.

Prince of Wales may appoint Persons toafeer-taiu Land Tax on Lands of the Dtfchy of Cornwall, to be reported 10 his Council, and a Copy sent to Surveyor General of the Duchy, Such Surveyor General may contract for Sa'e of Lands to redeem the Land Tax,

Purchase Money shall be paid into ihe Hank.

Special Warrant for such Contracts.

Bank shall open Account with Duchy.

Surveyor General (ha!) give Purchasei of Lands a Cerii-fit a.e of Contracts, on which, Kank shall give Receipts, which, with the Certificates, shall be enrolled with the Auditor of the Duchy, See.

Contmds with the Crown and Duchy of Coin-wall, if not certified and enrolled, and Mont y p: id within 4? D. vt, shall be void, unit ft li e icfpeCmc Stir-vtyoi s General o; del the Cer-

ti&caic to \>e

c in oiled.

Money paid into the Rank on account of the Duchy, Dial! he inverted in the 3 per Cents, in the Name of the Duke of Cornwall, and the Dividends he paid to Receiver of the Duchy.

§ 148.

C. 116.

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

The Prince's Council may transfer Stock to the Commissioners for the National Debt for Redemption of Land Tax.

The Lands of the Duchy shall be thereupon exonerated from Land Tax, which shall be considered as Rent payable by the Lessees, &c.

'V'hore LefTecs of Crown Lands sx it bin the Survey of the Exchequer may Itnvc improperly proceeded to redeem Land Tax, Treasury may ic-Uansler to them Amount of any Consideration; whereupon his Majesty shall be entitled to Land Tax, and the Parties shall r.c-Jcnowlc-dge the Transfer, which shall be regi rter-<?d as a Contiatft, Stamp Duty free.

For what Time such Lessees

m. y receive ihe Land T ax.

Where the Whole i f the Land Tax (h ill not before June4, 1803, be redeemed, by

reasonable Cause to him shewn for the Omission of such Inrolment, order the said Certificate to he enrolled nunc pro tunc, and which, upon such Cause btin^ shewn, he is hereby authorized to order accordingly.

CXJLVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be paid into the Bank of England, under or by virtue of this Act, on account of the Duchy of Cornwall, shall from Time to Time be laid out by order of the Council or Commissioners of the Revenues of his said Royal Highness for the Time being, in the Purchase of three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, in the Name of the Duke of Cornwall-, in which Name the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby authorized and requited to permit Transfers to be made of the Annuities, Funds, or Stocks so to be purchased; and such Transfer., to be accepted by the Receiver General of the Duchy of Cornwall or his Deputy, for and in the Name of ilue Duke of Cornwall, and the said Receiver General or his Deputy is hereby required to accept the same accordingly; and that all and singular the Annuities so to be purchased and accepted, shall remain invelted in the Name of the Duke of Cornwall, and shall not be transfered or transferable to any Person or Persons whomsoever, except in the Manner herein after described*; and that all the Dividends shall from Time to Time be paid by the said Governor and Company into the Hands of the said Receiver General of the Duchy of Cornwall for the Time being, or his Deputy, and shall by force and virtue of this Act be deemed and taken by Law to be Part of the Revenues of the said Duchy of Cornwall, and shall be from Time to Time answered, accounted for, applied, and appropriated to such and the fame-Uses and Purposes as the Revenues of the Duchy of Cornwall now are or would hereafter have been liable to, and been applied and appropriated, in calc the said first recited Act or this Act had not been made.

CXLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Council or Commissioners of the Revenues of his said Royal Highness for the Time being, or any three or more of them, by Warrant or Power of Attorney under their Hands and Seal of Office, from Time to Time, to transfer to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, so much of the Capital Stock vested in the Name of the Duke of Cornwall, arising from any Sales made in pursuance of this Act, as may be necessary for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon any of the Manors, Mcfluagts, Lands, Tenements, or other Revenues belonging to and Parcel of the said Duchy of Cornwall\

CXLIX. And be it further enacted, That, upon the Redemption, by the Transfer of Stock in the Manner herein-before mentioned, of any Land Tax charged upon any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements* Hereditaments, or other Revenues belonging to and Parcel of the said Duchy of Cornwall, and upon the Re-giilry thereof in the Manner herein directed, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or other Revenues belonging to and Parcel of the said Duchy of Cornwall, upon which such Land Tax shall have been charged, shall thenceforth, during the Continuance of any Demise, be wholly freed and exonerated from the Land Tax charged thereon, and from all further Assessments thereof; and the Amount of such Land Tax shall thenceforth, during the Continuance of any Demise, be considered as Rent, and be recovered and recoverable as such by his said Royal Highness the Prince of Wales and Duke of Cornwall, his Heirs and Successors, against any Lessee or Lessees, or Tenant or Tenants, and by such Lessee or Lessees, or Tenant or Tenants, against his, her, or their Under Lessees or Under Tenants respectively.

CL. 1 And whereas it may happen that Lessees and Tenants holding Lands or Tenements within the Survey

and Receipt of the Exchequer, under any Demise from the Crown, may have redeemed Land Tax charged thereon, and may have transferred the Consideration for the Redemption of such Land Tax, in like Manner

as if they had been empowered by the said recited A his for the Redemption of the Land Tax, to contrail

for the same; now be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, in all such Cases, to cause to be transferred to any such Lessees or Tenants as aforesaid, having so contrabled for the Redemption of such Land Tax, and transferred the Consideration for the fame, or their respective Executors, Administrators, or assigns, so much of the Capital Stock which may be vested in the Names of the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury arising from any Sales made by them as herein-before is mentioned, as shall be equivalent in Amount to the Stock which shall have been so transferred by or on the Behalf of such Ltifees or Tenants, for the Redemption of such Land Tax which ought not to have been contracted for as aforesaid; and from and in mediately after the Transfer of such Stock, the Contrabls which shall have been so entered into by any such Lessees or Tenants, shall be valid and effectual to entitle his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to the Benefit of such Land Tax, from the Quarter Day next preceding the Day of the Transfer of such Stock as aforesaid, in the same Manner in ail Re-spebls as if such Contrabl had been entered into by the Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown, according to the Provisions of the said first recited Act; and the Person or Persons to whom such Stock shall be transferred, shall, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, either indorsed upon the original Contra&, or in such other Manner as the said Surveyor General shall require, acknowledge the Transfer of such Stock, and such Acknowledgement shall be registered with the proper Officer appointed for the Registry of Contrabls for the Redemption of Land Tax, but the same shall not be liable to any Stamp Duty; and such rc-spective Lessees or Tenants, or their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to whom Inch Stock shall be transferred, shall be entitled to have or receive the Amount of such Land Tax, from the Quarter Day next preceding the Transfer of the Consideration by such Lessees or Tenants respectively, up to the Quarter Day next preceding the Transfer of the Amount of such Consideration made to such Lessees or Tenants, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by virtue of this Act.

CLI. And be it further enacted, That where the Whole of the Land Tax charged on any County, Riding, Stewartry, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town, or Place in respect of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments therein, shall not before or on the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, have been redeemed by the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons having the Benefit of Preference by virtue of the said recited Acts, relating to the Redemption of

K Land

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 1

583

Land Tax, or of this Act, but any Part thereof shall then remain chargeable for the Benefit of his Majesty, Pa-tie* entitled his Heirs and Successors, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, by virtue 10 Hrefctcnc* of his Majesty's Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, for such County, Ruling, Stewartry, City, Borough.

Cinque Port, Town, or Place, to contract and agree with any other Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Com- maT^ntralft* b or Person or Persons, for the Sale of the Land Tax so remaining unredeemed, and then chargeable as with any other aforesaid, or any Parts or Parcels thereof, upon the Terms and Conditions, and in the Manner htrein-after Person* fur Sale directed; and all such Rules, Methods, Regulations, and Directions, as are herein prescribed with respect to oftJie Part re-the Redemption of Land Tax by any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons waning unfold* having such Benefit of Preference as aforesaid, shall be observed, practised, and put in Execution, with rtfptft b11uU'? to Sales of Land Tax by virtue of this Act, in so far as such Rules, Methods, Regulations, and Directions shall be applied

tj such Sales.

If such Panics shall, piiur tj June 24, itoj, give Net ice that they do not intend to redeem, Commissioners may contract with others.

are respectively applicable thereto.

CLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any Time before the said twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons entitled to the Benefit of Preference in the Redemption of any Land Tax, shall give Notice to the said lass-mentioned Commissioners, that they do not intend to redeem such Land Tax, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners to contract and agree with any other Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Person or Persons, for the Sale of such Land Tax, in the same Manner as they respectively might do after the said twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, by virtue of this Act.

CLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Consideration to be given for the Purchase of any such Land T* Considera-

Tax, shall be so much Capital Stock at the lea (I, in either of the three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, trans- l'on 101 t, ie 1>ur*

ferrable at the Bank of England as aforesaid, as is herein-before directed to be transferred, as the Consideration for the Redemption of any Land Tax by Persons having Benefit of Preference, cr where the I.and Tax fold shall not exceed the annual Sum of twenty-five Pounds, then cither so much at the lea 11 of the said Bank Annuities as aforesaid, or so much in lawful Money of Great Britain, as herein-before is directed to be paid as the Consideration for the Redemption of any Land Tax, (in Cases where the Consideration for such Redemption shall be in Money, ) according to the Tables, Rules, and Directions contained in the said Schedule, marked(L.), and the Price of Stock, to be ascertained and transmitted to the Receiver General or Collector in the Manner herein-before directed in Cases of the Redemption of Land Tax; and the whole Amount of such Consideration

shall be transferred or paid either at one Time, (in which Case the same shall be transferred or paid within the

Space of three Months from the Date of the Contract, ) or by any Number of Instalments, within the Period of one Year from the Date of such Contract, so as that such Instalments shall not exceed four in Number, and shall be made at equal Intervals of not more than three Months from each other, on such Days as the Party shall elect, and cause to be (lipulated in the Contract, with Power for the Contractors respectively to transfer or pay the Whole or any Part of such Consideration in Advance, in the Manner and under the Rcitriftions herein prescribed in Cases of Transfers and Payments made in Advance for the Redemption of Land Tax.

CL1V. And be it further enacted, That all and every Bodies Politick or Corpora*c, or Companies, or other Person or Persons desirous of purchasing the Land Tax charged upon any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall make out and produce to any two of the Commissioners of Land Tax acting in and for the Hundred, Ward, Lathe, Wapentake, Rape, or other Division of the County, Riding, City,

Borough, Cinque Port, Town, or Place, if in England, or if in Scotland to the Commissioners of Supply of the County or Stewartry, or the Chief Magistrate of the City or Burgh within which the same shall be situate, a Schedule or Statement in Writing of the Land Tax proposed to be purchased, and of the Manors, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, whereon the lame is charged, and the said Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply, or Chief Magistrate respectively, shall thereupon ascertain the Amount of the Land Tax proposed to be purchased, and the respective Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, whereon the same is charged, and flnll grant a Certificate thereof in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.), to the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons applying for the fame, which Certificate shall contain the Description of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, distinguishing the Parishes or Places wherein the lame may be situate, and also the Name or Names of the Proprietor or Proprietors, and the Occupier or Occupiers thereof; and where such Manors, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments, shall be separately assessed, shall distinguish the Amount of each separate Assessment of Land Tax; and such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons,

shall produce such Certificate to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, by virtue of his Majesty's Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual; and where the Land Tax proposed to be purchased shall not exceed twenty-five Pounds, shall also give Notice in Writing to such Commissioners whether the Consideration is proposed to be in Stock or Money, and if in Money, then whether the same is proposed to be paid in one Slim or by Instalments, and also the Day or Days on which the same is proposed to be paid; and the said lull mentioned Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to examine and amend such Certificate, if necessary, and thereupon to cause Notice in Writing to be fixed on the Church Door of the Parish or Place where the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, the Land Tax whereon shall be so proposed to be purchased, shall be situate, of the Offer made to purchase such Land Tax, at least fourteen Days before any Contract shall be entered into by them for the Sale thereof; and in case no other Offer or Offers shall be made within the said Period of fourteen Days, by any other Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, to purchase such Land 'Pax fora higher Price exceeding the Price offered to be given by such first mentioned Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons by one Pound per Centum at the least upon the Amount of the Stock or Money so offered to be transferred or paidas the Price for the fame, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said last mentioned Commissioners to contract and agree with the Bodies Politick and Corporate, or Companies, and other Person or Persons iirtl offering to purchase such Land Tax,

chafe of such Land Tax, shall not be U fi in Slock oi Money, than for Redemption by Paines entitled to Pi <*-fei e-ncc,

§ 11, 23.) trans-U1 able or payable at once, or within one Year, by not more than lour nit aim tills.

Perf >ns desirous of tun dialing 1? all produce to Cotnnillioners of L nd Tax a Statement of the Amount, fee. of 1 he Land Tax. Such Commis-: nc tt, ice. shall a fee ruin and certify the Amount accoicing to Schedule (A.)

(I'nr icv, J\ e

h »*j-J

On producing Ceil ideate, &r. t .Commissioners so executing this Act (win* mjy amend the fame, they shall c.'use Notice of 1 Ik Other to he fixed on the C hu: eh Dooi lor 14 Days.

1) within that Time no Otfer hi^hci !>v il.per Cent, shall be made, they may contract lot Sa e; hut it uh h l»i. her Offer shall I e made, the Coin-

5^4

iti'Toners shall

corn j<5> with the f*rtv making it.

U; iouProdullion i.f the Contract at the Bank, and transfciring the 'Uxk, or to the Receiver General, &c. and Payment of the Cmlideiation, the Party shall be entitled to Certificates; and on Regiftty of the Contract and Certificate, [S^e^38. 164.] the Lands shall be exonerated from the Land Tax, and the Puieh 1-fer entitled to a .Fee Farm Rent out of the Land* equal to the Land Tax redeemed.

Sale of Lind Tax shall not affclt the Ri^ht to Arrears.

On the Desire of the Per Km beneficially intereded in the Lands, the Commi Toners may order the whole Fee Farm Rent to be paid out of any Part of the Lands, equal in annual Value to three Times the Rent;

such Part shall be separately described in the Contrail.

C. 116. -42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

Tax, for the Sale thereof, according to the Directions of this Act; but if any other Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, shall within such Period as aforesaid offer to purchase such Land Tax at a higher Price exceeding the Offer so first made by one Pound per Centum upon the Amount of such Stock or Money at the least, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Commissioniers, and they are hrrebv required to contract and agree for the Sale of such Land Tax to the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or other Person or Persons who shall within such Period offer the higheil Price for the Purchase thereof, and the said Commissioners shall cause to be inserted in ever)' such Contract the Description of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and other Particulars relative thereto, herein-before directed to be inserted in such Certificates; and upon the Production of such Contract at the Bank of England, in Cases where the Consideration shall be in Stock, and upon the Transfer to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, of the three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, to be transferred as the Consideration for the Purchase of such Land Tax, or of such Proportion of such Bank Annuities as shall have been agreed to be transferred as the first Instalment thereof, being not Jess than one fourth Part of the whole Amount of such Bank Annuities; and in Cases where the Consideration shall be in Money, then upon the Production of such Contract to the Receiver General for the County, Riding, or Place in England, or his Deputy, or the Collector for the Shire, Stewartry, or Place in Scotland, where the Manors, =Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of which the Land Tax shall be so purchased shall be situate, and upon Payment to such Receiver General or his Deputy, or such Collector, of the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid as the Consideration for such Purchase, every such Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, or other Person or Persons, shall be entitled to the like Certificates or Receipts from the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and from every Receiver General or his Deputy, and Collector, as herein-before is directed in Cases of the Transfer or Payment of the Consideration for the Redemption of any Land Tax; and upon the Registry of such Contract, and also of the Certificate of such Comminiouers of Supply, or Chief Magistrate as aforesaid, in the Manner directed by this Act, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, the Land Tax whereof shall be so purchased, shall be wholly freed and exonerated from such Land Tax and all further Assessments thereof, and all Claims of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in rtfpcdl of the same, from the like Periods as are herein directed in Cases of Redemption of Land Tax; hut the respective Purchasers of such Land Tax, and their Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, shall, from such Period of Exoneration, be entitled to demand, have, and receive for their, his, or her own life for ever, and shall by virtue of this Act be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the actual Seisin and Possession of a yearly Rent or Sum as a Fee Farm Rent, equal in Amount to the Land Tax so purchased by him, her, or them, free of all Charges and Deductions whatever, to be issuing and payable out of the Manors, =Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, whereon the Land Tax so purchased was charged, on the same Days as such Land Tax was payable at the Time of the Purchase thereof; and such respective Purchasers, their Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, shall have Priority of Security on such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in respect of such annual Sum or Rent over every other Incumbrance thereon, and shall have and enjoy all such Powers, Remedies, Benefits, and Advantages, for the Recover)' thereof, whether by Action, Suit, Distress, or otherwise, as Landlords by Law have or can enjoy for the Recovery of Rents reserved on Leases: Provided always, that the Sale of any such Land Tax, and the Exoneration of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments therefrom, shall not in any Manner prejudice or aftedl the Right or Title of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to any Arrears of such Land Tax remaining unpaid up to the Period of such Exoneration, or prevent his Majesty, his H eirs or Successors, from using all such Ways and Means for recovering such Arrears, as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, could or might have used in case such Land Tax had not been fold.

CLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Proprietor or Proprietors, or Person or Persons beneficially interested in any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall stand settled or limited to or for the same Uses, Trulls, Intents, or Purposes, and in the same Order and Course of Limitation, and be subject to the same Charges, Liens, and Incumbrances, the Land Tax whereof shall have been purchased, or shall he proposed to be purchased, shall be dtfirous that such Land Tax shall, after the Purchase thereof as a Fee Farm Rent, be paid and borne out of any particular Part or Parts only of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and shall give Notice in Writing of fugh his, her, or their Desire, to the said Commissioners adliag in the Execution of tlm Act as lall aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order and direct that the Whole of such Fee Farm Rent, whether confiding of one or of several Assessments of Land Tax, shall in future be paid and borne out of any Part or Parts only, and out of what Part or Parts of the said Manors, =Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of which the Land Tax shall be so proposed to be purchased as aforesaid; and in every such Case the Part or Parts of such Manors, =Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, out of which such Fee Farm Rent shall be directed to be paid or borne, shall from thenceforth be exclusively subject thereto, and to the several Powers and Remedies for the Recovery thereof herein-before mentioned; and the Rest of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall from thenceforth for ever be wholly and absolutely freed and discharged, as well from the Fee Farm Rent acquired by such Purchase as from the Land Tax before charged thereon: Provided always, that the annual Value, to be let, of the Part or Parts of any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so made exclusively subject to the Payment of any such Fee Farm Rent as aforesaid, shall not be less in Amount than three Times the Amount of such Fee Farm Rent at the least: Provided also, that the Part or Parts of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so made exclusively subject to such Fee Farm Rent, and the Part or Parts discharged therefrom, shall be separately described and distinguished in the Contract, or where the Contract shall have been previously entered into, then in an Indorseinent thereon, or in a Schedule annexed thereto, under the Hands and Seals of any two or more of such Commissioners.

CLVL Ard

C.

CLVI. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate of the Contract for the Purchase of any such Land Form of Certifi-Tax shall be in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (D.) cate of Corn rads. See Schedule (13.)

CLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all and every Person and Owners «f furh Persons who shall become entitled to any Fee Farm Rent, by the Purchase of any Land Tax fold in pursuance^he Hn*

of the Provisiom of this Act, to bar and destroy any Entail thereof, which might have been barred by Recovery [^fn^ced cu-or Fine, by Deed acknowledged by such Person or Persons, and enrolled in one of his Majesty's Courts of Re- tolled, &c. cord at Westminster, or in the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster> or Durham, or in the Courts of Great Session in 1 Yales, or registered in the Office for registering Deeds in the Counties of Middlesex or York, as the Case shall require.

CLVIII. And be it further enacted, That where the Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Where Land Tenements, or Hereditaments, which are or shall be leased or demised at a Rack Rent for any Term or Number Tax shall he of Years, or from Year to Year, or at Will, shall be purchased by any Tenant or Lessee thereof, who shall not Pur<!^fed by a be bound by any Covenant or Agreement to pay the Land Tax during the Continuance of the Demise, it shall jt

be lawful for such Tenant or I.elite to retain out of the Rent referred or made payable on such Lease or De- j, e may retain rnife, during the Continuance thereof, the Amount of the Land Tax so purchased; and the Payment or Ten- the Amount out der of the Residue of such Rent shall be as valid and effectual to discharge such Tenant or Lessee, as the Pay- of the Rent, fuent or Tender of the whole Rent referred on such Lease would have been in case such Land Tax had not been

purs, ha fed.

CLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, and Feoffees and Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes (notwithstanding any Statutes of Mortmain, or other Statutes or Laws to the contrary), and also for all and every other Persons or Person who, by this Act, arc or is authorized to lay out or invefl any Personal Trull Property, or other Funds, in the Redemption of Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to lay out and invefl any such Personal Trull Property, or other Funds, under the like Restrictions and Regulations, in the Purchase of any Land Tax which shall be sold in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act; and the Amount of such Laud Tax shall, as a Fee Farm Rent, Hand settled and limited by virtue of this Act to such Uses, and subject to such Trulls, and for such Intents and Purposes, as the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging to such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other pubbciv Purposes, or other Person or Persons, the Land Tax whereof might have been redeemed by such lVrfoiv.il Trust Property or other Funds, by virtue of this Act, shall iland settled, limited, or subject to; and where any Personal Trust Property shall be subject to any Trust, to apply the same in the Purchase of Real Ellate, to be settled to or for any particular Urns, Intents, or Purposes, for the Benefit of any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or any Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons, it Avail be lawful to apply the same in the Purchase of any Land Tax to be sold under the Provisions of this Act; which Land Tax, when purchased, shall, as a Fee Farm Rent, Hand settled and limited to such Uses, and subject to such Trulls, and for such Intents and Purposes, to and for which such Real Dilate, if purchased, ought to have been conveyed, settled, and limited, according to the Terms of such Trull.

CLX. And be it further enacted, That where any Surplus Stock or Money arising by any Sale, Mortgage, Or Grant, made or to be made by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, for the Purpose of redeeming any Land Tax, shall remain, after referring so much thereof as shall be necessary to be transferred or paid as the Consideration for the Redemption of such Land Tax, it shall be lawful to apply such Surplus Stock or Money (but neverthelds under such Direction as is herein made necessary for any other Application of such Surplus), in the Purchase of any Land Tax as Fee Farm Rents under the Provisions of this Act, which shall when so purchased Hand settled and limited to, for, and upon the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, as the Hereditaments so fold, mortgaged, or charged, flood settled and limited.

CLXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, and for the Trustees for the Time being of any Trust: Property heretofore given by any Will, for therur-pose of being laid out in the Purchase of Lands or Impropriate Tythes for the Benefit of the Poor Clergy in England, respectively, to apply any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Funds which by this Act such Governors and Trustees respectively are empowered to apply in and for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on the Lands, Tythes, or Profits, of any Living or Livings herein mentioned, in the Purchase of any Land Tax which shall be sold in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, for the Purpose of augmenting any such Living or Livings which such Governors or Trustees respectively flrall think proper so to augment; and such Land Tax shall for ever after the Purchase thereof be annexed to such Living or Livings, and be issuing as a Fee Farm Rent out of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, whereon the same was charged at the Time of such Purchase, or such of them as shall remain chargeable therewith under the Provisions of this Act, for the Benefit of such Living or Livings, and be payable on the same Days as such Land Tax was payable, and the Incumbent or Incumbents for the Time being of such Living or Livings, shall have and enjoy the same Powers and Remedies, Benefits and Advantages, For the Recover)' thereof, whether by Action, Suit, Distrefi, or otherwise, as Landlords by Law have or can enjoy for the Recovery of Rents reserved on Leases; and every such Purchase of Land Tax by virtue of tint AS, for the Benefit of such Living or Livings, shall be deemed valid and efleSual in the Law, and equivalent, to all Intents, ConflruSions, and Purposes, to a Purchase or Purchases of Lands or Tythes for that Purpose, any Statutes of Mortmain, or other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding; and it shall also be lawful for the said Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, notwithstanding any such Statutes or Law to the contrary, to accept and take any Land 'Pax which shall have been so purchased as a Fee Farm Rent as aforesaid, and which shall be giveu or bequeathed to them by any Deed, Will, or otherwise, for the Purpose of

42 Giio. III. 4 F augmenting

Trust Property may be laid out by Corporations, &c. in put chafe of Land Tax (as well as Redemption, under $41, 42.), and the Amount as a Fee Farm Rem shall be settled, subject to the same Trulls.

Surplus arising from Sales, Seem for redeeming Land Tax, may be applied in purchasing Land Tax as a Fee Farm Rent.

Governors of Queen Anne's B<juntv, and other Trustees fit'- I'oor C'ergy (empowered to redeem Land Tax, fee §44, 4; .), may purchase Land T.; v, which shall ifL.e as a Fee Farm out of the Lands, and be annexed to the Living';

and to arrept from otlur* Land Tax so put chafed.

586

Gifu of Land Tax redeemed or pui chafed for Ausment.ition of Livings, shall be valid.

Fee for Certificate of Amount of Land Tax; js. [See §30.

154-3

Cur.tracts shall be registered, and three Duplicates made of the Amount,

&c. of Land Tax .redeemed; one lor Receiver General for the County, &c.ano-t her for the Commissioners of the Land Tax, and another for the King's Remembrancer.

Copies of the Reg iilers fit a 11 be good Evidence of Contras.

Where Purchasfers die without completing Contract^ the Instalments shall be paid out of the Aflfets, and if deficient the Contract may be sold:

But ff the Person who .'hall be come into Possessnn shall f>e de-firou? of taking the Contract, it may be aligned to him, whether there are Assets or not.

[Sec §91. as to tfij/ing Money to eomyh'te/Uch Af- signment.]

Assignees shall complete Contract*? on original Terms.

Time for Payment of Installments may be enlarged. [See h 169.]

On Default in fulfilling Contract!, Land Tax toll revive, and

C. 116. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

augmenting any such Living or Livings as aforesaid, and to apply the same for or towards the Augmentation of such Living or Livings accordingly, and the Incumbent or Incumbents for the Time being of such Living or Livings shall hold and enjoy such Land Tax, and all Powers and Remedies for the Recovery thereof, in the same Manner as if such Land Tax had been purchased by the said Governors, and annexed to such Living or Livings, in pursuance of this Act.

CLXII. And be it further enacted, That every Gift or Disposition of any Land Tax which shall have been redeemed under the Provisions of the said recited Acts, or which shall be redeemed or purchased under the P10-visions of this Act, made by the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by Deed, Will, or otherwise, for the Augmentation of any Living or Livings whatever, shall be valid and effectual; and such Land Tax shall be held and enjoyed by or for the Benefit of the Incumbent or Incumbents for the Time being, of the Living or Livirgs which shall be so augmented thereby, according to the Tenor of such Deed, Will, or Instrument of Gift; any Statutes of Mortmain or other Statute or Law to the contrary' notwithstanding.

CLXIII. And be it further enacted, That no greater Fee or Reward shall be taken or demanded by any Clerk to the Commissioners of Laud Tax or Supply, or Chief Magistrate of any City or Borough, for any Certificate of the Amount of any Laud Tax granted under the Authority of this Act, than one Shilling, in respect of each Sum so certified.

CLXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Contra£l entered into in pursuance of this Act for the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax charged as aforesaid, shall, before the Transferor Payment of the Second Instalment of Stock or Money to be made thereon or within three Calendar Months from the Time of making the Transferor Payment of Stock or Money thereon in case the whole Consideration shall be transferred at one Time, be registered with the proper Officer appointed or to be appointed for that Purpose; which Registers shall be made in Books to be provided and kept by such Officer, and the said Officer is hereby required to make out three Duplicates on Parchment fairly written, under his Hand and Seal, of the several Amounts of the said Land Tax so redeemed or purchased, and exonerated, distinguishing the several Parishes and Places where the same shall have been asseflTed, and to deliver or cause to be delivered tine of such Duplicates to the Receiver General for the County, Riding, or Place where such Land Tax shall have been charged, and one other of such Duplicates to the Commissioners of Land Tax acting for the Division where the Parish or Place in which such Land Tax shall have been charged is situated, and a like Duplicate into the Office of the King's Remembrancer of the Exchequer, whenever the same shall be required.

CLXV. And be it further enacted, That every Copy of the Register of any Contrail made in pursuance of this A<fl, and registered according to the Directions thereof with the proper Officer appointed for that Purpose, which shall be signed by him, shall be allowed in all Courts and Places, and before all Persons, to be good and Sufficient Evidence of such Contra£l.

CLXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall have entered into any Contrail for the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax, by virtue of the said recited AcTs or of this Act, shall have died or shall die before the Transfer or Payment of all the Instalments of the Consideration contracted to be transferred or paid by him or her, without having made any Provision by Will or otherwise, how the future Instalments mall be made good, then and in such Case the future Instalments shall be paid out of the Assets of the Person3 so dying, as a Debt to his Majesty upon Record, and the Executors or Administrators of the Person so dying, and the Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians, Tutor or Tutors, Curator or Curators, of any Infant, Minor, or other Person entitled to the Estate and Effects of the Person so dying, shall be indemnified against such Infant or Minor, and all other Persons whomfever, for making good the Instalments necessary to complete the said Contra6l; and if such Executor or Administrator, Trustee, Guardian, Tutor, or Curator, shall not have Assets for that Purpose, then they shall and may, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to fell, assign, and dispose of the said Contrail: Provided always, that when the Person so dying shall have contracted for such Land Tax, under the Benefit of Preference given by the said recited Acts or this Act, without having the absolute Estate or Interest in the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-mentd whereon the same was charged, and the Person or Persons having the next immediate beneficial Estate or Interest in Succession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, and wmich shall have become vested in Possession by reason of the Determination of the preceding Estate or Interest of the Person so dying, or his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, or Tutor or Tutors, in Cases of Infancy, or Committee or Committees, or Curator or Curators, in Cases of Lunacy, shall be desirous of taking an Assignment of such Contrail in order to complete the same, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Executors or Administrators of the Person so dying, to fell and assign such Contrail to the Person or Persons whose Estates shall so have become vested in Possession, or the Guardian or Guardians, Tutor or Tutors, Committee or Committees, Curator or Curators, of such Person or Persons, on his, her, or their Behalf, whether such Executors or Administrators shall have in their Hands Assets of the deceased Person or not: Provided also, that the Person or Persons to whom such Contrail shall be assigned, shall be bound to complete the same, upon the same Terms and Conditions, by the same Instalments, and at the same Periods, and in the same Manner, and have and be entitled to the same Benefits and Advantages as the Person so dying would have been bound to complete the same, or would have been entitled to, in case he or she had been then living: Provided always, that the respective Courts of Exchequer, or the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, may in all such Cases give the like Relief, by enlarging the Time for making good any future Instalment or Instalments, as they are hereby authorized to do in Cafe3 of Forfeiture through the Default of the Party.

CLXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, after entering into any stich Contrail as aforesaid for the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax, shall afterwards neglect or refuse to complete the same by the due and regular Transfer or Payment of the Consideration (whether by Instalments or other-wife} agreed to be made thereon, then and in every such Case, and immediately after Default shall be made

in

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 116.

587

in the Transfer or Payment of such Confine ration, or any Part thereof, such Contract shall become null and void, and the Whole of the Land Tax so contracted for shall be revived and again become chargeable on the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whereon the same was charged prior to such Central, and such Land Tax (whether the same shall have been redeemed or purchased) shall be again assessed, raised, levied, and collected, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or be again sold by the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Aid, by virtue of his Majesty's Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, in the same Manner as if such Contract had not been entered into; and the Person or Persons so making Default shall, for the Non-performance of the Contract, be subject to a Penalty not exceeding one Sixteenth-part of the Consideration agreed to be transferred or paid on such Contract; and in Cases where the Consideration to be transferred shall be three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, and no Part thereof shall have been transferred, the Amount of the Penalty shall be the Value of such Sixteenth-part of the Consideration, according to the average Price of three Pouifds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities on the Day on which the Transfer of such Consideration, or the first Instalment thereof, ought to have been made; or in case the Books for entering Transfers of such Annuities shall then be (hut, then according to the average Price of three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities on such Day,

CLXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Land Tax shall have been, or shall be revived and again become chargeable on any Manois, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, the Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply asking in and for the Division or Place, County or Stewartry, or the Chief Magistrate of the City or Borough within which such Manors, MeGuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be situate, or any three of them, shall and they are hereby required, within six Calendar Months after such Land Tax shall be so revived, to deliver or cause to be deli vert d a Schedule or Duplicate in Parchment, under their Hands and Seals, to the Receiver General for the County, Riding, Division, or Place, if in England, or his Deputy, or to the Receiver General, if in Scotland, and shall transmit or cause to be transmitted a like Schedule or Duplicate into the King's Remembrancer's Office, if in England, and to the Barons of the Exchequer, if in Scotland; which Schedule or Duplicate shall contain and specify the Amount of the Land Tax so revived and again become chargeable, and the Year in which, and the Period from whence such Land Tax shall have been revived; and in case such Land Tax shall have become revived from any Period preceding the Commencement of the Year in and for which such Schedule or Duplicate shall be made out as aforesaid, Inch Schedule or Duplicate shall also contain and specify the Amount of the Arrears of such Land Tax up to the Commencement of such Year as aforesaid; distinguishing the Amount of the Land Tax so revived and again become chargeable, from the Amount of such Arrears as aforesaid.

CLXIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Contract shall become forfeited, it shall be lawful for the Courts of Exchequer in England and Scotland respectively, on the Application of the Person or Persons

prejudiced by

Defaulter shall be fuhj<A to a Penalty not exceeding one Sixteenth of the Confidential!.

Hour such Penalty shall be calculated.

Where Land Tax shall revive, Commissioners of Land Tax, &c. shall, within six Months, deliver a Schedule to the Receiver General, and transmit a Duplicate to the Kind's Remembrancer irrEnglanid, or Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, specifying the Amounl, &c.

who shall have incurred such Penalty as aforesaid, or any other Person or Persons who may be prcjudic such Default, by Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, dating the Grounds of such Application, to en-

On such Forfeitures, Courts of Exchequer may enlarge the Time for making in-

large the Time for making good any subsequent Id Raiment or Inffalments, and to grant such Relief to the flalments, and Party or Parties as to the said Courts respectively shall seem meet, upon Payment of all Colls and upon such other Terms and Conditions as to such Courts respectively shall appear reasonable: Provided always, that where the Amount or Value of the Penalty incurred shall not exceed the Sum of fifty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes (with the Approbation of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury), to enlarge the Time for making good any such subsequent Instalment or Inilalments, or to grant such other Relief to the Party or Parties as to the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes (with such Approbation as aforesaid) shall seem meet.

CLXX. And be it further enacted, That where any Contract, made under and by virtue of this Act, shall have become null and void as aforesaid, and no Prosecution for the Penalty shall have been brought, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and for the Receivers General in England and Collectors in Scotland respectively, and they are hereby required, in Cases where any Instalment or Inflal-ments shall have been transferred or paid on such Contract, to reserve to the Use of the Publick such Part of the Consideration under such Contract as shall be equal to the Penalty incurred, and on Demand thereof made to transfer or pay the Remainder thereof to the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons interested in such Stock or Money, their, his, or her Successors, Executors, Administrators, or

Assigns. re-transl'cr the Remainder,

CLXXI. And be it further enacted, That where any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Where Stuck ha# Person or Persons have transferred or may hereafter transfer to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the Na- been improper-tional Debt, on account of the Redemption of Land Tax, any Consolidated or Reduced three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, which ought not to be transferred for that Purpose, or have paid or shall hereafter pay into the Bank of England any Sum or Sums of Money by Way of Intensity which ought not to have been

io paid, then, and in such Case, upon a Certificate ligned by any three or more of the Commissioners for the

Affairs of Taxes, that such Bank Annuities ought not to have been so transferred, or that such Monies ought not to have been so paid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, or any one or more of them, or for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as the Case shall require, and they respectively are hereby required to re-transfer the said Bank Annuities, or to repay, out of any Monies in the Hands of such Governor and Company on account of Interest under this Act, the said Monies unto the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons by whom or on whose Account the same were transferred or paid to them respectively; and wherever it shall appear, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, that any Sum or Sums of Money shall have been paid to any Receiver General or his Deputy, on account of the Redemption of Land Tax, or on account of Interest, which ought not to have been Io paid, then it shall be lawful for the said CoQumilionen for the Affairs of

4 E 2 Taxe

grant Relief. Where Penalty does not exceed 50l. Tax Office, with Approbation of tkeTrea-fury, may grant Relief.

Where Penalty on Dclault hat not been prosecutedlur, Commissioners for National Debt, Src.may reserve the Amount out of any Jnital-nients made, and

ly transferred, or Money paid to the Bank for Intereil, such Stock may be re-transferred, &c. on Ceitifi-ca te from Ta* Office; % ho may also di-edfc Receiveis General to lepay Monies iniprvp periy paid.

538

Where Stock shall be re-transferred, the Dividends shall be iITued and payable as il' there had been no Transfer to the Commissioners lor the National Debt.

Contracts, Alignments, Copies of Regis-ter, Certificates, Transfer*, Letters of Attorney; and Affidavits exempted from Stamp Duty, f And ftr 68.

Si. 107.]

Where Collectors of Land Tax in Scotland have not entered into Bond, under 39 Geo. c. 40. they shall enter into Bonds hereby required for paying to Receiver General Monies received by such Collectors.

Frefent Bonds /Hall continue in force.

On Default of such Security, Commissioners for Redemption, fee. shall certify tire same to the Barons of the Exchequer, who ftinll order Con-tideiaiion in Money for Rede inption or Fuichjfe of Laud Tax to be paid to the Receiver General.

Frocks against Coliertujs failing to pay over Monty to Receivers General.

C. 116.

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

Taxes, or any three or more of them, to order and direct such Receiver General or his Deputy, to repay all such Monies to the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons who shall appear to have paid the same; and the Receipt and Receipts of such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, and other Person or Persons, shall be sufficient Discharges for such Bank Annuities so re-transferred, or Monies so repaid as aforesaid.

CLXXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Bank Annuities shall have been or shall be transfer* rable to any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons under the Order and Direction of the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, by virtue of his Majesty's Letters Patent under the Great Seal, or the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes respectively, or without any such Order or Direction, in Cases where any Contract shall have become null and void, all such Dividends or Arrears of Dividend shall be issued from the Receipt of the Exchequer, and be payable at the Bank of England for and in respect of the said Bank Annuities, which shall have been or shall be re-transferred by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, to any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, as would have been payable thereon in case the same Bank Annuities had not been transferred to the said lad mentioned Commissioners.

CLXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Contract entered into for the Redemption or Purchase cf any Land Tax, nor any Assignment of any such Contract or Land Tax, by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, nor any Copy of the Regiller thereof, nor any Certificate or Receipt which shall be given by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, nor any Transfer of any Stock in the Funds which shall be made Ly virtue of the said recited Acts or of thifr Act, to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, nor any Letter of Attorney authorizing any Person or Persons to transfer any such Stock to the said Commissioners, or to accept any such Stock previously to and for the Purpose of transferring the same to them, nor any Affidavits whatever to be made in pursuance of the said recited Aft3 or of this Act, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever.

CLXXIV. And be it further enacted, That where the respective Collectors of Cefsor Land Tax appointed or to be appointed in the several Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Burghs, and Places in Scotland, shall act in pursuance of the said recited Act of the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for amending so much of the said three iirft recited Acts as relates to Scotland, shall not have entered into such Bonds to the respective Commissioners as are therein mentioned, such Collectors respectively shall within forty Days after the passing of this Act, or after they shall be so respectively appointed, as the Case .may be, and before they or any of them shall receive any Monies to be paid as the Consideration for the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax, in pursuance of this Act, enter into Bonds to the said respective Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, or any three or more of them, in such Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Burghs, and Places, with such good and sufficient Caution as the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland shall require, binding him or them, and his or their Sureties, conjunctly and severally, for his and their duly paying to the Receiver General for Scotland at Edinburgh, at such Times after the Receipt thereof as the said Barons shall direct to be inserted in such Bonds, all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be paid to them in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or either of them, or this Act, for the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax, under a Penalty of two hundred Pounds Sterling, over and above Performance, and which Bonds the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to take; and the said respective Commissioners shall forthwith cause the said Bonds to be delivered^to the Receiver General at Edinburgh, or not being delivered to such Receiver General, shall cause the same to be registered in the Books of Council and Session, and Extracts thereof to be delivered to the said Receiver General at Edinburgh; and all such Bonds already entered into by such Collectors or their respective Sureties as are now in force shall continue in force for the Purposes of this Act, in like Manner as if the same had been respectively entered into after the passing of this Act.

CLXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Collector or Collectors in any Shire, Stewartry, Burgh, oT Place, shall fail or neglect to enter into such Bond as aforesaid within the Period herein-before mentioned, the said Commissioners shall, immediately after the Expiration of the said forty Days, certify such Failure or Neglect to the said Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and it shall thereupon be lawful for the said Barons, and they are hereby required, upon the Receipt of such Certificate, to order and direct that the Consideration for the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax in such Shire, Stewarty, City, Burgh, or Place, where the same shall be in Mom v, shall be paid to the Receiver General, or his Deputy or Dep uties, at Edinburgh, or to such Person or Persons in such Shire, Stewartry, City, Burgh, or Place, as he shall appoint to receive the same; and after such Order or Direction, all and every Person and Persons, Bodies, Corporations, and Companies, who shall contract for the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax, the Consideration for the Redemption or Purchase whereof shall be in Money, shall pay such Consideration to such Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, or such Person or Persons as he shall appoint to receive the same as a fore f : id; and the Certificate or Receipt of such Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, or such Person or Persons as aforesaid (and which he and they are hereby empowered and directed to give), shall be as valid ami effectual in all Respects as the Receipt of any Collector is by the said Act directed to be, in case such Consideration-was paid to a Collector in pursuance of the said recited Act.

CLXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where any such Collector or Collectors shall fail or neglect to pay over to the said Receiver General at Edinburgh, or his Deputy cr Deputies, any such Sum or Sums of Money within such Number of Days after the same shall be received by him or them as aforesaid, as shall be specifieil in the Bond entered into by such Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, the said Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies may present the Bond, or an Extract thereof, to any one or more of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, with a Petition, Hating the Sum due and not accounted for by such Collector or Collectors, and praying for a Horning or other competent and legal Process of Court

upon

c.

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 116.

589

upon such Bond or Extract, making Oath that the Sum flated in the Petition is due and not accounted for; and the Baron or Barons to whom such Petition shall b<f presented, may thereupon order a Horning or other competent and legal Process of Court to issue, and which Process of Court may be proceeded in by Arrest-ment, Poinding, Denunciation, Caption, Imprisonment, and otherwise, for recovering from such Collector or Culleftors, and his, her, or their Surety or Sureties, the Sums due from such Collector or Collectors, and for the Penalty of two hundred Pounds in such Bond, over and above the Sums so due as aforesaid; or the Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, upon making Oath to the Sums due and unaccounted for, shall be at Liberty to proceed to the recovering the Payment thereof, and of the Penalty in the Bond, by any Process for recovering Payment of Debts due to his Majesty, according to the Course of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

CLXXVII. ' And whereas by the said recited Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, it is enacted, That every Receiver General in England* Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, upon the Receipt of the whole Assessments of the County, Riding, City, or Town, for which he is appointed Receiver General (in case he shall have received

the several Duplicates of each Parish and Place therein, and that Duplicates shall be returned to the Office

of his Majesty's Remembrancer of the Exchequer, and not otherwise), shall allow and pay, according to

such Warrant as shall be given in that Behalf by the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them,

three Halfpence in the Pound, and no more, to the Commissioners Clerks, for their Pains in fair writing ' the AfTcfluients, Duplicates, and Copies therein-before directed, and all Warrants, Orders, and Instructions

relating thereto: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether, under the said Provision, such Receivers General ' are authorized to allow and pay to the said Clerks three Halfpence in the Pound upon such Land Tax, as 1 hath been or shall from Time to Time be redeemed be it therefore enacted, That so long as a Duplicate of the Land Tax charged upon any Parish or Place in respect of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments therein, shall, under the Provisions of the said last mentioned Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign and of this Act, be required to be delivered to any such Receiver General, it shall be lawful for any such Receiver General in England, Wales, 'and Berwick-upon-Tweed, and he is hereby required, upon the Receipt of the whole Assessments of the County, Riding, or Place, for which he shall be Receiver, in case he shall have received such Duplicates as aforesaid, and the same shall be returned to the Office of his Majesty's Remembrancer of the Exchequer, pursuant to the Directions of the said last mentioned Act, to-allow and pay to the tespective Clerks for the Time being to the Commissioners of Land Tax, who shall have delivered such Duplicates three Halfpence in the Pound, as well upon the Amount of Land Tax which (hair have been redeemed or purchased in such respective Parities or Places, as upon so much of the Land Tax as shall remain chargeable therein: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, whenever they shall think fit, to order and direct that the said Allowance of three Halfpence in the Pound shall cease to be

Eaid, for or in respect of so much of the said Land Tax as shall have been redeemed or purchased; any Thing erein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. Jowance to ccafe on I and Tax

CLXXVIII. 1 And whereas by the said last mentioned Act, it is enacted, that no Receiver whatsoever of any Monies granted by the said Act to be raised in England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, or any Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of such Receiver, should in any Account of the Monies wherewith such Receiver should be chargeable, unless such Account should be declared and passed in the Exchequer within two Years at the farthest after the twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, be allowed or admitted to be set insuper, or charge any County, Division, or Place in England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, for any Monies granted by the said Act w'hich should be in Arrear and unpaid, but that the same should remain a Debt upon every such Receiver, to be answered by him and his Securities, his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, Lands, Tenements, Goods, and Chattels respectively; which Provision applies only to the Monies directed to be raised for the Year ending the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine: And whereas by the said recited Act of the forty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, sin Act for extending the Period of Preference granted and continued by federal Acts to Bodies Corporate, and Persons, for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and to amend an Act of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, it was enacted, that no such Receiver should, in his or their Account of the Monies, which under and by virtue of the said last mentioned Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, were to be raised in or for the respective Years ending the twrenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred, and One thousand eight hundred and one, be allowed or admitted to set insuper, or charge any County, Division, or Place in England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, for any of the said Monies which should be in Arrear and unpaid, unless such Account should be declared and passed in the Exchequer within two Years at the farthest after the Expiration of such Years, nor to set insuper, or charge any such County, Division, or Place in any Account of the Monies which, under and by virtue of the h id last mentioned Act, should be to be raised in or for any Year after the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and one, for any of the said Monies which should be in Arrear and unpaid, unless such Account should be declared and passed in the Exchequer, within two Years after the Commencement of the Year (every such Year commencing from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March), in and for which such Monies should be to be raised; but all such Monies in Arrear should remain a Debt upon every such Receiver, to be answered by him and his Securities, his and their Executors and Administrators Lands, Tenements, Goods, and Chattels respectively: And whereas it is expedient that other Provision/ should be made in this Behalf, in regard to Monies raised, and to be raised for any Year commencing after the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine be it therefore enacted,

That

38 Geo.

(§ 1+)

3- c. 5.

So long as Duplicate of the Land Tax shall be required under said A<fl to he delivered to Receiver General, he shall allow Clerk to the Commissioners of Land Tax icL 2q. per ^.as well on the Tax redeemed, fee. aS that remaining chargeable. Treasury may order such A I. redeemed, fee. 38 Geo. 3. c. 5* [§ 112.]

41 Geo. 3. (U. A\). c. 72. $ 3.

No Rev river in his Account oi Land Tax i*>t the Yeats end«

42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

ing March i«; , 1800, and i8or, shall be allowed to set insuper, or charge any Place in England, for Money in A m ar, unlcfi his Account be passed within three Tears, nor for any subsequent Year unless his Account be p; d.fed within iwo Years.

Conditions of Receivers Bonds shall relate to the Period in this Act.

The whole Land Ta* .charged on any Place shall be inserted in the Xeitificate of Assessment, so long as any Part shall remain payable.

r*&« $4o.j

Lands nyt exonerated, fli.tll be fu!; je«ft to a yearly A lie ff-ment not exceeding 4s. in the Pound, on the Value under 3S Geo. 3. c. 5. On Delivery of Certificates, &c. to Collectors, they shall be directed to return Amount of Land Tax redeemed.

How such Lands it) Scotland shall -be assessed.

If any Assessment shall exceed 4s. per £. it shall be subject to Abatement, as under 38 Geo. 3. c. 5.^84. and Duplicates thereof returned as ino-therCafes under $ 8. of that Act. Whenever the whole Land Tax in any I lace shall be redeemed, &c. Assessmentslhallccale.

Treasury may pay Salaries and Expences to the Commissioner«, &c. not exceeding 3d. in the Pound, to the Commissioners, on the Land Tax fold.

That no such Receiver, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, shall in his or their Account of the Monies which under and by virtue of the said lull recited Act, were to be raised in and for the respective Years ending the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred, and One thousand eight hundred and one, be allowed or admitted to set insuper, or charge any County, Division, or Place in England, /Vales, or the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed* for any of the said Monies which shall be in Arrear and unpaid, unless such Account shall be declared and passed in the Exchequer, within three Years at the farthest after the Expir-nitm of such Years, nor to set insuper, or charge any such County, Division, or Place, in any Account of the Monies which, under and by virtue of the said Act, shall be to be raised in and for any Year after the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and one, or any of the said Monies which shall Lc in Arrear and unpaid, unless such Account shall be declared and passed in the Exchequer within two Year? after the Expiration of the Year (every such Year commencing from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March), in and for which such Monies shall be to be raised; but all such Monies in Arrear shall remain a Debt upon every such Receiver, to be answered by him and his Securities, his and their Executors and Administrators, Lands, Tenements, Goods, and Chattels respectively.

CLXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Conditions of all Bonds to his Majesty which have been entered into by such Receivers General, or their respective Sureties, and are now in force, in regard to the receiving, accounting for, and paying the Land Tax within the Period specified in the said last recited Act, shall relate respectively to the Period specified in this Act, in like Manner as if such Bonds had been entered into after the passing of this Act, and in pursuance thereof.

CLXXX. And be it further enacted, That the Whole of the Land Tax charged on any Parish or Place shall (notwithstanding the Discharge of any Part thereof) continue to be inserted in the Certificates of Assessment to be signed by the Commissioners of the Land Tax, so long as any Part of the Proportion of Land Tax charged and chargeable in such Parish or Place shall remain payable in such Parish or Place, cither to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or to any Person or Persons who shall have redeemed any Land Tax by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, and shall have declared an Option*in their Contrafts respectively, to be considered on the same Footing as Persons not interested; and that all such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall not have been exonerated by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, from the Land Tax, shall continue subject to a new Assessment yearly and from Year to Year, by an equal Rate, according to the annual Value of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, not exceeding in one Year the Rate of four Shillings in the Pound on such annual Value; and that such Part of the said Land Tax which shall remain payable as aforesaid in any Parish or Place, shall be raised, levied, collected, and received in such and the like Form and Manner, and under such Penalties', Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according to such Rules, Methods, and Directions, as if the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments charged with the Land Tax so remaining payable as aforesaid, formed an entire Parish or Place, and as are prescribed, directed, and appointed by the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, with respect to the Quota of each Parish or Place: Provided always, that upon the Delivery of the Certificates and Precepts to the several Collectors, for the raising, levying, collecting, and recovering such Part of the said Land Tax as shall so remain payable in such Parish or Place, the said Collectors shall be directed to return in their Schedule to the Receiver General for the County, Riding, or Place, the Amount of the Land Tax which shall have been redeemed in such Parish or Place, and from the Payment of which such Parish or Place shall have been exonerated: Provided also, that if any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are situated in Scotland, the same shall continue subject to a new Assessment yearly and from Year to Year, according to the Rates and in the Manner established by Law or Custom in that Country.

CLXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Assessment of Land Tax which shall continue to be charged in pursuance of this Act, shall at any Time hereafter be found to exceed the Rate of four Shillings in the Pound on the annual Value of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whereon the same shall be charged, such Land Tax shall be subject to an Abatement, in the Manner in such Cases directed by the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax; and that after such Abatement made, an Assessment, specifying such Abatement, shall be made thereof accordingly, and the Commissioners making such Assessment shall cause Duplicates thereof to be returned to the said Receivers General, the C01 missioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and the Offices of the King's Remembrancer at Westminster and Edinburgh respectively, and in the Manner therein directed in other Cases of Assessments.

CLXXXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever in any Parish or Place separately assessed to the Land Tax, the Whole of the Land Tax charged upon the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in such Parish or Place shall have been redeemed or purchased, and all the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments therein shall be exonerated, under and by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, from the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money a3 Land Tax, all Assessments in such Parish or Place by virtue of this Act shall cease and determine.

CLXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to order and direct any Sum or Sums of Money to be issued and paid out of any Monies in the Hands of any Receiver or Receivers, or any publick Monies in the Exchequer, or any Aids or Supplies granted or to be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year in which such Expences shall be incurred, for the Payment of the Allowances herein after directed to the Commissioners for the Time being' acting in the Execution of this Act, by virtue of his Majesty's Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, and also for the Payment of Salaries to any Secretaries, Clerks, and other Officers acting in the Execution thereof, and for discharging such incidental

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 116. 591'

Expences as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer, shall from Time to Time think {it and reasonable in that Behalf: Provided always, that no greater Sum shall be paid to the said Commissioners so acting in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid, than after the Rate of three Pence in the Pound on the Amount of the Land Tax sold by them, to be paid to and Amongst them in equal Proportions: Provided also, that an Account of all such Expences shall be annually laid before Parliament: Provided also, that such Expences shall not be liable to account, otherwise than before the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the Time being.

CLXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Notice required to be given by this Act cannot be delivered to the Person or Persons to whom such Notice is directed, it shall be sufficient for the Party obliged to give such Notice, to leave the same at the last or most usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons to whom such Notice is given, if such Person or Persons shall be in Great Britain, or if such Person or Persons shall be beyond the Seas, then to publish the same in the London Gazette: Provided always, that all Notices whatever which shall have been given or delivered pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Acts, or any of them, shall be valid and effectual for the Purposes of this Act.

CLXXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Acceptance of any Commission from his Majesty in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or any of them, or of this Act, shall not vacate the Seat of any Person returned to serve in Parliament, nor shall the Election of any Person who hath accepted or who shall accept any such Commission be in any Manner impeached thereby, or made void; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that the Acceptance of the Office of a Commissioner for the Redemption or Sale of I^md Tax under the said recited Acts or this Act, shall not, by reason of any Allowance for executing the fame, be deemed, taken, or construed to be a Place or Employment of Profit under his Majesty, notwithstanding the Appointment shall be by Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, but that the same shall be deemed, taken, and construed to be a Place or Employment under the Authority of this Act to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not impeach any Claim or Title which such Commissioners may have to any other Allowance whatever under his Majesty.

CLXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That when any Capital Stock of three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities shall, by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, be transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, the Interest or Dividends which shall have been payable on such Stock shall from thenceforth cease to be issued from the Receipt of the Exchequer, or to be charged on the Consolidated Fund, and the Money which would have been applicable to the Payment thereof, shall remain and be a Part of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, to be applied in such Manner as Parliament shall from Time to Time direct.

CLXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Sums of Money arising from the Produce of the Duty by the said first recited Act for the Redemption of the Land Tax, quade perpetual as aforesaid, which shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer in any Year, shall, from Time to Time, be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain,

CLXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any two of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for the Time being, to execute and do all Matters and Things which by this Act the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt are required and empowered to do.

CLXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures to be sued for by the Party aggrieved, by virtue of this Act, shall and may be sued for by Action of Debt, or on the Case, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Law in England and Scotland respectively, holding Pleas to the Amount of forty Shillings; in which Action or Suit the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be entitled to his, her, or their full Costs, as in other Cases in the said Courts; and that one Moiety of all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures hereby imposed, other than to the Party aggrieved, where the Amount or Value of the same shall exceed the Sum of fifty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, shall, if sued for within the Space of six Calendar Months from the Time of Aich Penalties or Forfeitures being incurred, be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same within the Time

Account of Expences shall be laid before Parliament.

Service of Notices, Sec,

Commissiong shall not vacate Seats in Parliament; nor shall the Office of a Commissioner he deemed a Place of Profit under his Majesty.

When any Slock is transferred to Commissioners for National Debt, the Dividends thereon shall ccafe.

Land Tax not redeemed, Sec, shall be carried to Britishi Con-felidated Fund. Two Commissioners for National Debt may act.

Recovery and Application of Penalties to Party grieved; other Penalties above 50L if within six Months. [See

§ >9*0

aforesaid, and which shall and may be sued for in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, for Offences committed in England, or in his Majesty's Courts of Exchequer in Scotland, for Offences committed in Scotland\ by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, where no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; but nevertheless it shall be lawful for his Majesty's Attorney General in England, or his Majesty's Advocate in Scotland, in case it shall appear to his Satisfaction that any such last mentioned Penalty or Forfeiture was incurred without Intention of Fraud, to llay all further Proceedings, by entering a nolipro/equinr otherwise, with respect as well to the Share of such Penalty or Forfeiture claimed by such Informer or Informers, as to the Share thereof belonging to his Majesty.

CXC. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Amount or Value of any Penalties or Forfeitures (other than to the Party aggrieved) already incurred under the said recited Acts, or to be incurred under this Act, shall not exceed the Sum of fifty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, it shall be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or Place, wherein the Party incurring such Penalty or Forfeiture shall reside, to hear and determine any Matter subjecting such Party to any such Penalty or Forfeiture as aforesaid under the said recited Acts or this Act; which said Justices of the Peace are hereby authorized and required, upon any Information exhibited, to summon the Party and also the Witnesses on either Side, and examine into the Matter of Fadl; and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party, or by Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgment for the Penalty or Forfeiture according to the Proviftous of this Act, and to award and issue their War-

6 rant

Attorney General, & c. may flay Proceedings.

Penalties not exceeoing 50l. (other than to the Party ag-gi ieved) may be recovered betl>: e fwo Justices, by Difirefs and Sale, or fix Morula Impugnment,

592

Appeal to next

(*j> fublequeiu) Quarter hellions.

Co ft*.

Penalty on Witnesses refusing to appear, &c. 409.

Afterfix Months, Penalties (other than to the Party grieved) shall be recoverable only in the Name of the Attorney General, See. and paid as directed by Tax Office, who may reward the Informer,

Penalty of

'Perjury on Persons giving false Evidence,

Purging, Sec. any Contract, Alignment, Certificate, or Receipt, Felony without Clergy.

Lirrdwtion of

A6i y'rt, six Months.

C. 116. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

rant under their Hands and Seals for the levying any such Penalty or Forfeiture so adjudged, on the G oda of the Party incurring the fame, and to cause Sale to be made thereof in case they shall not he redeemed within six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any; and where the Goods of fhch Party cannot be found sufficient to answer the Penalty, to commit him or her to Prison, there to remain for six Months, u Fiefs such Penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if any Person or Persons shall find ii.mielf, heifilf, or tium-selves aggrieved, by the Judgment of any such Justices, then he, (lie, or th -y shall ard may (upon giving Security to the Amount of the Value 01 such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such Colts as shall be award.-d in case such Judgment shall be affirmed) appeal to ti e Justices of the Peace at the next General (Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, or Place, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame; and in case the Judgment of such Justices shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions, to award the Person or Persons to pay the Cods occasioned by such Appeal, as to them shall seem meet: Provided always, that if the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall fall within six Days after such Conviction, it shall and may be lawful for the Person so convicted, if he shall think tit, (giving such Security as aforesaid), to appeal to the next subsequent Quarter Sessions.

CXCI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before such Justices of the Peace, touching any of the Matters relative to the said recited Acts or this Act, either on the Part of the Person informing or the Person or Persons incurring such Penalty or Forfeiture, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without areasonable Excuse for such his, her, or their Nrglcdl or Refufid, to be allowed of by such Justices of the Peace, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on Oath, and give Evidence before such Justices of the Peace before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such Manner and by such Means as are herein-before directed.

CXCII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in Default of Prosecution within the Time herein-before limited, no such Penalty or Forfeiture, other than to the Party aggrieved, shall be afterwards recoverable except in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General in England, and of his Majesty's Advocate in Scotland, by Information in the Courts of Exchequer in England or Scotland reflectively, in which Case the Whole of such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures incurred as aforesaid, belonging to hi*

' Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be paid into the Hands of such Person or Persons as the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall appoint to receive the same, to the life of his Majesty; and that in all Cases where the Whole of such pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures shall be recovered to the Use of his Majesty, his Pleirs or Successors, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause such Reward as they fnatl think fit, not exceeding one Moitty of such Penalty or Forfeiture so recovered, after deducting all Charges and Expences incurred in recovering the fame, to be paid thereout, to or amongst any Person or Persons who shall appear to them entitled thereto as Informers, in respect of such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXCIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person upon Examination upon Oath or Affirmation before any of the said Commissioner3 acting in the Execution of this Act by virtue of his Majesty's Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, or in any Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation before ar.y Mayor, Magistrate, ot* Justice of the Peace in Great Britain, or before any Commissioners or Persons who are or shall be authorized to take Affidavits in Causes depending in any Courts at Westminster, in any Manner relating to the Execution of this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or shall in any such Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation, wilfully or corruptly swear or affirm any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Laws now in being any Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

CXCIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or knowingly or wilfulfy act or assist in the forging, counterfeiting, or altering any Contract or Contracts, for the Redemption or Sale of any Land Tax, or any Assignment or Alignments of any such Land Tax, or of any such Contract or Contracts, or of any Portion of Land Tax therein comprized, or any Certificate or Certificates of the Commissioners of Land Tax or of Supply, or of any Chief Magistrate authorized by this Act to make out such Certificate or Certificates, or of the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown, or of the Duchy of Cornwall, or any Certificate or Certificates, Receipt or Receipts, of the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Certificate or Certificates, or attested Copy of any Certificate or Certificates, directed by this Act to be made out by the proper Officer, or shall wilfully deliver or produce to any Person or Persons acting under the Authority of this Act, or shall utter any such forged, counterfeited, or altered Contract or Contracts, Alignment or Alignments, Certificate or Certificates, Receipt or Receipts, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Company, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, then and in every such Case all and every Person or Persons so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

CXCV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall he commenced within six Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County Or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise* and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit

3 »f

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 116

may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matters in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontirrue his or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame.as any Defendant hath in other Cases to recover Cods by Law.

CXCVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who are or shall be named or appointed Commissioners of Land Tax, in or by any Act or Acts now in force, or hereafter to be passed, to carry into Execution the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax before mentioned, or this Act, in any County, Riding, or Place, such Persons being also Justices of the Peace of and for the same County, Riding, or Place, and not being Persons appointed to be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, by his Majesty's Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual as aforesaid, shall be Commissioners for the Purpose of hearing Appeals to be made by virtue of this Act, for the Division of the County or Riding, or the Didrid within which they usually ad as Commissioners of Land Tax and Justices of the Peace as aforesaid.

CXCVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved, by any Determination of the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, by virtue of his Majesty's Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, with relation to any Right or Benefit of Preference in, or any Right of Redemption of any Land Tax to be sold by virtue of this Act, or with relation to the Sale or Mortgage of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or the Grant of any Rent Charge thereout, for any of the Purposes of this Act, with relation to the Redemption of Purchase of any Land Tax, for the Redemption or Purchase of which not more than five hundred Pounds Capital Stock in the three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities would be transferred in the Whole if such Land Tax was redeemed or purchased, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons, in every such Case, to appeal to the Commissioners appointed by this Act for the Purpose of hearing Appeals, at the next Petty Sessions held by them within and for the Division or Dillrid within which such Land Tax, or any Proportion thereof, shall be charged; and the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, to hear and determine all such Appeals at any Petty Sessions to be by them appointed, from Time to Time, as there shall be Occasion; and on due Consideration of all the Circumstances attending the Case upon which such Appeal shall arise, and on Examination upon Oath or Affirmation of the Parties interested in such Appeal, and all other Persons who shall be willing to be examined touching any Matters or Thinga relating to the Matter in Dispute as aforesaid, which Oath or Affirmation they, or any two or more of such Commissioners, are hereby authorized to administer, and on the Production, upon Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, of any Deeds, Conveyances, or Instruments, or upon the Production of any Affidavits or Depositions in Writing, upon Oath or Affirmation to be made in Manner herein directed as to such Affidavits, Depositions, or Affirmations, as may be produced to the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of th's Ad as last aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners of Appeal, and they are hereby required to determine such Appeal, and give such Order therein, as in their Discretion shall seem expedient, which Order shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties; and if such Commissioners of Appeal shall have any Doubts touching any Matters or Things relating to the Determination of such Appeal, it shall and may be lawful for such last mentioned Commissioners to require the Advice and Affillance, or the Opinion of any Counsel learned in the Law, being a Barrister of five Years Handing at the lead, as to them shall seem most expedient; and such Commissioners shall and may award the Costs actually incurred in such Appeal, and no more, together with such Expence as shall have arisen from the obtaining the Advice, Assistance, or Opinion of Counsel, as the Case may be, if any such Expence shall have been incurred, to be paid either by the Party against whom such Appeal shall have been determined, or by both the Parties to such Appeal, in such Proportions as to such Commissioners shall seem just and reasonable; and in case of Refusal or Non-payment of any Sums so ordered to be paid, by the Space of twenty-one Days next after such Determination, such Commissioners of Appeal, or any two of them, shall and may issue forth their Warrant to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons ordered to pay such Sum as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus to the Owner or Owners, after the Payment of the Charge of such Distress and Sale: Provided always, that where Capital Stock which would be requisite to be transferred for the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax respectively, about which any such Dispute as aforesaid may arise, would in the Whole exceed five hundred Pounds in such publick Annuities, the Persons or Persons so thinking himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved as aforesaid, mail and may apply to the Court of Chancery or Exchequer in England, or the Courts of Stfiion or Exchequer in Scotland, by Petition to be preferred in a summary Way; which Courts respectively may thereupon grant such Relief, and make such Order therein, as to the said Courts respectively shall seem meet.

CXCVIII. 4 And whereas by an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to incorporate by Charter, a Company, to be called The Globe insurance Company, for insurance on Lives, and against Loss or Damage by Fire; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, his Majesty is empowered, by Charter or Indenture under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to declare and grant that such and so many Persons as should be named therein, and all and every such other Persons and Person as from Time to Time mould be duly admitted Members into their Corporation, should be One distinct and separate Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of The Globe insurance Company; and it is thereby enacted, that in the said Charter or Indenture, which his Majesty is so empowered to grant, a Provision should be inserted, that the said Corporation was to be created and established upon this Condition; that the said Corporation should lay out and invefbthe Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds (Part of the Sum of five hundred thousand pounds extraordinary or Capital Stock therein mentioned), within three Calendar Months next after the lame should

4* Geo. III. 4G 4 raised,

593

General Issue,

[Treble Costs.]

Land Tax Commissioners being Justices, &c. Ihal be Commissioners for hearing Apt peals.

Persons aggrieved in any Sale of Land Tax, (where Consideration shall nut exceed 500l. Stock), may appeal to the Commis-ftimers of Appeal at the next Peuy Sessions, and their Order shall be fioaL

Commissioner* of Appeal may have the Advice of CounfeJ, and may award Cults, &c.

Appeal where

Co 1 lx e 1111011 exceeds 500C Stuck.

39a- 3.

c. lixxiii. for enabling hu Majesty to

itHMtyo».ttc i"c

Clyde In u ance v oaij.iy, recited.

594

The inverting: , &c. of Money in purchase of Land Tax, undo fair! Act, and the said G mipany's Charter, shall be regulated by this Act.

His Majesty may revoke Commi (bon s to Persons lor felling the Land Tax, under former Act.?, and gram Com-nnfTions to anyiher Persons who rtull have the same Pow-«r?, 5c c.

19 Geo. l. c. 28.

20 Geo. 3. c. 17.

Persons claiming to vote for Members of Parliament in E11 gland or tVales for JLa&dSj the

C. 116. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

raised, in Manner therein-before mentioned, in the Purchase of Land Tax upon Houses, under the said first herein recited Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and should, with one Moiety or half

Part of the net Profits which Should arise to the Corporation from their Establishment, which should remain after Payment of five Pounds per Centum per Annum to the Proprietors on the Capital Stock, and all Salaries and

other Expences attending the Institution, lay out such Moieties, as they should arise, after making such L)edtidions as aforesaid, in the Purchase of the Land Tax upon Houses, from Time to Time, until the Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds should have been so laid out as aforesaid, unless the Whple of the said Land Tax upon Houses, should previously thereto, have been redeemed or fold; and that the said Corporation should be allowed to purchase the said Land Tax upon the same Terms and Conditions as the Owners of Lands then were, or thereafter might be entitled to redeem or purchase by the same or any future Act; and it is thereby further enabled, that a Provision should be inserted in the said Chatter, that the said Corporation, should, within three Calendar Months after the Date of the said Chatter, enter into a sufficient Contrail or Contrails, according to the Provisions of the several Acts then passed for the Redemption of the Land Tax, that the said Corporation should lay out and invefl the Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds (Part of the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds), in the Purchase of Land Tax on Houses, or Land Tax as provided by that

Ad; and that the said Corporation should, in such Contrail or Contracts, undertake that they would lay out and invefl one hundred thousand Pounds (Part of the said three hundred thousand Pounds), in the Purchase of the Land Tax on Houses, or Land Tax as aforesaid, within one Year after the Date of the said Charter; and that they would lay out one hundred thousand. Pounds (other Part of the said three hundred thousand Pounds), ' in such Purchase as aforesaid, within two Years after the Date of the said Charter; and that they would lay out one hundred thousand Pounds (Residue of the said three hundred thousand Pounds), within three Calendar Months next after the extraordinary or Capital Stock should be raised, as therein mentioned, in the further Purchase of the Land Tax upon Houses, or Land Tax as aforesaid; and it is thereby further enacted, that if at any Time it should feein proper to the Lords of the Treasury', on Representation made to them by the said Corporation, to empower the said Corporation to purchase Land Tax inlltad of Land Tax on Houses, Land Tax so purchased should be considered as an Equivalent for the Land Tax on Houses directed to be purchased by the said A d: And whereas the said Charter hath not yet been granted by his Majesty: And whereas it is expedient that the said several Sums of Money to belaid out and inverted in the Purchase of Land Tax, according to the Condition upon which the said Corporation is by the said Charter to be created and established, should belaid out and inverted in the Purchase of Land Tax, according to the Provisions of this Act; be it therefore enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums* of Money which shall, under the Provisions of the said last recited Act, and of the Charter to be granted in pursuance thereof, be laid out and inverted in the Purchase of Land Tax upon Houses, or other I.and Tax, as provided by the said Act, shall be folaid out and inverted, and all Contrails thereby directed to be entered into for the Purchase of such Land Tax, shall be so entered into according to the Provisions of this Act; any Thing in the said last recited Ail to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXCIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, at his or their Pleasure, to revoke the several Commissions already granted by virtue of the said first recited Ail, or to be granted by virtue of this Act, to the several Persons therein and herein described, for the Purpose of felling the Land Tax in the several Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, Boroughs, Cinqu! Ports, Towns, or Places in Great Britain, or any of such Commissions, and by Warrant under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, to grant any other Commission or Commissions to any other Persons whom his Majesty shall think fit, for the Purpose of felling the Land Tax, under the Provisions of this Act; and the Persons named in such new Commission or Commissions, (taking the Oath herein prescribed, ) shall have and be inverted with such and the same Powers and Authorities in relation to the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax in Great Britain, or such Part or Parts of Great Britain to which such new Commission or Commissions shall extend, as by this Act are given to and vested in the several Persons already appointed or to he appointed under the Provisions of the said recited Acts or of this Act, in relation to the Redemption or Sale of the Land Tax in the several Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places, in or for which they are or shall be so appointed Commissioners as aforesaid; and all such Rules, Methods, Regulations, and Directions as are herein prescribed in relation to the Redemption or Sale of the Land Tax, and the Powers for raising Money, or other Powers requisite or necessary to complete the same, under the Authority of the Commissions already granted or to be granted by his Majesty, by Warrant under his Royal Sign Manual, according to the Provisions of this Act, shall be observed, practised, and put in Execution, in relation to any Redemption or Sale of the Land Tax, and to any of the aforesaid Powers requisite or necessary for completing the fame, which shall be made or exercised under the Authority of any such new Commission or Commissions as aforesaid, in so far as such Rules, Methods, Regulations, and Directions arc respectively applicable thereto.

CC. And whereas Doubts may arise by reason of the Provisions of an Act, passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for letter regulating of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for such Cities and Towns in that Part of Cj reat Britain called England, as are Counties of themselves; and of another Act passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to remove certain Difficulties relative to Voters at County Elections, as to the Right of voting for the Election of Knights of the Shire, or other Members to serve in Parliament, by Persons who may claim so to vote in respect of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, the Land Tax charged whereon may have been redeemed; be it therefore enacted, That every Person who shall tender his Vote at the Election of any Knight or Knights of the Shire or other Member or Members, to serve in Parliament within that Part of Great Britain called England, or the Principality of Wales, in respect of any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, of the Quality and Value which would by Law entitle him to vote at such Election, the Land Tax charged whereon shall have been redeemed or purchased, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be entitled to vote at any such Election as aforesaid

C without

A.D. 1802. 4>2" GEORGII III. C. 116.

without being compelled to shew that such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, hare been afiefled to the Land Tax, upon proving to the Satisfaction of the Returning Officer, on Oath or otherwise, that such Land Tax hath at any Time previously to such Election been redeemed or purchased, and the said Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, become exonerated therefrom, under the Provisions of the said recited Acts for the Redemption of Land Tax, or of this Act, the said recited Acts pafl*ed in the Nineteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, and in the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, or any other Act or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

Schedule (A.)

FORM of the Certificate of the Amount of the Land 7ax, and the Lands upon which it is assessed.

A B. and C.D. Two of the Commissioners of Land Tax, acting for the Divisio*

*of in the County of do hereby certify, that the Lands [briefly describing the Lands

and Hereditaments chargeable3 are charged with Land Tax to the Amount of [and if more Parcels

of Land Tax than One, repeat the Description] and that the Messuage and Lands [briefly describing the fame] are charged in like Manner to the Amount of making in the Whole the Amount of

(B.)

FORM of the Certificate of the Contrail for the Redemption of Land Tax, in Cases where the Confederation is proposed to be transferred in Stock.

J£NOW all Men, That we Two of the Commissioners appointed for the Purposes of an Act, intituled an Act [here insert the Title of the Act] for the do hereby certify*

that we have contracted and agreed with for the Redemption by him [her, or them, as the Case

may require] of Land Tax, being the Land Tax charged upon [here deferihe the Premises as from the Certificate of the Commissioners of Land Tax, or from the Schedule delivered by the Party] and which Premises are assessed in the Assessment made for the of in the*of

for the Year as follows, videlicet; [here insert an exaB Copy of such Parts of the AJefment as

relate to the Premises before described]. The Consideration is declared to be Capital Stock in the

three % Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, or one of them, to be transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, at the Bank of England, in the following Proportions, and at the following Times; videlicet, Stock on or before the Day of Stock

on or before the Day of Stock on or before the

Day of Stock on or before the Day of &e. &c.

with Interest, to be paid at the Time of the Second and each subsequent Instalment, to the Cashier or Cashiera of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, equal f the Amount of the Land Tax redeemed, deducting therefrom a Sum bearing the famC Proportion to such Land Tax, as the Amount of Stock transferred before the Time of each Payment, bears to the whole Amount of Stock agreed to be transferred on such ContraCL

(C.)

FORM of the Certificate of the Contract for the Redemption of Land Tax, in Cases where the Considerattom is proposed to be paid in Money to the Receiver General\

IT NOW all Men, That we Two of the Commissioners appointed for the

Purposes of an Act, intituled, An Act [here hfert the Title of the Act'] for the do hereby

certify, that we have Contracted and agreed with for the Redemption by him [her, or them,

as the Case may require] of Land Tax, being the Land Tax charged upon [here describe the

Premises as from the Certificate of the Commissioners of Land Tax, or from the Schedule delivered by the Party] and which Premises are assessed in the Assessment made for the of in the of for the

Year as follows, videlicet; [here insert an exdft Copy of such Parts of the Assessment as relate to the

Premises before described]. The Consideration u declared to be so much of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid to the Receiver General or his Deputy [or Collector, as the Case may require] for the said [County, Riding, Shirei fcfr.] of as will be sufficient for the Redemption of the said Land Tax, on the

Day of according to the Price of Stock, to be transmitted to the said Receiver General [or Collector] in the Second Week subsequent to the Date hereof, and conformably to the Tabic in the Schedule to the said Act, and the Rules and Directions therein contained.

[If the Consideration is proposed to be paid by Itifialments, the Land Tax to be redeemed must be divided into as many equal Parts as there are Instalments, the Fractions of Farthings to be added to the last Part, and in such Case.]

The Consideration is declared to be so much of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid to the Receiver General, or his Deputy, [or Collector] for the said [County, Riding, Shire, £sV.] as will be sufficient for the Redemption of/*. Part of the said Land Tax, on the Day of

£. further Part of the said Land Tax, on the Day of £.

further Part of the said Land Tat, on the Day of £. further Part of the said Land Tax, on the Day of fefr. life. &c. according to the Price of

4 G 2 .Stock

595

Land Tax whereon has been icdeemed, Sec. shall be entitled to vote upon proving such Gtedemp^ tion.

C. n6

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

Stock, to be transmitted to the said Receiver General [or CoUe&or] in the Second Week subsequent to the Date hereof, with respect to the Payment of the first Instalment, and with respect to the Payment of the second and every subsequent Instalment, according to the Price of Stock, to be transmitted to such Receiver General [or Collector] in the Week preceding the said Days of Payment of such second and subsequent In-ftalments, and conformably to the Table in the Schedule to the said Act annexed, and the Rules and Directions therein contained, together with Interest to be paid at the Time of the second and each subsequent Instalment, to the said Receiver General [or Collector] equal to the Amount of the .Land Tax redeemed, deducing therefrom a Sum bearing the same Proportion to such Land Tax, as the Number of Instalments then before paid bears to the Number of Instalments agreed to be paid on such Contract.

(D.)

FORM of the Certificate of the ContraB for the Purchase of Land Tax as a Fee Farm Rent,

I^NOW all Men, that we Twobf the Commissioners appointed for the

Purposes of an Act, intituled, An Act \here insert the Title of the Alt'] for the do hereby

certify, That we have contraCed and agreed with for the Sale to him [her, or them,

as the Case may require'] of Land Tax as a Fee Farm Rent, being the Land Tax charged upon \_here describe the Premises as from the Certificate of the Commissioners of Land Tax] and which Premises are aflcfTed in the Assessment made for the of in the of for the Year as follows, videlicet; \here insert an exaB Copy of such Parts of the Assessment as re-

late to the Premises before described]; The Consideration is declared to be, &c. [jmrfue the same Forms as in the ContraBs for the Redemption of Land Tax (varying only the Number of Instalments); and in Cases whete the Land Tax shall be foldfor a Money Consideration, in one Sum, at a higher Price than the Price first offered) then add] and also such further Sum of Money, in Addition to the said Consideration, as shall be equivalent to Pound or Pounds, as the Case may require] per Centum upon the Amount thereof; [and where the Considera tion shall be by Instalments, then add after the Direction for Payment of the Consideration, and before the Directions rtffeBing the Inter ft] and also such further Sum in Addition to each Instalment as (half be equivalent to»Pound or Pounds, as the Case may require] per Centum upon the Amount thereof; land where the Land Tax put chafed shall be proposed to be paid out of any particular Part or Parts only of the Eft ate, add] And we do order fend direC that the Whole of the said Sum of £. shall in future be paid

and borne as a Fee Farm Rent, out of such Parts only of the said before-mentioned Premises as are hereiH-after described, videlicet; \here describe the Premises out of which the Fee Farm Rent is to be paid].

(E.) '

FORM of the Certificate or Receipt to be indorsed on the ContraB, in Cases where the Consideration is tram-. ferred in Stock.

BANK of ENGLAND. Day 8 when Stock was transferred. Amount of the Stock transferred. Name of the Receiver or Acceptor.

I ft Instalment.

2d Instalment.

3d Instalment.

4th Instalment.

See. &e.

(F.)

FORM of the Certificate or Receipt to be indorsed on the ContraB, in Cases where the Consideration is paid

to the Receiver General in Money.

Day of the actual Payment of the Consideration. Price of 3l. per Cents. at which the Consideration is calculated. Amount of 1 Money received. ! Name of the Receiver.

2

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

(G.)

C. 116.

597

FORM ©/"Contract for Sale of Crown Lands belonging to the Duchy cf Lancaster.

FORGE the Third, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland King* Defender of the Faith, and so forth, To all to whom these Presents shall come, greeting, Know ye, that we, in Consideration of the Sum of paid into the Hands of our Receiver General of the Revenues

of our Duchy of Lancaster, as appears by the Receipt of the Receiver General indorsed on these Presents, by and with the Advice and Consent of our Chancellor and Council of our said Duchy, do by these Presents grant, bargain, and fell unto A.B. his Heirs and Assigns, all [describe the Manors, i^c. fold] to have and to hold the said [Manors, fife: .] hereby bargained and fold, and all Benefits and Advantages thereto belonging, unto and to the Use of the said A, B., his Heirs and Assigns, for ever: [In case there be any fubffling Lease of the Manors, lAc. Words to the following Effect are to be added: Subject nevertheless to the Term and Interest in the said Manorsj &c. by virtue of a Lease granted under the Seal of bearing Date on or about

unto for a Term of which will expire on or about ].

In Witness whereof

(HO

FORM of Certificates of ContraQs made by the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue.

By the Surveyor General of his Majesty's Land Revenue.

THESE are to Certify, That in pursuance of a Warrant from the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, bearing Date the Day of the said Surveyor

General hath contracted and agreed with A B. of for the Sale to the said A.B. of

all [here describe the Premises to be sold] at or for the Price or Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid by the said A.B. into the Bank of England, and carried to the Account of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury [and in case of any subs ding Lease, then the following Words to be added: Subject nevertheless to, here dtferibing when and to whom fuels Lease was granted, for what Term of Tears or Lives, and when the Term will expire, or which of the Lives are in being] and from and immediately after the Payment of the said Sum in Manner aforesaid, and the Inrolment of this Certificate, and the Receipt for the said Purchase Money in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the County aforesaid [or of the Clerk of the Pipe, as the .Case may be] and thenceforth for ever the said A.B. and his [her or their] Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the actual Seiiin and Possession of the said Premises so by him [her or them] purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the same peaceably and quietly, and in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame, by force and virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act [inserting the Title of this Act],

Giveu under the Hand of the said Surveyor General, the Day of

Witness to the signing by the said Surveyor General.

[The Witness to be one of the Clerks or other Officers in his Office.]

(10

FORM of Certificates of Contracts to be made by the Surveyor General of the Duchy of Cornwall.

By the Surveyor General of the Duchy of Cornwall 'JWlSE are to certify, That by virtue of a Warrant from the Council of his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales and Duke of Cornwall, the said Surveyor General hath contracted and agreed with A.B. for the Sale to the said A.B. of all [here deferihe the Premises or the Rent to befoil] at or for the Price or Sum of

of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid by the said A.B. into the Bank of England, and carried to the Account of the Duchy of Cornwall [and in case of any substling Lease, or any Grant by Copy of Court Roll, then the following Words to be added: Subject nevertheless to, here describ 'ing when and to whom such Lease or 'Copy was granted, for what Term or Lives, and when the Term will expire, or which of the Lives are in being] and from and immediately after the Payment of the said Sum in Manner aforesaid, and the Inrolment of this Certificate and the Receipt for the said Purchase Money in the Office of the Auditor of the Duchy cf Cornwallj and thenceforth for ever the said A.B. and his [her or their] Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the a&nal Seiiin and Poflrfiion of the said Premises [or Rent, as the Case may Ar] so by him [her or them] purchased; [and where the Purchase shall be other than for a Rent, the following Words to be added: ] And shall hold and enjoy the same peaceably and quietly, and in as full and ample Manner, to all Intent* and Purposes, as his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, his Heirs or Successors, Dukes of Cornwall, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame, by force and virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act [inserting the Title of this Act]* Given under the Hand of the said Surveyor General of the Duchy of Cornwall, the Day of

Witness to the figuing by the said Surveyor General.

[The Witness to be one of the Clerks or other Officers in his Office.]

(K.)

FORM of LajhiePs Rfcpipt.

RECEIVED the Day of of and from the above [or within] named A.B. the

Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, being the Consideration Money expressed in the

above [or within J written Certificate.

Witness my Hand,

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

Caftuer.

598 C.n6. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

(L.)

TABLEf Shewing the several Sums payable for the Redemption or Purchase of LAND TAX, of the yearly Amounts denoted in the first Column, when the Three Pounds per Cent. Bank Annuities are at any Prices between 60 and Par, as denoted in the second and subsequent Columns.

LAND TAX lo be redeemed, or purchased. 60 and under 61. 6t and under 6s. ( 6a and under 63. 63 and under 64. 64 and under 6S- 65 and under 66. 66 and under 67.

O 0 si O 0 5i O 0 54 O 0 s4 O 0 54 O 0 6 O 0 6

4 O © II O 0 "I O 0 Hi O o ni O 0 H| O 1 0 O 1 oi

4 0 1 4i O 1 4i O 1 5 O 1 Si O 1 54 O 1 6 O 1 64

D. 1 — O 1 IO O 1 iof O 1 i°4 O 1 ni O 1 "4 O 2 0 O 2 oi

- O 3 O 390 3 91 O 3 i°i O 3 "4 O 4 0 O 4 oi

3 - - 0 5 64 O s 7l O 5 84 O S IO O s 11 O 6 0 O 6 ii

4*O 7 4i 6 7 6* O 7 74 O 7 9i O 7 ioi O 8 o| O 8 ii

5 - - O93 094l O964 O9«i O9IO* O IO «>4 O IO4

6 - - O 11 1 0 II 3i O II 54 O 11 74 O 11 10 O 12 «>i O la4

7 - - O 12 ni O3 2 O3 4i O 13 74 O 13 9i O M o| O 14 3

6 - - O 14 94 0 15 o| O 15 3i O «S 6| O5 9i O 16 oi O 16 3i

9 - - O 16 8 0 16 O 17i O 17 54 O7 94 O 18 Oi O 18 3i

10 - - O 18 6* 0 18 9i O9 ii O 19 54 O9 «4 I 0 Oi I 0 4i

11 - - I 0 4i I 0 H 1 I oi I 1 4i I 1 8i I 2 04 I a 4i

£.1 1 2 a* I a 7 1 2 i*4 I 3 34 I 3 84 1 4 o| I 4 Si

2 2 4 Si 2 S a| 2 5 11 2 6 74 2 7 4i 2 84 2 8 ioi

3 3 6 3 7 9i 3 8 104 39ni 3 11 1 3 124 3 13 3i

4 4 8 it 4 10 4i 4 11 IO 4 J3 34 4 M 94 4 16 3 4 17 »4

5 5 11 ii 5 12 n| 5 H 94 5 16 74 5 18 Si 6 0 3l 6 2 i|

6 - 6 J3 4i 6 >5 6* 6 17 94 6 19 Hi 7 a 2 7 4 4i 7 6 7

7 7 »S 7i 7 18 2 8 0 84 8 3 3i 8 5 IO* 8 8 Si 8 11 0

8 8 »7 ID9099 3 8496 7i99 6|912 6915 5i

9 : 10 0 of 10 3 4l 10 6 74 IO9"4 IO >3 3 IO 16 64 10 19 ioi

10« - ! 2 3i 11 5 ni 1197i 11 «3 3i 11 16 ni 12 0 74 12 4 3a

11 -.- 12 4 12 8 64 12 12 7 12 16 74 !3 0 7 i 13 4 843 8 «i

12 — .*3 69*3 11 i| '3 15 64 l3 19 h4 J4 4 4 14 8914 !3 ii

3 14 8 n| 143 8J 14 18 6 '5 3 34 IS 8 °4 '5 12 94 l5 17 7

14 15 114 15 16 4 16 1 Si 16 6 74 16 11 84 16 16 io| J7 2 0

45 16 '3 Si 16 18 Hi 17 4 Si '79114 175 Si 18 0 Hi 18 6 5i

16 17 »5 8 18 1 18 7 44 18 13 3 18 19 ii9 5 O J9 IO ici

17 18 17 ioi 19 4 ii 19 10 44 J9 16 7 20 2 94 209o| 20 >5 34

18 — - 20 0 ii 20 6 84 20 !3 3i 20 19 11 21 6 64 21 13 Ii 21 19 84

19 21 a 4i 2193i 21 16 3l. i 22 3 3 22 IO 24 227 ai3 4 i|

£ 1 22 4 7 22 11 11 22 >9 3 23 6 7 23 J3 II 24 i 3 24 8 7

a - 4492 45 3 10 4S 18 6 46 13 2 47 7 IO 48 2 6 4817 2

3 - - - 66 13967 IS9687969 J9971 1972 3973 5 9

4 oc 00 18 4 90 7 8 917 0 93 6 4 94 '5 8 96 5 0 97 H 4

5 III 2 11 112 >9 7 114 16 3 116 12 11 11897 120 6 3 122 2 11

6 - '33 7 635 11 6 i37 IS 6 139 19 6 142 3 6 144 7 6 146 11 6

7 - - - '55 ia 1 158 3 S 160 149163 6 1 16517 S 168 89171 0 1

177 16 8 180 >5 4 183 14 0 186 ia 8 189 11 4 192 IO 0 19s 8 8

9 200 1 3 203 7 3 206 13 3 209 19 3 213 5 3 216 11 3 219 x7 3

10 222 5 10 225 «9 a 229 12 6 233 5 IO 236 19 a 240 12 644 5 10

ao - 444 11 8 45i 18 4 459 5 0 466 11 8 473 18 4 481 5 0 488 11 8

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (L.) — continued,

c. 116. 599

LAND TAX to be redeemed, or purchased. 67 and under 68. 68 and upder 69. 69 and under 70. 70 and under 7X. 7« and under 72. 73 and uoder 73- 73 and under 74-

i O 0 <5* O O 64 O O 64 O 0 64 O O 64 O, 0 64 O 0 64

i O 1 4 O I oi O I 04 O 1 I O I x4 O 1 x4 0 1 x4

i O 1 6| O I 64 O I 74 O 1 74 O I 74 O 1 8 0 1 8*

D. i - - O 2 oj O 2 x4 O 2 x4 O 2 2 O 2 24 O 2 24 0 3 3

2 — O 4 x4 O 4 24 O 4 3 O 4 44 O 4 44 O 4 54 0 4 6

3 - - O 6 2i 0 6 3i O 6 44 O 6 54 O 6 64 O 6 8 0 6 9

4 " " O 8 34 O 8 44 O 8, 64 O 8 7i O. 89O 8 io§ 090

5 - - O IO 4 O IO s4 O IO 74 O 10 9i O 10 x«4 O 11 x4 0 11 3

6 - - O 12 4i O 12 7 O 12 94 O 12 ni O3 >4 O >3 34 0 x3 6

7 - - O x4 Si O4 «4 O 14 io| O XS x4 O l5 34 O 5 64 0 XS 9

: 8 - - O l6 64 O 16 94 O »7'04 O '7 34 O 17 6 0 x790 18 0

9 O 18 74 O 1810^ O x9 x4 O x9 5 O 19 84 0 19 n| I 0 3

10 - - I O 8 I 0 114 I I 34 I 1 7 1 1 IO| 1 a 24 1- 2 6

11 - - I 2 8f I 3 04 1 3 44 I 3 84 I 4 1 I 4 5 1 4 9

S. 1 - - - 1 4 94 1 S a 1 5 64 I 5 »°4 I 6 34 I 6 7i 1 7 0

a - - - a97 a 10 4 2 11 04 2 11 9i 2 12 64 2 x3 3 2 x4 0

3 3 «4 4* 35 s4 3 16 7 3 x7 84 3 18 94 3 x9 IO| 4 0 iif

4 - - - 49 2i S 0 74 5 2 xi 5 3 7 5 5 oi 5 6 64 5 7 nf

5 " " - 6 3 Il| 6 5 94 6 7 74 69S4 6 11 34 6 x3 x4 6 x4 nf

6 - - - 7 8 94 7 10 III 7 13 2 7 x5 44 77 7 7 x9 94 8 1 , x4

7 8 x3 64 8 16 x4 8 18 8491 3493 1096 4498 nf

8 - - -918 44 10 1 3i 10 4 24 10 7 a 10 10 i4 10 x3 04 10 >5 1Ii

9 11 3 a 11 6 Si 11994 j 1 x3 04 11 16 44 11 x9 8 12 a H*

10 — - 13 7 114 13 u 7i 125 3i 12 18 XIi3 2 74 13 6 3i39ii*

11 - - - x3 139x3 16 94 x4 0 94 H 4 loj M 8 104 14 ia 11 14 16 ni

124 x7 64 x5 I ni x5 6 445 109*5 15 x4 15 x9 64 16 3 Hi

13 16 a 4i 16 7 x4 16 11 x°4 16 16 747 1 57 6 24 17 10 "4

14 - - -7 7 H x7 12 34 x7 17 s 18 a 64 18 7 8 18 12 94 18 x7 xxi

15 - - 18 11 Hi 18 17 54 x9 2 xx4 19 8 54 '93 xx49 x9 s4 20 4 1X4

16 - - - x9 16 H ao 2 74 30 8 5i 20 x4 4 21 0 2i 21 6 ©4 21 11 Hf

17 31 1 64 ai 7 94 21 M 0 22 0 af 22 6 5i 22 13 84 22 18

18 - - - aa 6 4 aa 12 11 229 64 23 6 xi 23 12 «4 23 19. 4- 24 5 II

19 23 114 23 18 i 24 5 Oi 24 13 o4 24 18 xx4 25 S ni 25 12 II.

is 1 , 1 1 34 x5 11 25 3 3 25 10 7 25 x7 11 26 5 3 26 13 7 26 9 11

2 49 11 10 So 6 6 Sx 1 2 5* x5 10 52 10 6 S3 s a S3 x9 10

3 74 797599 76 11977 ]3978 i5979 >7980 x9 9

4 99 3 8 1003 0 toa 2 4 103 11 8 i°j 1 0 106 10 4' 107 x9 8

5 133 x9 7 X2S 16 3 X27 12 11 12997 131 6 3 133 2 1134 x9 7

6 148 15 6 XS0 J9 6 153 3 6 JS5 7 6 157 11 659 XS 6 161 x9 6

7 T73 11 5 176 29178 14 1 181 5 5 183 169186 8 1 188 x9 5

g 198 7 4 aoi 6 0 204 4 8 207 3 4 210 2 0 213 0 8 2I5 x9 4'

9 223 3 3 22693 229 XS 3 233 1 3 236 7 3 239 x3 3 242 x9 3

1*0 - 247 »9 a 251 12 6 255.s 10 258 x9 2 263 12 6 2 66 S 10 26919 3-

M 0 1 1 1 495 rS 4 ?°3 5 0 410 II 8 5*7 18 4 525 5 0 J32 11 8 S39 18

6oo

C. 116.

42° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (L.) — continued.

A.D. 1802.

LAND TAX to be redeemed, or pure ha fed. 74 and under 75- 75 and under 76. 76 and under 77* 77 and under 78. 78 and ui.der 79- 79 and under 80. 80 and under 81.

4 O O «4 O O 7 O O 7 O 0 7 O 0 74 O 0 1 1 O 0 74

4 O I 1* O I i4 O I 2 O 1 24 O 14 O 1 24 O 1 24

4 O 1 00 O I 84 O I90 1 94 O 1 94 O 1 10 O I lot

D. 1, - O a O 2 34 O a 4 O 2 44 O 2 44 O 2 54 O 2 54

2 - - O 4 6* O 4 74 O 4 84 0 49O 4 94 O 4 ioi O 4 n4

3 - - O 6 IO O 6 114 O 7 04 0 74 O 7 24 O 7 34 O 7 44

4 - - O9l. O93 O944 0954 O974 O984 O 0 lot

5 - - O II 4l O II 64 O 11 84 0 11 104 O 12 04 O 12 2 O 12 34

6 - - O >3 8* O3 104 O 14 04 0 14 24 O 14 5 O4 74 O4 94

7 '*O 15«4 O l6 a O 16 44 0 16 74 O 16 94 O 17 04 O7 3

8 - - O 18 3 O 18 54 O 18 84 0 18 2*4 O9 2| O9 54 69 8i

9 - - 1 0 H I © 94 I 1 °4 1 I 44 I 1 74 I 1 lot I 2 2

IO - - 1 a 94 I 3 14 I 3 5 I 3 84 I 4 04 I 4 4 I 4 74

II - - I 5 I 1 5 5 I 59I 6 I I 6 5 I 6 94 I 7 14

Sm I I 7 4* I 7 84 I 8 24 I 8 54 I 8 10 1924 1964

m 3 M 8$ 2S 54 2 16 24 2 16 11 27 8 2 18 44 294

3 - - - 4 a 1 4 3 24 4 4 34 4 5 44 4 6 54 4 7 7 4 a 84

4*" " 5954 5 10 II 5 13 44 5 23 104 5 IS 34 S 16 94 5 18 3

5 6 16 9* 6 18 74 7 0 54 7 2 34 7 44 7 5 2*4 7 7 94

6 8 4 2 8 6 44 8 8 7 8 10 94 8 12 214 85 2 87 44

7 911 <5*914 14916 89*9 24 10 1 94 10 4 44 10 6i4

8 - - - 10 18 1 of 11 1 IO 11 4 94 11 7 84 11 10 74 113 64 11 16 6

9 1* 6 3* 12964 12 12 104 ia 16 2 ia 19 54 13 2 94 J3 6 o4

10 - - -33 743 '7 34 14 0 114 M 4 74 14 8 344 II*4 145 74

11 - - -5 0 11$ 15 5 04 >5 0 94 15 23 I 1574 16 I4 16 5 24

12 - - - 16 8 44 16 12916 27 14 17 1 64 17 5 1*4 17 IO 4474 9

*3 175 8§ 18 0 54 18 5 3 18 10 04 184 94 189 649 4 34

14 9 3 1 >9 8 249 23 4 l9 18 54 ao 3 74 20 89203o4

*5 20 10 54 20 15 114 21 1 54 21 6 1*4 ai ia 54 21 1714 22 3 54

16 - - - 21 17 94 22 3 8 22964 2a 25 44 23 1 34 23 74 23 13 0

1.73 5 2 23 11 44 237 74 34 3 104 24 104 24 16 4 2* a 64

18 - - - 44 13 H 349 H 25 5 84 25 12 4 25 18 11 26 5 64 26 124

195 19 IOf 36 6 104 26 23 947 O 94 27 79274 84 2* 1 84

1 1 1 1 M <5 37 7 3 27 14 7 28 1 II 2893 28 16 7 29 3 II 29 11 3

3 - 54 14 6 5592 56 3 10 5« 1# 6 573 2 5» 7 IO 59 a 6

3 82 19«3 3984 59*5 798699 87 11988 13 9

4 10990 110 16 4 112 7 8 IJ3 27 0 115 6 4 1165 8 118 5 0

5 136 16 3 138 12 11 14097 142 6 3 144 2 II459 '7 M7 16 3

6 164 3 6 166 7 6 168 it 6 170 J5 6 1729 6 175 3 6 I77 7 6

7 191 109194 2 1 196 23 5 199 49201 16 1 204 7 5 206 18 9

8 , 218 18 0 221 16 8 224 25 4 227 24 0 230 12 8 233 n 4 336 10 0

9 12+6 5 3 249 11 3 ?5* 27 3 256 3 3 25993 26a5 3 266 1 3

la - - — 73 12 6 277 5 i° 280 29 2 284 12 6 288 5 ip 2919 2 295 12 6

30 - 547 1 5 0 554 11 8 .$61 18 4 569 5 0 576 11 8 583 18 4 59* 5 0

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 116. 601

SCHEDULE (L.) — continued.

LAND TAX to be redeemed, or purchased. 81 and under 82. 82 and under 83. 83 and under 84, 84 and under «5- 85 and under 86. 86 and under 87. 87 and under 88.

i O O 7i O O 74 O O 7! O 0 74 O 0 7i O 0 8, 0 0 8

O I 3 O I 3i O I 3i O 1 , 34 O 1 34 O 1 4 0- 1 4

i O I ioi O I lof O I 11 O 1 Hi O 1 "4 O 1 Hi 0 2

D 1.. O 2 6 O 2 6i O 2 6i O 2 7 O 2 74 O 2 7i 0 .2 «i

2 - - O 4 ni 0 5 ©4 O 5 ii O 5 2 O 5i O s 3i 0 5 4i

3 — O 7 5i O 7 7 O 7 8 O 79O 7 i°i O 7 Hi 0 8

4 - " O9ji| O IO ii O IO 2f O 10 4 O 10 54 O 10 7 0 10 «4

5 - - O 12 5l O 12 74 O 12 9i O 12 Hi O 13 I O 13 ai 0 13 4i

6 -»O 14 Hi O 15 ii O is 4 O 15 6i O IS 84 O 15 i°4 0 16 oi

7 - - O »7 Si O >7 8 O 17 io| 0 18 ii O 18 3i 0 18 6i 0 18 9

8 - > O 19 lli I O 2i I O 5i I 0 »i I 0 Hi I 1 2 1 1 S

9 - - I 2 5i I 2 8i I 3 0 1 3 34 I 3 64 I 3 9i I 4 ii

10 - - I 4 ni I 5 3 I s 6i I 5 i°i I 6 2 I 6 si I 6 9i

11 I 7 5i I 7 9i I 8 ii I 8 Si I 8 9i I9>4 I9Si

S. 1 - -.I9Hi I IO 34 I IO 8 I 11 °i 1 11 4i I 11 9i 1 124

- 2 9 ioi 3 0 7 3 1 4 3 2 oi 3 2 94 3 3 6i 3 4 3

3 - — 499i 4 10 io| 4 11 ni 4 >3 1 4 14 ai is 34 4 i<5 4i

4 - - - 5 19 H 6 1 2i 6 2 7i 6 4 ii 6 5 7 6 7 ©4 6 8 6*

5 - — 797l 7 11 5i 7 «3 3i 7 IS if 7 16 n| 7 18 9i 8 0 7f

i - - - 8 '9 791 9i93 ni96 a98 44910 7912 9l

7 - _ 1 - ! 1096 10 12 °i 10 14 7i 10 174 10 '9 9i 11 2 4 11 4 ioi

8 - - -! 11 19 5i 12 2 44 12 5 34 12 8 2i 12 11 2 12 14 ii 127. °4

9 - 1394i 13 12 83 «5 ni 13 >9 3i M 2 6i 14 5 ioi H92

JO - j" 1 14 19 34, 15 2 "45 6 745 10 345 «3 Hi l5 17 74 16 1 3i

11- 1 1692| l63 3 16 »7 34 17 1 3i 17 5 4i 1794i 17 l3 S

12 - - - 17 19 >i l8 3 64 18 7 114 18 12 4i 18 16919 1 ii9 5 64

*3 - - - 1991 19 13 oi '9 18 7i 20 3 44 20 8i 20 12 11 20 l7 8i

14 - - - 20 10 O 21 4 ii 21934 2 T 14 s 21 19 64 22 4 8 2299i

1.5 - - - 22 8 Il|- 3 I 14 5+ 22 19 Hi 23 5 5i 23 10 Hi 23 16 si 24 1 Hi

16 - - - 23 j8 J ©; ' 34 4 «i 24 10 74 24 16 54 25 2 4 25 8 24 25 14 °i

7 - - - 25 8 94 25 15 °i 26 1 34 26 7 6 26 13 8i 2t> 19 ni 27 6 2{

1.8 - - - 26 18 8| 27 5 4 27 11 II 27 18 6i 28 5 i4 28 11 8i 28 18 4

19 - 1 "1 28 8 7i 28 15 74 29 2 7 2996i 29 16 6i 3° 3 si 30 10 s4

£' - - 1 1. " "1 29 18 7 30 5 11 3° »3 3 31 0 7 3l 7 11 31 15 3 3^ 2 7

2 - - _ .1 59 17 2 60 11 10 61 6 6 62 1 2 62 15 10 <>3 10 6 64 5 2

3 - - - 89 5990799199 93 1994 3995 5996 7 9

4 - - 119 14 4 121 3 8 122 13 4 114 2 4 I25 11 8 127 1 0 128 10 4

5*- 1 149 12 11 «5197 153 6 35S 3 11 !56 19 75# 16 3 160 12 11

6 - - - -1 179 II 6 181 15 6 |I83 19 6 186 3 6 188 7 6 190 11 6 192 lS 6

7 - 209 IO 1 212 1 5 |*14 129217 4 1 219 15 5 222 69224 l8 1

8 - 239 8 8 242 7 4 1*45 6 0 248 4 8 251 3 454 2 0 257 O 8

9 - 269 7 3 272 13 3 i275 !9 3 279 5 3 282 11 3 2857 3 289 3 3

JO - 299 5 10 302 19 2 306 12 6 310 5 10 3*3 19 2 3L7 12 6 321 5 10

20 - - 598 11 8 605 18 4 613 5 0 620 11 8 627 18 4 635 5 0 642 11 8

42 Geo. III. 4 H

<$02 C. 116

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (L*) — continued.

LAND TAX to be redeemed or purchased. 88 and under 89. 89 and under 90. 90 and under 91. 91 and under 92. 9a and under 93' 93^ and under 94- 94 and under 95-

1 O 0 8 O O «i O O 8i 0 8i O 0 H 0 0 «i O 0 »i

O I 4i O I 4§ O I 4i 0 1 4i O I 5 0 1 Si O 1 si

4 O 21 e 2 ©i O 2 I 0 2 H O 2 >i 0 2 ii O 2 2

D. 1 - O 2 8* 0 2 8| O 2 9i 0 2 9i O 2 IO 0 2 IO O 2 10}

2 - - O 5 5 0 s Si O s 6i 0 S 7i O 5 8 0 5 8i O 5 9i

3 - - O 8 »i 0 8 2i O 8 3i 0 8 4i O 8 6 0 8 7 O 8 8

4 - - O IO IO 0 IO Hi O II 1 0 11 2i O 11 3i 0 11 5i O 11 H

5 - - O 13 6i 0 >3 81 O 3 ioi 0 »4 0 0 14 1* 0 >4 3 O 14 5i

6 — O 16 3 0 16 Si O l6 7i 0 16 9i 0 16 iif 0 >7 2 O >7 4i

7 - - O 18 "i 09 2 O >9 4i 0 19 7i 09 9i 1 0 0 I 0 2i

8 - - I 1 8 1 I II I 2i 1 2 4i 1 2 7i 1 a ioi I 3

9 -. 1 4 4$ 1 4 7i I 4 11 1 S 2i I 5 si 1 59I 6 ©i

10 - - I 7 I 1 7 4i I 7 8i 1 8 0 I 8 3i 1 8 7i I 8 n

11 - - 1991 1 IO »i I IO Si 1 10 9i I 11 ii 1 11 Si I 11 9i

i., 1 12 6 1 12 ioi 1 13 2i 13 7i I 13 Hi 1 >4 4 I 14 81

a 3 5 0 3 5 8i 3 6 5i 3 7 2i 3 7 11 3 8 8 394i

3 - - - 4 17 5* 4 18 7 49 «i s 0 9i 5 1 lci 5 2 ni 5 4 1

4 69ni 6 11 Si 6 12 11 6 14 4i 6 >5 IO| 6 >7 3i 6 18 9i

5 - - - 8 2 5* 8 4 3i 8 6 >1 8 7 Hi 899i 8 11 7i 8 13 Si

6 - - -914 ni917 29*9 4i IO 1 7 IO 3 9i IO 5 i>i IO 8 2

7 11 7 5i it IO ©i 11 12 7i 11S 2 11 >7 «i 12 0 3i 12 2 lo|

8 - - 12 J9 Il| 13 2 ioi >3 S IO3 8 9i 13 n »i 13 >4 7i3 >7 6i

94 12 5i M5 9i 14 »9 ©i >S 2 4iS S 85 8 >i5 12 3i

10 - - - 16 4 lii 1 <5 8 7i 16 12 3i 16 15 ni 169 7i >7 3 3i 17 6 >i

11 »77 5i 18 1 Si 18 S H 1896i 18 >3 7 18 >7 7i9 1 7i

12 - - - 199Hi9 >4 4i 19 18920 3i 20 7 6i 20 11 "i 20 16 4i

*3 - - - 21 2 Si 21 7 2i 21 ir Hi 21 16922 1 6i 22 6 3i 22 11 °l

14 - - - 22 14 "1 23 0 I 23 Si 23 IO 4 235 Si 24 0 7i 24 s 9

15 24 7 Si 24 12 Hi 24 18 Si 2J 3 Hi 259Si 25 >4 >i 26 0 Si

16 J9 ni 2 6 S 9i 26 11 8 2 67 6i 27 3 4i 2793i 27 IS i|

17 27 12 5i 27 18 8 28 4 ioi a8 11i 28 17 4i 29 3 ?i 29910

18 - - - 29 4 n 29 11 H 29 18 >i 3° 4 8i 30 it 4 3° >7 11 31 4 61

19 - - - 30 17 S 3i 4 4i 3i 11 4i 3> 18 3i 32 S 31 32 12 3 32 19 2i

£1 32911 327 3 33 4 7 33 It 11 33 19 3 34 6 7 34 13 II

2 - 649 IO <554 6 6692 67 3 IO7 18 6 68 >3 2 69 7 IO

3 9799 98 1199939100 >59IOI7910299104 1 9

4 1299 8 '3*90 132 18 4 >34 7 835 >7 0 >37 6 4 J38 IS 8

5 16297 164 6 3 166 2 11 167 19 7 169 16 3 171 12 117397

6 — - - 1 1949 6 97 3 6 '99 7 6 201 11 6 203 15 6 -05 >9 6 208 3 6

2 22795 230 09232 12 1 23S 3 S 237 M9240 6 1 242 >7 s

8 - 1 2599 4 262 18 0 265 16 8 268 >S 4 271 >4 0 274 12 8 277 11 4

9 29293 295S 3 299 1 3 302 7 3 3°53 3 308 >9 3 312 5 3

x© i 3M9 2 328 12 6 33 2 S 10 335 >9 2 339 12 6 343 S IO 346 >9 2

20 - 1 649 18 4 1^57 5 0 664 11 8 671 18 4 679 5 0 686 11 8 693 i3 4

SCHEDULE (L.) — continued.

C. 116. 603

LAND TAX 95 96 97 98 99 IOO

to be redeemed, and under and under and under and under and undot and under

or purci.afed. 90. 97* 98. 99. IOOa IOI. a

4 O O 84 O O 84 O O9O 09O O 94 O 0 94

i O I 54 O I 54 O I 6 O 1 6 O I 64 O I 64

4 O 2 A O 2 24 O 2 24 O 2 3 O % 34 O 2 34

D.i - - O 2 II O 2 "4 0 2 "4 O 3 o4 O 3 04 O 3 I

2 - - O 5 IO$ O 5 io| O a O 6 °4 O 6 I O 6 14 RULE FOR THE USE OF THE. FOREGOING TABLE.

3 - - O»9* O 8 ioi O 8 n| O904 O914 O924

4 - -! O 11 84 O II94 O H Hi O 12 04 O 12 2 O 12 34

- ! O 14 17 7* 64 14 ol O I A. 11 O 15 18 04 1 O IC 2i 34 O 15 18 44 54

6 - -1 O O 17 84 O7 io4 O O 18 O

7 - I 0 5l I O 8 I O ioi I 1 14 I 1 34 I t 64 Let it be proposed to a (certain,

8 - - 1 3 44 I 3 74 I 3 ioi I 44 I 4 4i I 4 74 from this Tabe, what Sum of Money is ro he paid for redeem-

9 -.I 6 34 I 6 <54 I 6 io* 1 74 I 7 4 4 I 7 8 ing or puivhafing a Lmd Tax of

10 — 11 - - 1 I9 12 24 14 I I9 12 64 54 I 19 12 10 94 I I 10 134 14 I I 10 13 54 54 1 I 1039 94 £.17 161. iiji/. when the Price of £. % per Cent. Bank Annuities rranfmitred to the Receivers General shall be 70 and under 71.

S.i - - - 1 IS 04 15 54 15 94 1 16 2 I 16 64 I 16 104 In the Column denominated

2 3 104 3 10 ioi 3 11 7 3 12 4 3 13 04 33 9t 70 '

3 5 s 24 s 6 34 5 7 44 5 8 54 597 5 10 »4 and under

4 7 0 3 7 1 84 7 3 24 7 4 74 7 6 i4 7 7 7 74.

5 8 IS 34 87 »4 8 18 hi 90 9492 7494 s4 £.10 00 — 58 rp

6 10 10 44 10 12 7 10 14 94 10 16 114 10 19 2 11 1 44 700 — 1I1 5

7 12 5 54 12 8 0 12 10 64 1234 12 >5 84 12 18 34 0 16 0 — 20 14 4 0 0 11 — 1 j 8$

8 M 0 6 14 3 54 14 6 44 m934 14 12 »445 2 0 0 0$ — 017}

9 IS 15 <54 »s 18 104 1 <5 2 2 i5 5 54 16 t 94 16 12 04 £.17 16 U* — 46* 4 3i

10 — - 17 10 74 17 14 34 17 »7 114 18 1 74 IS 5 34 18 8 i*4

11 - - - 19 s 84 19984939*97 94 20 1 94 20 5 104 Amount of Money to be paid for the Redemption or Purchase is jC-46* 4 li

12 - 3 21 22 0 IS9 94 21 23 5 04 7 21 239 5 64 44 21 233 10 1*44 21 18 44 23 14 io| 22 23 299 74

14 24 10 104 24 16 0 25 1 14 25 6 34 25 11 5 25 16 64

15 - - - 26 $ "4 26 11 54 26 16 n$ 27 2 54 27 7 n4 27 13 54

16 - - - 28 I 0 28 5 I°4 28 12 84 28 18 74 29 4 54 29 10 4

17 29 16 ©4 30 2 34 3° 8 64 30 «4 94 31 1 0 31 7 24

18 31 II i4 3i7 84 32 4 4 32 10 II 327 64 33 44

19 33 6 24 333 14 34 04 34 7 I 34 14 04 35 1 04

1 a M si 35 1 3 35 8 7 355 11 36 3 3 36 10 7 3617 11

a - 70 2 6 70 17 2 7* 11 10 72 6 6 73 1 2 735 10

3 105 39106 59107 7910899 109 1191103 9

4 - - -140 5 0 1414 443 3 844 13 0 146 2 447 11 8

5 r75 6 3 177 2 II 1789 7 180 16 3 182 12 II 18497

6 210 7 6 212 11 6 214 5 6 216 19 6 219 3 6 221 7 6

7 - - 245 89248 0 1 250 11 5 253 292554 1 258 5 5

8 280 10 0 283 8 8 285 7 4 289 5 0 292 4 8 295 3 4

9*3*5 11 3 3*8 '7 3 322 3 3 32593 328 15 3 332 1 3

10 - 350 12 6 354 5 10 3579 2 361 12 6 365 5 10 368 19 2

0 1 701 5 0 708 11 8 7*5 18 4 723 5 0 73° 11 8 737 18 4

4 H a

I

604

C. i i 7.

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

43. AY. 95. §1.5. as to lire at Britain J

From July l3o: , additional Duties in the annexed Tables, A., B., and C. shall be paid.

Duties in Tables A. and B. Ih.Jl not be drawn back on \V Uere by Table A, the Duties arc rhatged ac-coiding to Va-lue, it shall -e nken as at the Fort i4 linpo: t-ation, ocdu£king Dutief, and af* cot lined ac-o rding to Iiifh Act, 40 G. f.

<. 43.; and if not tiuly valued, the Goods may be detained by the Officers of the Outturns*

If the real Value < annul be afecr-tjinrd without the Go:; ds being mded and tx* amined, a De-I fit to fecuie ine new Duties may be made, and when ascertained, the Duties shall be paid be foie Delivery of the Goods;

and if their Value cannot be ascertained without being (old, they may be delivered for that Furpole on Vaymerit of the former Duties, &c.

CAP. CXVII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Goods imported into and exported from Ireland. t [2&th June 1802.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

' TT7 E» your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defrr.y your Majesty's publick Expences, and making a permanent Addition to the publick Revenue of Inland, have

freely and voluntarily rtfolved to g've and grant unto your Majesty the several new and additional Duties

herein after mentioned and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confwit of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, there shall be raffed, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imported or brought into Ireland from Parts beyond the Seas, and upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize exported from Ireland, the several new and additional Duties, as the same are rclpt^lively inserttd, described, and set forth in Figures in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked A., B., and C., except as in this Act is provided.

II. And be it enacted, That the several Duties in the Paid Tables, marked A. and B., payable on die Importation into Ireland of the several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein mentioned, shall not, on the Exportation of such Goods, except to Great Britain, be drawn back.

Exportation except 10 G. B.

III. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where, by the Table hereunto annexed, marked A., the new and additional Duties by this Act imposed upon the Importation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize into Ireland are charged, not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be taken and considered as the same shall be at the Port of Importation without any Abatement or Dcdtidion whatever, except of so much as the Duties payable on the Importation thereof by this or any other Act of Parliament shall amount to, and that such Value shall be ascertained by the Oath of the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or of his known Agent or Fador, under all the Rules and Regulations, and subject to the same Forfeitures and Penalties as are prescribed, directed and imposed in such Cases, by an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better regulating the Colic Elion of his Majesty's Revenue, and for preventing of Frauds therein, and for repealing an Act made in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing, and amending several Laws relating to his Majesty's Revenue, and for the more effectually preventing the Frauds therein, " and the several Acts and Statutes which are mentioned, to be continued by the said Act; and in case such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall not be valued according to the true and re*tl Value thereof, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then it shall be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, to cause the same to be detained, and the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be dealt with, and the proper Officers of the Customs shall proceed in every' Resped in the Manner prescribed in such Case by the said recited Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if upon the Importation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, on which the new and additional Duties hereby imposed, are charged in the Table hereunto annexed, marked A., according to the Value thereof, the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, his known Agent or Fador, shall not be able to make an Entry of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, according to the true and real Value thereof, without the same being landed and examined, such Importer, Proprietor* Agent, or Fador, shall* upon making Oath before the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Importation, that he is not enabled to afeer tain the true and real Value thereof, in the Manner in this Act prescribed, be at Liberty to make a Deposit, sufficient to secure the new and additional Duties hereby imposed; and the Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall, in such Case, as soon as may be after the Examination thereof, be ascertained by the Oath of such Importer, Proprietor, Agent, or Fador, in the Manner and subject to the Rules, Regulations, Forfeitures, and Penalties in this Act directed, and the said new and additional Duties shall be paid (except as in this Act is provided) before the Delivery of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize; and if the Value of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imported into Ireland, cannot after Examination thereof be ascertained, so as to enable the Importer or Proprietor thereof, or his known Agent or Fador, to make an Entry according to the real Value thereof, without the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize being publickly fold, and the same shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any three or more of them, in Ireland, the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, after Payment of the Duties charged thereon, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, shall and may be delivered for the Purpose of being so publickly fold, such Deposit being made as aforesaid, and the Entry of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall, in such Case, be completed within seven Days after such Sale, and the new and additional Duties hereby imposed shall be paid upon the Value thereof, according to the Price at which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall have been lo publickly fold, without any Abatement or De-dudion whatever, except of so much as the Duties payable on the Importation thereof by this or any other Act of Parliament shall amount to, such Price to be ascertained by the Oath of the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or of his known Agent or Fador, before the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Importation.

6 V. Provided

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 117. 605

After July 5, no Wine imported since Jan. 1, 1802, shall be taken out of Warehouse, till

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from and after the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, no Wine which shall have been imported into Irelandlincc the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and two, shall be taken out of any Warehouse or Place wherein it shall have been deposited and secured under his Majesty's Locks, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force, on or immediately before the passing of this Act, for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Ireland\ unless and until the new and additional Duties imposed by this Act mall have been paid. the additional Dutiei Hull be paid.

VI. And be it further enacted, that in Cases where by the Table hereunto annexed, marked B. the new The Value of and additional Duties hereby imposed on Importation into Ireland upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which had been imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, are charged not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be ascertained by the Gross Price at which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be sold at the publick Sales of the said Company: and the said new and additional Duties shall be paid thereon as the same are inserted, described, and set forth in the said Table marked B., the said Price to be inserted in the Cocquets, and to be farther ascertained by Reference to the Sale Books of the East India Company, according to the Manner established in Ireland for ascertaining the Price of Teas imported into Ireland

tained by the Gross Priccat the publick Sales, &c,

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported or Value of brought into Ireland\ and condemned as Prize, and on which the new and additional Duties are by this Act imposed, and charged in the Table hereunto annexed marked A, not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be ascertained by the Gross Price at which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be publickly fold, without any Deduction or Abatement whatever.

at which publickly fold.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed Articles exempt

to extend, to charge with the new and additional Duties hereby imposed on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize from additional

imported into Ireland\ the following Articles, videlicet; Duties on lm-

_._ _ 1.0 portation.

Bulbon, or Foreign Com of Gold or Silver.

Fresh Fish, taken and imported in Ships or Vessels of the Built of the United Kingdom, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law.

Turbots and Lobsters, however taken or imported.

Corn or Grain.

Flax, rough or undressed.

Linseed, or Flax Seed.

Hemp, and Tow of Hemp.

Hemp Seed.

Iron unwrought.

Allies of all Kinds, including Barilla.

Smalts.

Salt.

Goods imported imported into Ireland, which had been imported into G/B. by East India Company, (chargeable under Sched. B.) shall be afeer-

Priie Goods chargeable by Table A. shall b«

ascertained at the Gross Price

Oak Bark.

Sugar.

Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Nutmegs; and Furs and Skins of the Produce of and imported from any British Colony or Plantation in America.

Sheep's Wool.

Spanjh Wool.

Raw Linen Yarn made of Flax*. +[$eeost»G. B.

Tobacco, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, or Rice, imported and warehoused, unless and until such Tobacco, Coffee, c- §3 J Cocoa Nuts, or Rice, shall be taken out of such Warehouse for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Ireland; in which Case the said new and additional Duties shall be paid to the proper Officer of the Customs, before such Tobacco, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, or Rice, shall be delivered out of such Warehouse for the Purpose of being so used or consumed.

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, imported directly from thence into Ireland,

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imported into Ireland, having been imported into Great Britain from Hudson't Bay by the Hudfcn's Bay Company.

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the Islands of Guernsey, 7rr£y,

Alderney, Sari, or Man, imported into Ireland directly from the said Islands respectively, m case such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize were allowed by any Act or Acts of Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, to be imported without the Payment of any Duty, except such Duty as is now or shall hereafter, for the Time being, be due and payable for the like Goods of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland; subject, nevertheless, to all the Rules*

Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to which the fkme are liable when imported from the said Islands without Payment of the Customs or other Duties as aforesaid, under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act.

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, being of the Growth and Produce of any Foreign Colony, Bland, or Plantation in America, and imported into Ireland directly from any such Colony, Island, or Plantation in any British or Irish built Ship or Vessel, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, or in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of the Subjects of the United States of America, or of any other Country or Place in Amity with his Majesty; provided such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be

6o6

Importers of

Produce of the KcwiuumlUnd Eiflu-iy, directly frcnnh.tu'lound-land, may Bond the same for Exportation uiiliin il Months.

The Value of Goods for Exportationcharge-able by Table C. shall be taken as at the Port of Exportation, deducing the Duties, and if not truly valued, they may be detained by the Officers of the Outturns.

Articles exempted from additional Duties on Exportation.

Fee* shall not be taken for additional Entry under this Act-

Commissioners of Cuflums may older Entiy to be amended of Goocis detained on account of not beii.g duly valued, on such Terms as they think fit; and if accepted, the Proprietor shall not be entitled to Damages for Detention.

C. 117. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

be permitted to be landed and warefioufed in Ireland\ by virtue of and under the Authority of any Order or Orders of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland in Council \ Provided also, that in case any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be taken out of any such Warehouse, for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Ireland, the said new and additional Duties shall be paid to the Collector of the Port, before any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be delivered out of any such Warehouse for the Purpose of being so used or consumed.

Articles of Provision which shall be permitted to be entered and landed in Ireland without Payment of any Duty, by virtue and under the Authority of any Order or Orders of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Got vemor or Governors of Ireland.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee of any Fish, Oil, Blubber, Seal Skins, or other Produce of the British Newfoundland Fishery, imported into Ireland directly from the Island of Newfoundlcmd> to give Bond to his Majesty, his Keirs and Successors, with one sufficient Surety, in the Penalty of Treble the Amount of the supposed or estimated Duty on such Fish, Oil, or other Produce as aforesaid, with Condition that such Fish, Oil, or other Produce of the said Fishery shall be duly exported from Ireland, or that the new and additional Duties by this Act imposed on the Importation thereof, shall be paid within twelve Calendar Months from the Date of such Bond; which Bond shall be taken by the Collector of Import Duties at the Port of Importation, who is hereby authorized and required to take such Bond.

X. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where, by the Table hereunto annexed, marked C., the new and additional Duties by this Act imposed upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize from Ireland are charged, not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value mall be taken and considered as the same shall be at the Port of Exportation, without any Deduction or Abatement whatever, except of so much as the Duties paid or payable by this or any other Act of Parliament, on any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall amount to; and that such Value shall be ascertained, (except as in this Act is provided, ) by the Oath of the Exporter or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, or of his known Agent or Factor, in the Manner and Form, and under all the Rules and Regulations, and subject to the same Forfeitures and Penalties, as are prescribed, directed, and imposed for ascertaining and collecting the Duties to be paid, according to the Value thereof, by the said recited Act passed in the fortieth Year of the Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and in case such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall not be valued according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then it shall be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs to cause the same to be detained, and such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be dealt with, and the proper Officers of the Customs shall proceed in every respect in the Manner prescribed in such Case by the said recited Act.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or te construed to extend, to charge with the new and additional Duties hereby imposed on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize exported from Ireland, the following Articles 5 that is to say,

Bullion.

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize exported from Ireland to Great Britain.

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize exported to Hudson's Bay by the Hudson's Bay Company.

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize exported from Inland to the Isle of Man* which may legally be exported to the said Island.

Cotton Yarn or other Cotton Manufactures being of the Manufacture of Ireland\

Corn or Grain.

Refined Sugar, or Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly refined, and all Refined Sugar, called Bastard, and ground or powdered Sugar, and Refined Sugar broken in Pieces, and all Sugar called Candy and McUiJfes9 made from Sugar of the British Plantations.

Any Sort of Craft, Food, Victuals, Cloathing, or other Goods fit and necessary for the British Fishery established in the Island of Newfoundland, or for the Use and Support of the Mariners or other Persons employed on board the Vessel, or on Shore in carrying on the said Fishery, exported from Ireland to the Lid Island.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Fees due and payable by Law, at and immediately before the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, upon any Entry or Cocquet, Inwards or Outwards, shall not be demanded or taken by or for the Use of any Officer of his Majesty's Revenue, for any additional Entry necessary to be made oq account of the new Datics imposed by this Act.

" Bonds exempt from Stamp Duty, §13."

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, upon which the said new and additional Duties are hereby imposed, shall be detained by any Officer of the Revenue, on account of the same not being valued according to the true and real Value thereof, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty' Customs in Ireland, for the Time being, or any three or more of them, upon Proof being made to their Satisfaction that no Fraud was intended, to direct the Entry to be amended upon such Terms and Conditions, as under the Circumstances of the Case shall appear to the said Commissioners to be reasonable, and as they shall think fit to direct: Provided always, that if the Importer, Exporter, or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall accept the Terms or Conditions prescribed by the said Commissioners, such Importer, Exporter, or Proprietor, shall not have or be entitled to any Recompence or Damage, on account of the Detention of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or have or maintain any Action whatever for the Came; any Law, Custom, or UCage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Money

A.D. 1802. 42 GEORGII III. C. 117.

u Money arising by the Duties shall be carried to the Consolidated Fund of Ireland^ § i$."

XVI. And be it enacted, That the new and additional Duties hereby imposed, shall and may be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, and recovered, in such and the like Manner, under the like Powers and Authorities, and in and by any and either of the Ways, Means, or Methods (except as to bonding the said Duties, or any Discount for prompt Payment thereof) by which any of the Duties on 'Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imposed and payable by two several Acts made in the Parliament of It eland in the fourteenth and fifteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, the one intituled, An Act for settling the Subsidy of Poundage and granting a Subsidy of Tonnage and other Sums of Money unto his Royal Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the same to be paid upon Merchandixes imported and exported into and out of the Kingdom of Ireland, according to the Book of Rates hereunto annexed; and the other intituled, An Act for the settling of the Excise or new Impojl upon his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to his Majesty's Revenue in force in Ireland, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, and recovered; and the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so by this Act made chargeable with the said new and additional Duties, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Re-(Iridions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to which any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, upon which any Duties are imposed and payable, were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in XoiCe in Ireland, made for securing any Duties payable on the Importation or Exportation of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained, shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution for and in respect of the new and additional Duties hereby charged, as far as the same are applicable thereto, in a* full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved as is by the said Acts or any of them provided; and all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act created mall be sued for, recovered, and applied in like Manner.

4t Act may be varied or repealed this Session, §17."

Tables to which this Act refers.

TABLE A.

y\ TABLE of new and additional Duties payable on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated or described, imported into Ireland, not having been imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

INWARDS.

[ The Articles in this Table, and the Duties thereon, are the same as in Table A; annexed to cap. 43 5 except in the following Particulars; viz.

Ashes of all Kinds (in which Fechia Brugiata is included).

Barilla.

Oak Bark.

Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Nutmegs. } 8 of cap. 43.]

Hemp.

Iron.

Salt.

Hemp Seed and Linseed (in the Lijl of Seeds.)

Smalts.

Tow.

AO the foregoing are omitted in the Table, and are particularly exempted from Duty in f 8 of this present Act. — But only M Iron unwrought" is mentioned in that Section, though all Sorts of Iron are omitted in the Schedule.

ArtichOih. — The Duty on Spermaceti Oil per Ton, is 2l. 3s. 6d. instead of 2l. 12s. 8d. as under c. 43: But by

c. 95. § I, 2. the Duty on Importation into Great Britain is only % I. 31. \od.

The Duty on Blubber, not ^Newfoundland, is 11l. 3d. per Tons and on Tram Oily Fish Oily See. 16s. lod. and like Duties are imposed by c. 95. $ 1, 2. onthofc Articles imported into Great Britain, injhad of the Duties of 13l. 6d. and l/. or 3d. under Schedule A. of c. 43.

All other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever, not herein particularly enumerated or described, not having been imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; and also except such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize which, by any {pecia! Provision in this Act#, are exempt from the Duty hereoy imposed, for every hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof - 3 12 o

t

TABLE

607

Additional Duties shall be managed at former Duties tinder Excise Acts, 14 & 15 C. t. c. 9. Sc c. 8. and subject to Regulations, See. of Acts for Importation and Exportation.

[-'*§ 8.]

A.D. 1802.

608

*[$<? $ I, I.]

TlielrifhTrea-fury shall issue out of Consolidated Fund the Money required, to the Agents or Clerks of such Regiments of Militia as shall be raised, which they shall apply in Manner herein directed.

0.117, 118. 42° GEORGII III.

TABLE B.

A TABLE of new and additional Duties payable on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or described, having been imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, on the Importation thereof into Ireland.

DUTY.

INWARDS. £. s. d.

Callicoes, viz. Plain White Callicoes — Dimity, viz. Plain White Dimity — Mufiins plain — Nanquin Cloth — Muslin or White Callicoes, flowered or Hitched — Cotton Manufactures, not otherwise enumerated or described, — for every hundred Pounds, of the true and real Value thereof, according to the Gross Price at which such Goods shall have been sold at the publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, without any Deduction therefrom, except so much as the Duties due and payable on such Goods respectively shall amount to - -3120

Indico, for every hundred rounds of the true and real Value thereof, according to the Gross Price at which it shall have been sold at the publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies - - - -3120

Cotton Wool, for every hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, according to the Gross Price at which it shall have been sold at the publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies - -: -4160

Teas, for every hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall have been sold at the publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies - -3100

Coffee, the Hundred Weight - -.-040

Cocoa Nuts, the Hundred Weight - -034

TABLE C.

A TABLE of new and additional Duties payable on the Exportation from Ireland of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, .therein enumerated or described.

DUTY.

OUTWARDS. £. s. d.

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of Ireland (except such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which by any special Provision in this Act are exempt from the Duty hereby imposed*) exported to any Part of Europe, or to any Port or Place within the Streights of Gibraltar, for every hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof - 0100

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland (except such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which by any special Provision in this Act are exempt from the Duty hereby imposed*), exported to any Port or Place whatever, not being in Europe, or within the Streights of Gibraltar, or within the Limits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for every hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof - - - 100

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of Ireland, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three; and for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied.

[28th June 1802.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for one year, from the twenty-fifth Day ' of March One thousand eight hundred and two be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall issue in Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland the Sums required, to the Agent or Agents or to the Clerk or Clerks of such Regiments or Battalions of Militia as shall be raised, which they are to apply in the Manner and for the several Uses herein after mentioned; (that is to say, ) For the Pay of the said Militia, for four Calendar Months in Advance, at the Rate of six Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, from the Date of his Commission, where an Adjutant is appointed; and at the Rate of one Shilling and one Penny for each Serjeant, from the Day of his Enlistment, with the Addition of two Shillings and six Pence a Week for each Serjeant Major and Quarter Master Serjeant, where a Serjeant Major and Quarter Master Serjeant are appointed; and at the Rate of eight Pence a Day for each Drummer, from the Day of his Enlistment, with the Addition of lix Pence a Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum Major is appointed; and at the Rate of eight Pence a Day for each Corporal, from the Date of his Enlistment; and also at the Rate of four Pence a Month for each private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment and Battalion of Militia; one Penny whereof shall be applied for

defraying

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 118, 119.

defraying the Hospital Expences of each Regiment or Battalion, during the Time of the Men's being from Home upon account of their annual Exercise; and also for Half a Year's Salary for the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia belonging to such County, or County of a City, at the Rate of fifty Pounds a Year.

IV. Provided always, and be it hereby further enabled, That in case the Commanding Officer of any Regiment ov Battalion of Militia, shall certify in Writing, to the Agent or Clerk of the same, that he had discharged any Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, in such Case no Pay shall be issued for such Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, until another be duly appointed.

When the Days of Exercise of the Militia are fixed, and certified with certain Particulars to the Treasury, " Pay after the Rates herein specified shall be issued [out of the Irish Consolidated Fund] to the Agent, &c. 4< §6, Captains shall make up Accounts of the Money they receive on account of Exercise, §7. While the " Militia arc embodied, and receiving Pay as the other Forces, the Pay granted by this Act shall not " be allowed, §8."

IX. And be it enacted, That if it shall be deemed inexpedient by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland in Council, to raise, embody, or continue the Militia in any County or Counties, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by and with the Advice of the Privy Council, to forbid the raifmgor embodying of the Militia of such County or Counties, and to flay all Proceedings therein for such Time as shall be deemed expedient.

[Tin other Respects as the Irish Militia Act, 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 98.]

X. And be it further enacted, That every Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major, and Drummer of the Militia of Ireland, shall be at all Times subject to any Ad which shall be in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and to the Articles of War, under the Command of the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which he belongs; and it shall be lawful for the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia to direct the holding of Courts Martial as herein after directed for the Trial of any Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major, or Drummer of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, by either a General or Regimental Court Martial, for any Offence against the Taid Ad or Articles of War, committed during the Time such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps mail not be embodied; but so that no Punishment shall extend to the Loss of Life or Limb.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Colonel or other Commandant, and in his

Absence for the Senior Field Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which the Person on whom such Court Martial is to be held shall belong, to order any Officers of the Militia of the County, Riding, or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps shall belong, actually resident within the Town where such Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major, or Drummer is to be tried, or within five Miles thereof, to attend and afiiil as Members of such Court Martial, who shall thereupon attend at the Time required, and assist accordingly; but no Officer shall be entitled to receive Pay for any such Attendance: Provided always, that no Sentence of any Court Martial, held as aforesaid, on any Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major, or Drummer, shall be put in Execution until it shall have been confirmed by the Colonel or other Commandant, or by the Field Officer by whose Order such Court Martial was assembled.

XII. And be it further enacted, That any Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer of the Militia may, by Sentence of a Court Martial, be reduced to the Condition of a Private Militia Man, to serve as such during any Time not exceeding fifteen Months, in case the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which he belongs shall not be then embodied or called out into actual Service; and in case the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which he belongs shall be then embodied, or called out into actual Service, to serve as aforesaid until the disembodying of the said Regiment, Battalion, or Corps; after which Time, or at the End of the said fifteen Months, as the Case may be, if not regularly re-appointed to the Rank of a Non commissioned Officer or Drummer, he shall be discharged from the Service.

" Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §13."

CAP. CXIX.

An Act to suppress certain Games and Lotteries not authorized by Law.

[28th June9 1802.]

WHEREAS evil disposed Persons do frequently resort to Publick Houses and other Places, to set up certain mischievous Games or Lotteries, called Little Goesy and to induce Servants, Children, and unwary Persons, to play at the said Games; and thereby most fraudently obtain great Sums of Money from 1 Servants, Children, and unwary Persons, to the great Impoverishment and utter Ruin of many Families for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all such Games or Lotteries, called Little Goes, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be deemed and are hereby declared common and publick Nuisances, and against Law.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall publickly or privately keep any Office or Place to exercise, keep open, shew, or expose to be played, drawn, or thrown at or in, either by Dice; Lots, Cards, Balls, or by Numbers or Figures, or by any other Way, Contrivance, or Device whatsoever, any Gair.e or Lottery called a Little Goe, or any other Lottery whatsoever not authorized by Parliament, or shall knowingly suffer to be exercised, kept open, flievvn, or exposed to be played, drawn, or thrown at or in, either by Dice, Lots, Carch, Balls, or by Numbers or Figures, or by any other Way, Contrivance, or Device whatsoever, any such

42 Geo. III. 4 I Game

609

On Distbarge of Serjeant*, kc. , 4-! unfit for SrrvKv, no Pay shall !>t issued till oiheri appointed.

Lord Lieutenant

may tuibid the raising or embodying Militia of any County.

Srrjeant<, Cor-potnb, and Drummers tlull at all Times be subject to die Mutiny Art, and tj Courts Maitirl, though Regiment is not embodied.

Colonel, Sic. may order Officers of the Regiment lefident w irh; n the Miles to attend such Courts Martial, &c.

Their Sentence shall beconfinn-ed by the Colonel, See. Serjeants, &c. may be reduced to Piivafes, to serve for a limited Time-

All Games er Lotteries ca'iod Little Goes beef.ind publick. Nuisances.

Pc: Tons keeping a in Office i.r Plate lor any G.irne*r I.ot-ti ly not authorized by Lirv, fee, &a!l forfeit

610 C. 119. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

500l. and be iceracd Rogues ami Vagabond* within the Meaning of 17 G 2. c. 5.

Offenders not proceeded against for Penalty, shall be punishable as Rogues and Vagabonds under 17 G. 2. c. 5. and 27 G. 3. c. r. f And fee

poji. §7.] Justice, on Information, may authorize Persons to break open Doors of Places (if at Night , with a Peace Officer) where such .Offences are committed, and apprehend Oiftu-dc» >, &c,

Penalty for obit ruling Persons in the Execution of their Duty, Fine and Imprisonment. Sec.

Per fona employing others, shall fe deemed Rogues and Vagabonds.

No Person shall agree to pay Money or deliver G K)ds, &c. on any Event relative to such G: jmc or Lottery, or publish any Projxifalj Penalty tool. Offenders may be apprehended on the Spot by any one and tarried before a Justice, who mall, on the Penalty not being paid, commit them for six Months, or till Payment, without Appeal.

Application of {tie Penalty.

Game or Lottery, in his or her House, Room, or Place, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered in the Court of Exchequer, at the Suit of his Majesty's Attorney General, and to be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and every Person so offending shall be deemed a Rogue and Vagabond within the true Intent and Meaning of an Act, passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to amend and make more elsec-tual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and dif orderly Persons, and to Houses of Corre3ion, and shall be punishable as such Rogue and Vagabond accordingly.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person so offending against this Act in Manner herein-before mentioned, against whom no Information shall have been made as aforesaid, shall be deemed a Rogue and Vagabond, within the true Intent and Meaning of an Act, passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the second, intituled, An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and dif orderly Persons, and to Houses of Corrc3ion; and also of another Act, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the Laws now in being for suppressing unlawful Lotteries; and shall be p uni (liable as such Rogue and Vagabond, according to the said Acts and this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon Complaint or Information made upon Oath before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, of any Offence committed against this Act in any House or Place within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices, whereby any of the Offenders may be liable to Punishment as Rogues and Vagabonds, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or Justices before whom such Oath shall be taken, if he or they shall judge it reasonable, by Special Warrant under his or their respective Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower any Person or Persons, by Day or by Night (but if in the Night-time, then in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, who are hereby required to be aiding or affilling therein), to break open the Doors or any Part of such House or Place where such Offence shall nave been committed, and to enter into such House or Place, and to seize and apprehend all such Offenders and all other Persons who shall be discovered in such House or Place, and who shall have knowingly aided or assisted, or been anyways concerned with any such Offender or Offenders in committing such Offence, and to convey them before any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place wherein such Persons shall be so apprehended, to be dealt with according to Law as aforesaid; and all Persons who shall be discovered in such House or Place knowingly aiding, assisting, or anyways concerned with such Offender or Offenders in the carrying on any Transactions respecting the said Little G<>es or Lotteries, or either of them, shall be deemed Rogues and Vagabond*, and punishable in like Manner as is directed by the said recited Act of the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second; and it shall and may be lawful for the Officer or Officers having the Execution of such Warrant, and all other Persons acting in his or their Aid or Assistance, to stop, arrest, and detain all and every the Person and Persons so discovered in such House or Place, and to convey the said Person and Persons before such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall forcibly obstruct, oppose, molest, or hinder, any such Officer or Officers, or others acting in his or their Aid or Assistance, in the due Execution of their Duty, or in the due entering into such House or Place, or in the seizing, detaining, or conveying before such Justice or Justices ar.* such Offenders, or other Persons as aforesaid, every such Person so obstruct-ing, opposing, molesting, or hindering as aforesaid, shall be deemed an Offender against Law and the publick Peace, and the Court before whom any such Offender shall be tried and convicted shall and may order such Offender to be fined, imprisoned, and publickly whipped, as in their Discretion shall be thought fit; and all Persons, although not discovered in such House or Place as aforesaid, who shall employ or cause to be employed any Person or Persons in carrying on any of the Transactions aforesaid, or in aiding or assisting any such Person or Person3, shall be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds, and shall be punishable in like Manner as is directed by an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

V. And be it further enacted, Thar, from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons whatever shall, on or under any Pretence, Device, Fonn, Denomination, or Description whatsoever, propufe or agree to pay any Sum or Sums, or to deliver any Goods, or to do or forbear doing any Thing for the Benefit of any Person or Persons, whether with or without Consideration, on any Event or Contingency relative or applicable to the drawing of any Ticket or Tickets, Lot or Lots, Numbers or Figures, in any such Game or Lottery, or to publifti any Proposal for any of the Purposes aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall offend in any of the Matters aforesaid, he, she, or they shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful for any Person whatever to apprehend on the Spot any Person or Persons so offending, and to convey or cause to be conveyed before any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace residing near the Place where such Offence shall be committed, the Person or Persons so apprehended, to be proceeded against under this Act; and when any Person or Persons shall be apprehended or brought before any Magistrate or Justice aforesaid for any such Offence, it shall be lawful for such Magistrate or Justice to proceed to examine into the Circumstances of the Case, 'and upon due Proof upon Oath or solemn Affirmation of any such Offence committed againstr this Act, to give Judgment or Sentence accordingly; and where the Party accused shall be convicted of such Offence, and such Penalty shall not be immediately paid, to commit such Offender to Prison for any Space of Time not exceeding six Calendar Months, nor less than one Calendar Month, withy*jt Bail or Mainprize, and without Appeal, or until such Penalty shall be satisfied and every such Penalty, when paid upon Conviction, shall go and be applied, One Third thereof to his Majesty, one Third thereof to the Use of the Informer or Informers, and the other Third thereof to the Person or Persons apprehending or securing such Offender or Offenders.

7 VII. And

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. 119, 120.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Pains, Forfeitures, Fine*, and Penalties, and all Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Exemptions and Exceptions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in an Act, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to render more effectual thz Lams now in being for fapprejfing unlawful L.otteries, shall extend, and bo deemed, con limed, and taken to extend, and shall apply and be in full Force, and put in Execution in all Cases and for all Purposes as to all the Provisions of this Act\, and of another Act, passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be rased by Lotteries, in all Cases where no special or different Provision is made by this or the said last recited Act, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Act, and all Pains, Forfeitures, Fines and Penalties, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Exemptions, Exceptions, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained and enacted therein, were particularly and expressly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act, and had been repeated and enacted in the Body of the said recited Act of this Session of Parliament.

VIII. And be it further euaded, That if any Sheriff's Officer, or other Person or Persons, shall be sued, molcftrd, or prosecuted, for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Sheriff's Officer, or other Person or Persons, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence in his, her, or their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or be noo-suited, or Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Colls awarded to him, her, or them, against any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

0

CAP. CXX.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the respective Consolidated Funds

of Great Britain and Ireland; for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the

Year One thousand eight hundred and two; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[28th June 1802.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Bri-

rain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sums herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That by or out of such Monies as shall from Time to Time be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Great Britain of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum or Sums of Money as have been directed by an f former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, there shall and may be issued and applied for and towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and two, a Sum not exceeding four millions five hundred thousand Pounds; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are or his hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

II. " Also 99, 886l. 4s. 2d. remaining in the Exchequer from Grant to assist Portugal in 1801."

III. " Also 114, 000l. 6s. nd. Surplus of Grants for 1801."

IV. And be it further enacted, That, by or out of such Monies as shall from Time to Time be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland of tKe Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum or Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, there shall and may be issued and applied for and towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and two, a Sum not exceeding six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds Irish Currency; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Ireland now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

V. 44 And also 39*329l. i8j. 8d.\ Irish, remaining in the Treasury of Grant for raising Men in 1795."

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That all the Monies coming into the Exchequer of Great Britain, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties uton Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and two; and so much Money, if any such be, of the Duties thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the lute-rest. Premium, Rate, and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be referred in the said Exchequer to satisfy and discharge the fame; and also all the Monies coming into the said Exchequer, or to be raised by Exchequer Bills, by virtue of one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Penjtons, Offices, and Personml Estates in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff", for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and two, not exceeding the Sum of two Millions; and aUb so much of the Monies coining into the said Exchequer by Contributions for Annui-

4 I 2 tie

6n

The Provision* of 27 G. 3. c. 1. £ha! extend to this Art, and the Lottery Art* c. 54. of this belli on.

[General Issue.]

Treble CofU.

Towards the Supply for Great Britain for 1802, 4.500, 000l.maybe applied out of the British Consolidated Fund.

Towards the Supply for 1 r'Uarci'U) r I$02t 650, 000. Irish out of the Irish consolidated Fund.

Monies raised

for the Sci vice of Great Britain by the Malt Art

1>02, C I. Of

thii Session: by the Duty cn Pensions, See. under c i. not exceeding 2, Q00, 0CJl*

612 C. iso. 42 GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

Iv Annuities

imrfoi c. 33. y.hei Remil-t; co t'1; > ].»nd 2?000, 000l.); hv Lotteries, un-«!t*r c. 54. alter Remittance to Ireland of 4\c, OOOOl. (un-<ici said c. ^4, &c. 104. §4 ); the said

t); , SS6l. 4s. Sd. i-t Giant to Portugal \jmtff £ 2.];

The said 114, 000l. 6 5.

I id. Suj trl us of Grants lor iioi f-m/c§ 3.];

1, 5000, SOOOOl.

by Loans under c. in.; 5, oooo, ooool. by Lo.ins by 42 G. 3-c. no.

ties granted by one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty five Millions by Way of Annuities, as shall remain after the Lord's Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain shall (according to the Directions of the said Act) have remitted to the Exchequer of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, any Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of two Millions; and also so much of the Monies coming into the said Exchequer of Great Britain by Contributions for Lotteries, granted by one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries, as shall remain after the Lords Commimoners of his Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain shall (according to the Directions of the said Act or any other Act passed in this Session of Parliament) have remitted to the Exchequer of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, any Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of four hundred and eighty-five thousand Pounds; and also the said Sum of ninety-nine thousand eight hundred and eighty-six Pounds four Shillings and eight-pence, remaining in the Exchequer of the Sum granted by Parliament in the Year One thousand eight hundred and one, for enabling his Majesty to afford such Assistance to the Oueen of Portugal as might enable her Majesty to take such Measures for the Defence of her Dominions against her Enemies as the Exigencies of Affairs might appear to require; and also the said Sum of one hundred and fourteen thousand Pounds six Shillings and eleven-pence, being the Surplus of the Grants for the Year One thousand eight hundred and one; and also the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds granted by one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum of one million jive hundred thousand Pounds by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three; and also the Sum of five Millions granted by one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum of Jive Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three; and also the said Sum of four millions five hundred thousand Pounds by this Act granted out of the Monies that shall arise of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied for and towards the several Uses and Purposes hereafter expressed.

And the said, 500, 000l. out of the British Consolidated Fund § r.) shall he issued and applied as hereafter expressfed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies coming into the Exchequer of Ireland in pursuance of an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum of twenty Jive Millions by Way if Annuities; and also all the Monies coming into the said Exchequer in pursuance of another Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries; and also all the Monies coming into the said Exchequer in pursuance of another Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities or Debentures, for the Service of Ireland; and also all the Monies coming into the said Exchequer in pursuance of another Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to require Persons licensed to keep Lottery Offices in Ireland to divide into Shares a certain Number of whole Lottery Tickets; and for empowering the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain to remit to the Exchequer of Ireland a certain Sum of Money out of the Contributions for Lotteries, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, and together with the Sum of six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds Irish Currency, out of the Monies that shall arise of the Surplus of the said Consolidated Fund of Ireland, and also the Sum of thirty-nine thousand three hundred and twenty-nine Pounds eighteen Shillings and eight-pence Halfpenny Injh Currency, remaining in the Treasury of Ireland of the Sum granted in One thousand seven hundred and ninety-five for defraying the Charge of raising Men in Ireland for manning the Fleet, shall be and the same are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied for and towards the several Uses herein after expressed.

Ionics coming into 11 ifh t >.chequer hum Annuities under c. 33. L -itcry Under r. 54.

Annuities, ocC. under c. 5w. and Lotteries under c. 104.

( >/ this Sc'lf/ou')

Jliall hr* carried to Irish Conioli-d 1 ted Fund, and \rirh said fO, OOOOl. Irish out of that Fund 4 ), and !.id39, 329! iyis.

M-d. Irish (&v §>), shall he issued and applied as hereafter expressed,

Application: Naval Stores.

ForthreeLu-nar Months,

commencing January I, 1802.

VIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied, &c.

"*.11, 833, 573. 12s, 6J. for Naval Services, viz,

721, 500 For Wages of 130, 000 Men, including 30, 000 Marines, at 1 /.

17x. per Man per Month, '

1741, 000 Their Victualling at 1l. i8x.

170.000 Wear and Tear of Ships at 3l.

97, 500 Ordnance, at 5l.

210, 604 Ordinary of the Navy,

233, 633 Extraordinary of Ditto, -

360.000 Transport Service and Prisoners in Health,

28, 000 Sick Prisoners, --

481 , oco/. 494, 000l. 780, 000l. 65, 0001. 140, 403l. 155, 756l. for the same Number of Men for two Lunar Months,

167, 200l. 264, 000l. 22, 000l. 70, 201l. 77, 878l. 109, 000l. and 3, 000l. for the like Services for 88, 000 Men, including 18, 000 Marines, for one Lunar Month, commencing 2 ill and 22nd May, — 906, 500l. 931, 000l. 1, 470, 000l. 122, 500l. 637, 316l. 17X. $d. 306, 233l. 608, 548. 15X. id, and 1, 200l. for the like Services for 70, 000 Men, including 14, 000 Marines, for seven Lunar Months, commencing 18th June, 1802. — and 30, 000l. for Increase of Half-pay, &c. for six Months, commencing July 1, 1802."

IX. " 2, 000, 0ool. towards discharging the Debt of the Navy."

X. " For Ordnance for Land Service. In Great Britain, 400, 0001, for January, February and March 5

266, 666l. 13J. 4 d, for April and May; I33>336l. 6s. 8 d. for June; 272, 266l. 9l. 7 d. from July I, to Dec. 31, 1802; 17, 088l. 3s. 4. not provided for in 1800, and 102, 017l. p. 9d. not provided foj; in 1801. — and in Ireland, 75, 000l. 50, 000l. 25, 0001, and 53, 076l. 181. §d. for the same Periods of 1802, as before for Great Brit alt P 1

" XI.

240, 000l. and 15, 000l. for the like Services commencing 26th March, 1802. — 162, 800l.

A.D. 1802.

XI. " £.12, 871, 338 £- d. S57>499 16 3

147, 727 10 634, 231 2

9>37° H 95, 000 p

379, 178 19 346, 205 7

12, 500 o 8, 769 4

6, 253 17 27, 256 o

105, 000 0 0

34*73 19 5

14*794 IO 4

246 I I 6

36, 651 12 0

5>292 7 3

180, 000 0 0

108, 36693

146, 160 0 0

117*969 »9 6

46, 606 3 1

1, 722 is 6

6.157 18 2

1, 267 11 11

13, 86891

5.555 19 2

14, 148 0 2

88, 892 6 2

25.133 17 9

2, 307 13 11

114, 000 0 CL

398.57794

120, 423 10 2

386, 657 11 10

<5.35* 5 3

40, 189 7 10

84.013 7 7

99.064 0 0

59.307 13 j 1

75.511 0 0

238, 000 0 0

35.692 6 2

202, 5555 2

6l, I98 l6 8

196, 498 2 5

20, 424 2 4

42, 695 6 5

764, 391 3 0

439>°35 16 1

352, 844 1 1

3, 227 13 9

>7.29990

4*sp GEORGII

O jW. for Land Services, viz*

in.

C. 120.

3*964 6 4

21, 000 6 8

For 58, 718 effective Men in Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, 7 and Alderney, -

For 18, 660 effective Men in Ireland, Forces in the Plantations, including those serving at Gibraltar, Minorca, Malta, in Egypt, and at the Cape,

East India recruiting Parties in Great Britain,

Contingencies, Watch Coats, and extra Forage in Gra/ Britain, -

Contingencies in Ireland, -

General, Staff, and Hospital Officers in Great Britain, Guernsey,

8

5

o

8

4

o

Jersey, ajid Alderney, filitia ar

From Dec* 2^ 1801, to

March 24, 1802.

Militia and Fencible Infantry in Great Britain,

Ditto in Ireland, -

Contingencies for Militia, See. in Great Britain,

Ditto - - - in Ireland, -

Full Pay to fupemumerary Officers,-Paymaster General, Commissary General of Mullers, Judge Advocate General, Comptrollers of Army Accounts, and for Exchequer Fees in Great Britain,

Increased Rates of Subfiilence, &c. in Great Britain,

Reduced Officers, &c. in Great Britain,

Half Pay, &c. to reduced Officers of British American Forces,

Officers late in Service of States General,

Chelsea Hospital,

Widows* Pensions in Great Britain,

Volunteer Corps in Great Britain,

Ditto - in Ireland,

Barrack Department, Great Britain,

Foreign Corps in Service of Great Britain,

Extra Forage for Cavalry, -

Muster Matter General and several publick Departments,

Half Pay Officers and retired Chaplains,

Widows* Pensions, -

General and Staff Officers and Medical Board,

Medicines, Bedding, Hospital Contingencies* and Royal Military Infirmary,

For Kilmainham Hospital,

Barrack Department,

Small Beer Allowances to Forces,

Allowances to Soldiers on March,

Militia re-embodied up to -

For 61, 176 Men in Great Britain, &c.

For 23, 269 Men in Ireland,

Forces in the Plantations, &c.

Eujf India recruiting Parties in Great Britain, Fencible Infantry in Great Britain,

Ditto - in Ireland,

Barrack Department in Great Britain,

Ditto - - in Ireland,

Foreign Corps in Sendee of Great Britain,

Militia of Great Britain,

Ditto of Ireland, -

For 61, 176 Men in Great Britain, &c.

For 23, 269 Men in Ireland,

Forces in the Plantations, &c.

Fencible Infantiy in Great Britain,

Ditto -.in Ireland,

For Land Forces in Great Britain,

Ditto - in Ireland,

Forces in the Plantations, See. including those at Gibraltar, at Ceylon, and in New South Wales, East India Recruiting in Great Britain, - 7 From March 25 to June 24; 7

Ditto - - - jFom June 25 to Av. 24} J

In Ireland, From Dec. 25, 1801, to

March 24, 1802.

24 Dec. 1801.

From March 25, to

May 24, 180Z.

From May 25 to June 24, 1802, 'according to their present Establishments, and for their Reduction.*

From June 25, to

Dec. 24, 1802.

1802.

613

ForLand Forct*

C.I20.

£ X. d.

77 >5°° 0 0

174, 000 0 0

13.847 0 0

17, 132 16 10

13, 8689*1

7, 981 12 4J

*7.754 4 11

1, 200 0 0

100, 855 3 10

5, 191 18 4

I40>000 0 0

60, 313 16 U

3J»°35 12 3

6, 212 3 8

144, 500 0 0

26, 169 4 8

45.2oJ97

753 8 5

156, 511 11 2

26, 193 4 7

16, 171 2 2

3.873 4 0

72, 000 0 0

68, 926 19 9

297^84 136, 990 0 0

r 10

321, 800 H 0

6, 3*9 0 0

13, 000 0 0

16, 1914 10

30, 000 0 0

600, 000 0 0

300, 000 0 0

847.'74 0 0

000, 000 0 0

42° GEORGII III.

Recruiting Contingencies and Watch Coats in Great Britain, Ditto - and extra Forage in Ireland, - - j

General, Staff, and Hospital Officers in Great Britain, 1

(on, r) -.....i

Ditto -

Supernumerary Officers in Great Britain,

Ditto - - in Ireland,

Paymaster General, Secretary at War, Commissary General of| Mullers, Judge Advocate General, Comptrollers of Army Accounts, and Exchequer Fees in Great Britain,

Muller Mailer General and public Departments in Ireland, Increased Rates of Subsistence, See. in Great Britain,

Allowance for Small Beer and to Soldiers on March in Ireland, -

Reduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines in Great Britain, -

Ditto - of Land Forces in Ireland,

Reduced Officers in Great Britain,

Ditto - in Ireland,

Ditto of British American Forces,

Officers late of States General,

Chelsea Hospital, -

Kilmainham Hospital, -

Widows' Pensions in Great Britain,

Ditto - in Ireland,

Volunteer Corps in Great Britain,

Ditto - in Ireland,

i

A.D. 1802.

From March 25, to Dee. 24, 1802.

From March 25, to June 24, 1802.

June 2$, Dec. 24, 1802. For the like Periods-

From March 25,

- JuneS>

to Dec. 24, 1802.

From March 25, to

Dec. 24, 1802.

From March 25, to

June 24, 1802.

From June 25, to Dec. 24, 1802.

From March 25, to

Dec. 24* 1802.

; } From March 25, 18c.

From May 25, to

Dec* 24, 1802. For 1802.

the*)

Forces in Ireland, and the Royal Military Infirmary at > Dublin, .)

Yeomanry in Ireland,

Army Extraordinaries- in Great Britain, Ditto* - - in Ireland,

Ditto'

XII.

XIII.

XIV.

XV.

XVI. XVII.

Barrack Department in Great Britain,

Ditto - - in Ireland,

Foreign Corps in Service of Great Britain,

Royal Military College, -

For completing Royal Military Asylum at Chelsea.

For Medicines, Bedding, and Hospital Contingencies for the j YYom March 25 to

Dec. 24, 1802.

May 25, to

Dec. 24, 1802.

J For 1802.

in Great Britain for 1801, notprovided for, 7 p*,

Army Extraordinaries in Great Britain, - - J

u 990, 053l. for Arrears of the Civil List."

" 3, 000, 000l. to discharge Exchequer Bills under 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 83."

" 1, 066, 493l. 7s. id. i, to discharge Exchequer Bills under 39 and 40 G. 3. c. 33."

" 372, 138l. 9s. 3*/. Sterling, to discharge Treasury Bills of Ireland in 1802-" u 14, 049l. 14s. issued pursuant to Addresses. of the Commons."

4< For Civil Establishments, viz

7>95<> 7>515 4*650 2, 194 3»398

d.

o

2i

O

II

4

For Upper Canada.

Nova Scotia.

New Brunswick.

Prince Edward*s Island. Cape Breton.

875

4, 100

580

600

5, 908

10, 000

X.

17

o

o

o

o

o

d.

li

o

o

o

o

o

Newfoundland. Bahama, I Hands. Bermuda Isles* Dominica.

New South Wales* Sierra Leone.

For the Year ending 31st December 1802.

£ 20, 000 for repairing, &c. British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

A.D. 1802.

XVIII.

u 69, 000 o o

12, $00 O O

8, 000 o o 300 o o

466 10 o 100 o o

2, 707 18 o

1, 500 o

*354

500 o

354 "

*, 701 9

99 "

471 14

5, 000 o 130 11 505, 520 9

2, 865 15 o

144, 611 2

9

500 O 458, 514 8 23, 56* 3 1, 500 o 45>33* 17

47i 14

500 o 655 5 278 7 125 >3 2, 044 10 324 10

io»539 4

1, 121 o

42° GEORGII III.

French Refugees and American Loyafish,

Secret Services, (and fee pofl.)

Convids, «.

To Commissioners for improving, fcfc. Parliament Houses, under 41 G. 3. (G. B.) c. 13.

For publifting weekly Averages of Sugar and Rice. Preparing Abstracts of Population of Great Britain. [And

Additional Allowance to Clerks in Office for auditing

public Accounts.

Thames Police Office.

Expences under Population Ad, 41 G. 3, (G. B.) c. 15.

[Andfee ante and pof.-\

Plan for enquiring into the Mendicity of the Metropolis. Expences at Parliament Office,

Chairman of Committees in House of Lords.

Mr. Thornton attending Commissioners in Cold Bath Fields Prison.

Bill for Repairs at Port Patrick. [$rf

To pay Artificers at both Houses of Parliament.

To pay Passage of Rev. Mr. Rudd and Family to Quebec. Interest of Exchequer Bills under*various Acts of 39,

J9 & 40, and 41 G. 3.

alai '

: ]

Salaries and Expences on Commissioners for Reduction of National Debt.

For Purchase of one Third of Duke of Ricbmmtd*$ Annuity, under 39 & 40 G. 3. c. 43.

Officers of Exchequer for extra Trouble.

Discounts on Loan and Lottery,

To the Bank for receiving Contributions thereon, Expences of Lottery,

Indemnification to Earl St. Vincent and Lord Grey on account of Detention of American Ships at Martinique, &c. Bill for Repair at Port Patrick. — [&e ante.']

Preparing Population Abstracts. [Andfee ante andpof."\ Continuing Index to Lords' Journals.

To Commissioner for Restitution of Danish Colonies. Copies of Population Abstract.

Allowance to Clerks in Auditors Office, [Andfee ante.J Serjeant at Arms of the House of Commons,

Expences of Removal from his House.

Excels on Bills drawn for New South Wales, and due Expences of Capture of a Vessel uoder English Colours

324

78

2, 824

31, 024

1M0

previous to the English quitting Corsica.

' liming we ' -

Sugar, to

429 14 o Preparing and publishing weekly Returns of Musc&oado

6 Expences of Return of Governor of New South Wales o To new Settlers there, o Prosecutions as to Coin -

o Convids at Home for nine Months,

Superintendance of Aliens under (38 G. 3. c. 50.)

1, 620, 218 19 6i To make good the like Sum paid out of the Customs or Bounties on Com imported into Great Britain to 20th March 1802, to be carried to Consolidated Fund for the? Quarter ending 200, 000 O O For Reduction of National Debt. [See c. 112.&r.71. $4.] 173, 535' O o French Clergy, &c. Touloncfc and Corsican Emigrants,

St. Domingo Sufferers, and American Loyalists, - j 10, 000 O o To Dr. Edward Jenner, 1 as a Reward for promulgating his Discoveries of the Vaccine Inoculation, by which a mild and efficacious Mode of superseding that dreadful Malady the Small-pox is eft bliftied.^ -

1, 200 O O To Henry Greathead of South Shields in the County of Durham, Boat-builder^«as a Reward for his Invention of the Life Boat, whereby many Lives have already

' been saved, and.great Security is afforded to Seamen

and Property in Cases of Shipwreck.'

C. 120.

For January, February» and March, 1802.

in Session 1800 and 180

for 1801.

in i8ot«

iff October 1801. in 1801.

to December 31, 1802. for the Year 1802.

April 5, 1802.

for nine Months, ending iff January 1803.

6i6

C. 120.

42<j' GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

£- s. d.

676, 080 17 10J

30, 000 0 0

22, 08298i

3, 000 0 0

i, 5°° 0 0

3, 000 0 0

5, 000 0 0

1, 108 16 0

4*500 0 0

199, 812 H 7

90, 000 0 0

1, 290 4.0

1, 184 10 7

5*903 19 8

11, 948 7 0

4, 60595

12, 000 0 0

4*727 18 4

6129 8

19, 991 1 11

698 12 5

302 -13 if

6, 012 s. d.4 1

the Consolidated Fund for the Service of 1801. For New South Wales, for the Year 1802.

April 5, 1 8o2-« 'J for 1802.

1st January 1803. 5th January 1802,

Sterling,

" 313 16

221

738

184

23c

184

184

10

9

12

15

12

12

11

9

3

4

5

being

184 124 —

XX. £. s.

Sterling.

44 240 18 726 o

7.384

15, 692 576.73° 5.769 17.307 1, 620 4*865

869 4*541

4

</.

5} -

Board of Agriculture,

Veterinary College, -

British Museum.

Levant Company.

Return of a Sum forfeited by James Edwards on the Loan of 1795.

Repairs of the Church of St. Margaret's, Westminster.

Valuation of Dutch Ships furrrendered to Sir Andrew Mitchell at the New Diep, on August 30, 1799.

Secret Services for nine Months, to Excess in charge of the^ seven Police Offices for the Year ending -

i Prf>fecution of Offenders for deposing Lord Pigot.

For Maroons sent out to Sierra Leone.

Expences of Commission under American Treaty.

Printing Vols. 54 and 5 5. of Commons* Journals and Indexes,

Printing Journals, Votes, Bills, Reports, including") for Session two Volumes of Population Returns, - -J 42 G. 3.

Expences incurred under Commissioners for publishing the Records of the Kingdom.

Expences incurred by Messrs. Eyre and Strahan under .Population Ad, 41 G. 3. (G. B.) c. 15.

Repairs and Alterations in Parliament Houses, and the Speaker's House.

Alterations at Somerset Place inDuchy of Cornwall Office.

Repairs of the Fleet Prison.

Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain £. s. d.

Irish.

Accountant General, (for Session 42 G. 3.)

Deputy Accountant General, (for one Year to 5th January, 1802.) - - 3

Paymaster of Corn Bounties in Ireland.

Examinator of Corn Bounties.

Inspector General of Imports and Exports of

Ireland for preparing Accounts for one Year to 25th March, 1801 His first Clerk, for extra Trouble,

Examinator of Excise in Ireland, for extra Trouble and Expences in preparing Accounts.

Clerk in Auditor's of Exchequer Office extra Trouble."

for £802."

34°

240

800

200

250

200

200

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

1 For preparing publick Accounts of

Ireland.

200 o o

£. s. c Irish.

261 o 1

12 6 [8 15 4 H 18 1

0 6 Si 4 i

4J

1 i 4*

64

ll

- 786

- 8, 000

- 17, 000

- 625

- 1*875

- 6, 250

- 18, 750

- L756

- 5, 270

" 94

- 4, 920

10

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

10

Expence of Pratique in the Port of Dublin. Ditto -

J Civil Buildings in Ireland, j- Apprehending Publick Offenders in Ireland,

}For 3 Months to April 5, 1802.

7 For9Months to J Jan. 5, 1803.

I3^)2S 1 2jbeingi4, 76o98

Solicitor for Criminal Prosecutions, &c. in Ireland, -

Publishing, Proclamation, and Advertisements in Dublin Gazette, -

Printing certain Statutes for Ireland,

Printing, Stationary, and other Disbursemeots J for the Chief and Under Secretaries, &c. in I For 3 Months and for Ireland, and riding Charges, &c. of 1 April 5, 1802 Deputy Pursuivants and Messengers, - J

f For9Months I Jan. 5, 1803.

Sor

the like Periods.

two

For 3 Months April 5, 1802.

Ditto

to

to

to

Sterling.

461 10 9

1.384 1 a 4

1.384 12 3

4»>53 >7 o 1, 846 3 1

683 1 6

276 18 6

*>3H 4 7i

6, 931 18 6{ 2, 584 12 4

50/500 o o XXI.

Sterling. '4, 9841a if

14, 953 17 2

J, I53 l6 2of

3.461 IO IO

2, 269 4 6f 3, 807 13 uf

1.03892 3»>5 7 9

461 1091, 384 12 4

2, 307 1396, 923 1 6f

1.03892 3»ii5 7

XXII. £. c. 4.

Sterling. '4, 552 12 if

13.505 7 91

3.461 10 7f

12, 692 6 3f

42 Geo. III.

42° GEORGII III.

C. 120.

£. s.

Irish.

- 500 O

d.

- 1, 500 o

- 1, 500 o

- 4, 500 o

- 2, 000 o o

O Incidental Expences of Irish Treasury, - o Ditto -

740 o

300 o

f For 3 Months to I April 5, 1802. fFor9Months to I Jan, 5. 1803.

0 7 Building Offices for Records of Ireland, and 7 For the Hkc two

1 J building the Court3 of Justice, - - J Periods.

For working the Gold Mine in Wicklowl For 1 Year to Jan. County, - j 5. 1803.

f From Dee. 1, 1802, I to June 1, 1804.

o Cloathing Battle-Ax Guards in Ireland,

Office crfjSecretary to Commissioners of chari- T pQr - in Ireland as Lord > °q

- 2, 517 18 4

table Donations, &c.

Lieutenant shall direct, - - J

Compiling, printing, and binding Volume 8. of Lords' Journals in Ireland and Index,

I Year to Jan. 5, 1803.

7, 531 5 1 7 Towards printing and binding, 2, 800 o © y Preparing and making Index to,

- 54, 16613 4

Civil contingent Charges for the Service of Ireland,

New Edition of Commons Journals of IrtkhuL

For 1802."

£ s. Irish. 5>4°° o

d.

16, 200 0 0

1, 250 0 0

3>75° 0 0

i>37 5 0 0

4>I25 0 0

1, 125 0 0

3>37* 0 0

500 0 0

1, 50° 0 0

2, 500 0 0

7, 500 0 0

1, 125 0 0

3>375 , 0 0

£. e. Irish. d.

4.932 0 0

14, 630 16 9i

3.750 0 0

>3.750 0 2

To Trustees of Linen and Hempen Manufactures in Ireland, viz. £500 (Irish) to encourage the raising Hemp and Flax in Ireland, —

£$00 (Irish) to encourage Hemp and Flax Manufactures in Leinster, Munjler, and Con-naught, — £1, 812 1 or (Irish) to encourage the Growth of Flax, — and £2, 587 10l. (Irish) for general Purposes; instead of the Sum paid to them out of the Duties on Teas and Coffee, -

To laid Trustees, viz. £1, 500, £1, 500, 7 pQr £5, 437 ioj. and £7, 762 lOs. {Irish Cur-]* rency) for the like Purposes, - - 1

1 To the Board of First fruits in Ireland for building new Churches, and rebuilding old Churches, in which Service has not been celebrated for 20 Years,

To Dublin Society for promoting Husbandry and other useful Arts in Ireland,

Towards completing additional Buildings at the Repository of the Dublin Society in Hawkins Street, and Botanic Garden at GlaJ/hevin, with Approbation of Lord Lieutenant.

} Under Direction of Lord Lieutenant to promote the Purposes of the Fanning Societies of Ireland,- -

7 To the Corporation for paving, cleansing, and J lighting the City of Dublin,

JTo Commissioners for making wide Streets in

Dublin".-

For 3 Months to April 5, 1802.

9 Months to Jan. 5, 1803;

For the like two Periods.

For Incorporated Society in Dublin for p moting English Protestant Schools in Ireland, (

Ditto -| Foundling Hospital in Dublin,

4 K

ro-^For 3 Months to , April e, 1802.

t For9Months, to I Jan. 5, 1803. f For the like two \ Periods.

Sterling.

6i8

C 120.

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

£ / d. £ d.

Sterling. lri/b.

461 IO9 — 500 0 0 ? Hibernian Marine Nursery for Sailors' Children') ] ( in Ireland\ - - -.J

53* 18 9i — 1, 660 lS 8 1* Ditto - 1

*>54 54 4, 164 18 61 6i - 1, 674 4*512 0 0 0 1 j- Westmoreland Lock Hospital in Dublin,

9*3 16 10 — 990 0 0)Hibernian School for Soldiers' Children in

3>24° 0 0 } — 3*5 0 0)Ireland\ -

VO 00 CO 00 uv 3 90 4 2.000 6.000 0 0 0 1^Roman Catholick Seminary in Ireland\

3, 898 2 10} — 4*223 0 0 7 House of Industry for the Relief of the Poor

*3>i67 3 0} — 14, 264 8 3* 3 in Dublin,

69 4 7 — 75 0 0)Society for discountenancing Vice, &c. in

553 16 11} — 600 0 0 J Ireland, -

15 346 7 3 8 1 — 125 - 375 0 0 0 0 Female Orphan House near Dublin, -

1, 869 4 7} — 2, 025 0 0 Penitentiary House of Reform in DubTm forY

young Criminals, - - f

1, 384 12 3*'1, 500 0 0 The Fever Hospital in Dublin under Direction f of the Lord Lieutenant, -- j

April 5, 1802. For9Months to Jan. 5, 1802.

For the like Periods.

two

Jan. Si 1803.

XXIII. " 410, 000l. to make good the Deficiency of £j, 200, 000 granted out of the Duties on Goods

" imported, &c. for the Year 1801"..'

XXIV. u Supplies shall not be applied to any other Purposes than those authorized by this Act,

XXV. " Rules to be observed in the Application of the Sum appropriated for Half Pay."

XXVI.*By 41 Geo. 3. c. 84. §27. the Sum of £138, 979 7l. id. was appropriated to be paid to

u reduced Officers; the Overplus thereof may be disposed of as his Majesty shall judge proper.*

XXVII. M Duplicates of Irish Treasury Bills or Debentures lost or destroyed, may be made on Affidavit

& of the Fast before a Baron of the Exchequer in Ire!and} See.

42° GEORGII III.

c. i. — vii

619

PUBLICK LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

N.B. — The Commencement or Continuance of the ensuing Acts will be known by referring to the following Lift, according to the cor ref ponding Letter in the Title of any Ad. — Where no Term of Continuance is mentioned, the Act it perpetual.

(a) From the passing of the Act,

(b) For 21 Years, &c. [i. c. to the End of the then next Session-] from the passing of the Act,

(d) For 21 Years, &c, after the End of the Term under former Acts,

(e) From a Day named in the Act,

(f) For 21 Years, &c. from a Day named.

(g) For 25 Years, &c. from a Day named.

Cap. i.

AN Act for continuing (f) the Term, and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, the Second, and the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and rendering safe and commodious, several Roads leading from the Town of South Molton in the County of Devon.

[1 ith December 1801.]

[For extending the Road from Umberleigh Ford to Umberleigh Bridge, §5.]

Cap. ii.

An Act for continuing (f) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads in and near to the Town of Tenbury, in the Counties of Salop, Worcester, and Her ford, and also the Roads leading from the Knowle Gate to the Turnpike Road on the Clee Hill, leading from Ludlow to Cleolury Mortimer, and from Kyre Mill to the Turnpike Road leading from Bromyard to Tenbury in the said Counties. [11th December 1801.]

[New Trustees appointed, and Tolls granted.

Cap. iii.

An Act for continuing (d) the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending the Road from the West End of Seend Street to the Horse and Jockey, in the Parish oj Box in the County of Wilts, and certain other Roads leading out of the said Road; and for making an additional Road from the said Road in the Chapelry of Seend, to communicate with the Devizes Turnpike Road, at or near Somerham Brook, in the same Chapelry, cul in the said County. [ 15th December 1801.]

Cap. iv.

An Act for continuing (d) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts; the one passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for more effectually amending several Roads leading from and near the Borough of Truro in the County of Cornwall, and for building and keeping in Repair a Bridge over the River at a Place called the Steppings, in or near the said Borough; and the other, passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for extending the Provisions of the said former Act to the several other Roads therein defenbed.

[24th February 1802.]

[New Trustees and TqllsJ\

Cap. v.

An Act for repaying, altering, widening, and improving the Road leading from the City of Citnterbury to the Town of Ramsgate, in the I lie of Thanet, in the County of Kent; and for suspending and varying, for a limited Time, so much of an Act, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the Toll Gate, and to the Tolls now payable by virtue of the said Act, on the Road leading from the said City of Canterbury to the I He of Thanet.

[19th March 1802.]

[Tolls at Vauxhall Gale underformer Ad, suspended during Continuance of this Act (/)].

Cap. vi.

An Act for repairing, altering, widening, and improving the Road leading from the City of Canterbury to the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent\f).

[19th March 1802.]

Cap. vii.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, pasted in the thirty* third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road near the West End of the Town of Chesterfeld to Matlock Bridge, and also the Road leading out of the said Road over Darley Bridge to Croft Grten, and also the Road leading out of the said last mentioned Road to the Turnpike Road near Rowejley Bridge; all in the County of Derby.

[19th March 1802.]

4X4 Caf.

[3* G. t. c. 45.]

>9 G, 3. c. i.j

[30 G. 1. r. j*.t G. 3. c. io, |J

[*oC. 3. c. 9l.f

E*3G. 3.C. in,

t1* G j.e.89 ]

tJ7C. 3.0.1*}

f33 G. 2. <..*G.3- c.S, j

620

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

[17G. 3. C. 97.]

[I G. 3. c. 32. 21 G. 3. c. 78.]

[{21 G. 3. C. 82.]

[L 22 G. 2.C. 50.]

r 28 g. 2. c. 46.

*0 G. 3. c. 69. J

£28 G. 2. c. 60. 21 G. 3. c. 93.J

[£m G. 2. c. 29. 26 G. 2. c. 55. 29 G. 2. c. 41. au G. 3.C. 115.]

C '

VII 1.-XVI.

Cap. viii.

An Act for repairing) widening) improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Shire Hall in

the Town and Port of Wooibridge, to the Broad Street in the Town and Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk (/*).

[19th March 1802.]

Cap. ix.

An Act for continuing (f) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Tear of hie late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Union Point, near the Town of Uckfield in the County of Sussex, to Langney Bridge, in the Parish of West ham in the said County, and for more effectually repairing the said Road; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from the Side Gate on the Horse Bridge Turnpike Road, h1 the Parish e/iiellingly, to the Turnpike Road leading from Cross-in-Hand to Burwash in the said County. 119th March 1802.]

[New Tolls granted.']

Cap. x.

An Act for continuing (d) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the first and twenty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Penryn, Helstone, and Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, and two hundred Feet to the West ward of the said River and Bridge.

[19th March 1802.]

Cap. xi.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Wastes, within the Manor and Parish of Barkef-well in the County of Warwick.

[19th March 1802.]

[ The Provssions of the General Inclosure Ad, 41 G. (U.K.) c. i 09. are expressly applied to this and to all the Inclosure Acts of this Session; by Clauses in each Ad.]

Cap. xii.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Wilmslow Bridge in Wilmslow, in the County of Chester, through Nether Alderly and the Town of Congleton, to or near the Red Bull in Church Lawton, in the said County. [Additional Tolls authorized.*] [24th March 1802.]

Cap. xiii.

An Act to enlarge the Powers and explain and amend an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better repairing the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, within the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; and for better enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Pqffages, and Courts there, and regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels within the said Parish; and for paving, repairing, and regulating certain Footways, Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places in the said Parish; and for removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein. [Former Rates repealed and new Duties authorized.3 [24th March 1802.]

Cap. xiv.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering tmd enlarging the Powers of so much of two Acts, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Road leading from the Cross of Hand near Ftnford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury in the County of Oxford.

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.] [24th March 1802.]

Cap. xv.

An Act for continuing (/) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the Road from Leeds to Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[24th March 1802.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xvi.

An Act to continue (ib) the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts, passed in the eleventh, twenty-sixth, and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church through Hackney to Stamford HiU, and cross Cambridge Heath over Bethnal Green to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex.

[24th March 1802.]

7 Cap.

42° GEORGII III.

621

C. xvii. — xxiii.

Cap. x vii

An Act for continuing (f) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the fe^ond and seventeenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening federal Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the Borough of Sakqfb in the County of Cornwall.

[Double Tolls authorized on Sundays.] [24th March 1802.]

Cap. xviii.

An Act for building a new Gaol for the County of Galway, and for purchasing Lands sufficient for the fame, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[15th April 1802.]

Kin the building of the Gaol the Commissioners are directed (§ 19.) to provide distinct Apartments for each foner to deep in, and Yards, £sV. for keeping Male and Female Prisoners separate; Rooms for King's Evidence, Common Halls, and Rooms with public* Fire-places 5 Hospitals, Baths, and other Necessaries, Con-reniencies, and Accomodations as directed by the Irish Acts, 23 & 24 G. 3. c. 41. and 26 G. 3. c. 27."]

Cap. xix.

An Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, within the several Parishes of Downham Market, Wimbotsham, Stow Bar dolph, and Denver, in the County of Norfolk.

[15th April 1802.]

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully and maliciously cut, throw down, burn, or otherwise destroy any Bank, Mill, Engine, Bridge, Flood Gate, Tunnel, or Sluice, made and erected, or which shall be making and erecting for the draining and improving of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, or any of them, and shall be thereof lawful convicted, such Person or Persons shall be adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and be transported for seven Years, or be punished as the Law directs, in Cases of Petit Larceny. 44 Penalty on setting Nets, obstrading or damaging Drains, &V. 44 401, to 40r."

Cap. XX.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of his present Majesty, intituled', An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the River Severn at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near Netherpool, in the County of Chester, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, as restrains the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal from taking Tonnage on Coals, Coak, Culm, Lime, or Limestone, upon a Part of the said Canal; and for authorizing the said Company of Proprietors to raise a Sum of Money*to make up the Amount of their original Subscription $ and for further amending the several Acts passed, relative to the making of the said Canal.

[15th April 1802.]

Cap. xxi.

An Act for continuing (I) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King Georgs the Third, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Barnsley Common, in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Croft, and also the Road from the Guide Post in Barugh, to a Rivulet called Barugh Brook, and from thence for two hundred Yards over and beyond the same Rivulet or Brook, into the Township of Gaw-thorns, in the said County.

[15th April 1802.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xXII.

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Pari (h of Runham, in the County of Norfolk.

[15th April 1802.]

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously cut, damage, break down, demolish, or destroy any Bank, Mill, Engine, Dam, Flood Gate, Bridge, Sluice, or Tunnel, already made, or which shall at any Time hereafter be made or erected, supported, maintained, or used for answeringany of the Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending, and being convicted thereof, shall be deemed guilty of Felony; and the Court before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for seven Years, or in Mitigation of such Punishment, may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petty Larceny.

Persons damaging Works (in which Dams and Bridges are included), forfeit a Sujji not exceeding 5oL § $0."

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, one passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for widening and repairing the Road leading from Horsham, in the County of Sussex, through Capell, Dorking, Mtckleham, and Leatherhead, to the Watch House in Eb-hisham, in the County of Surrey; and from Capell to Stoncfireet, in the Parish of Ockley, in the said County of Surrey* [15th April 1802.]

[Former Tolls rcpcqlcd9 and new ones granted 1 — Double Tolls on Sunday: ]

Cap.

[2 G. 3. c. 44. 17 0.3. c. 79 J

Punishment

for destroying Works; single Felony, &c.

[33 G.?. c. 9t.

andfre also 36 G. 3. c. 71, and c. 96, u/ui 41 G. 3. (</.£.) c. Ixx.J

[ 67, 0001.]

[32 G. 2. c.?o. 18 G. 3. c. 69.]

Punittiment for

deft roving Works; $ng!c Felony, &c.

[28 G. 2. c. 4v 16 G. 3. c. 70.J

42 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

C. xxiii. — xxx.

I13G. J. c. 45.

Penalty on defying Works, single Felony,c.

- G. 3. C. 96.

10 — c. 102.

15 — c. 20.

16 — c. 32.3 — c. 3 5* 37 — -. c. 36.

[*c. 81.]

[^28 G. 1. c. 60.1G. 3. c. 98.]

{SVe Scotch A Sis «70i, Lift of unprinled Alls,

4 G. 2. c. 11.

*0 G. t. c. 17. 16 G. 3.C. ?6.J

I*7G«3. c. 5.

Cap xxiv.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual so much of an Act, passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for draining and preferring certain Fen Lands and Lon Grounds lying in the South Level, Part of the great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level, between certain old Rivers or Drains called Stoke River, and Brandon River, and a certain Level or DiJlriSi called Felt well New District, and The Hard Lands of Woodhall-in-Helgay, and Helgay, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, as relates to the Fen and Low Grounds lying within the second District or Division described in the said Act.

[15th April 1802.]

[New Commissioners appointed and empowered to make Contrails with Commissioners under 30 G. 2. c. 35. and to borrow £.7000 on Mortgage of the Acre Tax authorized by the A3. J

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously burn, cut, throw down, break down, or otherwise destroy any Bank, Mill Hill, Mill, Engine, Flood Gate, Tunnel, or Sluice already erected, supported, maintained, or used, or which shall at any Time or Times hereafter be making, erecting, or be made or erected, supported, maintained, or used, by virtue of this Act, and the said recited Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or either of them, within the Limits of the said second District, for draining or preserving the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the same, or for other the Purposes of the said recited Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and of this Act, or either of them, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony, and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall hereby have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be pumihed in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may, if they think ht, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petty Larceny* " Penalty on Persons damaging Works, 50l. to 40s. — §49."

Cap. xxv.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to make Railways, to alter the Course of the Railway from Froghall to Caldon, and Part of the Course of the Canal from Froghall to Uttoxeter; and to amend the Trent and Mersey Canal Acts.

[15th April 1802.]

[Tonnage authorized to be taken. — The present Shares at 200l. each, divided into double the Number at 1001, each.3

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein described, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Otley to Skipton, in the County of York, and from Skipton aforesaid to Colne, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for altering the Course or Direction of certain Parts of the said Road from Otley to Skipton aforesaid. [ 15th April 18C2.J

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for enlarging (g) the Term and Powers granted by several Acts for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and vended within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof. [ 15th April 1802.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of St. Mary Islington, in the County of Sfiddlesex.

[15th April 1802.]

[Mode of rating altered.]

Cap. xxix.

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving certain Open Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Manor or Parish of Alrewas, in the County of Stafford.

[15th April 1802.]

Cap.

C. xxx. 623

A.D. 1802.42° GEORGII III.

Cap. xxx.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing aTraft of Common and Waste Lands, called Rhojhirnuaun, situate in the several Pan dies of Aberdaron, Llanfaelrhys, and Bryn crccs, in the County of Caernarvon.

[15th April 1802.]

WHEREAS there is within the several Parishes of Aberdaron, Llanfaelrhys, and Bryncroes, in the County

V\ of Caernarvon, a large Tract of Common and Waste Lands, called or known by the Name of RhoJbirzvaun, or by what other Name or Names the same is called, known, or distinguished, containing by Estimation two thousand Acres, or thereabouts: And whereas the King's most Excellent Majesty, in Right of his Crown, is Lord of the Manor of Bardfey, Part of which lies within the said Parities of Aberdaron and

Bryncroes, and as such is entitled to the incidental Manerial Rights, Perquisites, and Profits arising from the fame Manor, and claims also to be entitled to the Soil of so much of the said Common and Waste Lands as lies within the same Manor, or unto some Parts or Portions thereof now remaining uninclosed, &c.

Benjamin Wyatt of Lime Grove in the County of Caernarvon Esq. appointed a Commissioner, subject to the €€ general Rules in 41 G. 3. (U'. K.) c. 109. §1 — 9."

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall assign, set out, and allot, unto and for the King's most excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in Lieu of his Right and Interest in the Soil of the said Common and Waste Lands as Lord of the Manor of Bardfey aforesaid, so much and such Part or Parts of the said Common and Waste Lands hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, as is situate, lying, and being within the said Manor, and as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioner (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered), be equal to one full twentieth Part or Share of so much of the said Common and Waste Lands as is situate, lying, and being in the said Manor, for and in Lieu, and as a Recompence and Satisfaction for his Right to the Soil of the said Common and Waste Lands.

Commissioner shall make Extract in Parchment under his Hand and Seal of so much of the Award ax H describes his Majesty's Allotment, and transmit same to the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue, within six Months after making the Award, §27."

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice or defeat the Right or Interest of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in and to all Mines, Ores, Minerals, and Coals, of what Nature Or Kind soever, in or under the said Common and Waste Lands; but his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and his and their Lessee and Lessees, Agents, Servants, Colliers, Miners, and other Workmen, shall and may from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter enter into, have, hold, enjoy, search, and work all Mines and Mine Works, Pits, Holes, Beds, Veins, and other Bearings of Mines, Ore, Minerals, and Coal whatsoever, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as they could have had, held, and enjoyed the same before the passing of this Act; and for that Purpose shall and may use all Pits, Shafts, Levels, Soughs, and Tunnels already open and sunk in the said Common and Waste Lands, and all Machines, Engines* and Buildings thereon erected or {landing, together with full and free Liberty, Power, and Authority to and for his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and his and their Lessee and Lessees, and their and every of tlycir Agents, Servants, Miners, Colliers, and other Workmen, to fink, dig, delve, drive, and work all and every or any Number of Pits, Shafts, Levels, Soughs, and Tunnels, which they shall think necessary for discovering, searching for, raising, or getting any Mines, Ores, Minerals, and Coals whatsoever, in or under the said Common and Waste Lands, as well before as after the same shall have been inclosed; and also to erect any Number of Steam and other Engines, Machine and Machines, of what Nature or Kind soever, which they shall think necessary for the Use, Convenience, or Advantage of any Mine or Mines whatsoever, in or upon the said Premises, or any Part thereof; and to place, flack up, and lay all Lead, Copper, Iron, and other Ores, Coals, and other Minerals and Matters which shall be gotten and raised, and all Rubbish, Earth, and Soil upon the said Common and Waste Lands; and also to have, make, and use all convenient Ways, Roads, and Railways* in, upon, and over the said Common and Waste Lands when inclosed, for the Use of any Colliery or Mines sunk or made, or which may be sunk or made in any Part or Parts thereof, and for working and carrying on the fame; and with Carts, Waggons, and other Carriages, to fetch, take, and carry away the Lead, Copper, and Iron Ores, and Coal, and all other Mines and Minerals whatsoever, there to be found and raised as aforesaid, and to do all other reasonable and necessary Acts and Things in and upon the same Common and Waste Lands when inclosed, for the discovering, getting, working, converting, removing, carrying away, felling, and disposing of all Mines, Coal, and other Minerals whatsoever, without any Molcilation or Interruption whatsoever; and all and every such Damage, Trespass, and Injury as shall or may arise or happen to any Allotment or Allotments which shall be set out under this Act to the Owners and Occupiers thereof, shall be afterwards reimbursed to and raised among such Owner and Owners, and Occupiers respectively, other than and except his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Manner herein after mentioned and directed; (that is to say, ) that when and as often as any such Damage or Injunr in any Allotment or Allotments to be set out by virtue of this Act, for or in searching or working the aforesaid Mines and Minerals, or on account of any Works, Buildings, or Concerns relating thereto shall be done, the Person or Persons who shall sustain any such Damage, Trespats, or Injury as aforesaid, shall give Information thereof to any two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Caernarvon, ten Days previous Notice of such Information, frgned by the Person giving the fame, being fixed on the Door of the said Parish Church of Aberdaron; and such Justices shall and are hereby empowered to examine and enquire into such Complaint in a summary Way, and by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered to administer), or by such other Evidence or Proof, Ways or Means, as they shall think proper; and all and every Sum and Sums of Money paid in Satisfaction of such Damages, and the reasonable Charges of giving and prosecuting such Information (to be settled by the said Justices) shall be borne and paid by the Owners or Occupiers of all the Allotments of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, by an equal Rate, to be assessed and charged upon them in respect of their several Allotments, by such Justices, in such Shares

' 8 and

Allotment to the King as Lord of the Manor.

Saving the Right* ol#his Majesty to Minerals.

6a4 C. xxx. — xxxix, 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

and Proportion* as shall be just, according to the rdpcdive yearly Rents or Values, which shall be ascertained and determined by the Assessments to the Poor Rates for the Time being, of the said Allotments, or of the Lands or Hereditaments in respect whereof such Allotments shall have been made; and in case any Person who shall be charged to such equal Rate as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, within the 1 Time to be limited by the said Justices, to the Person informing as aforesaid, then tl*e said Justices shall and are.

hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any), after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, upon Demand; and in case any Occupier of any of the said Allotments shall pay any Part or Share of such equal Rate as aforesaid, every tuch Occupier shall be at Liberty to dedud the feme out of his or her next Rent, and his or her Landlord shall and is hereby required to allow such Deduction.

General Saving. XXXII. Saving always to the King's most excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their respective Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest (other than those meant and intended to be barred and excluded by this Act), as they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed of, in, to, or out of the said Lands and Grounds so directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as aforesaid, before the passing of this Act, or could or might have held or enjoyed in case the same had not been made.

[31 6. 2. c. 56. ao G. 3. c. 1 i.J

[See 34 O. 3. c. 86, 36 G. 3.

[c. 48.]

*f ao.ooool.and 45»ooool.

far7 G. 2. c. 33. Si G. 3. c. 94 ]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, and Common, within the Parish of Richmond, in the North Riding of the County of York.

[15th April 1802.]

[7'he general Powers of 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 109. extended to this Act; and Justices for Richmond, or the North Riding, shall have the same Power as County Justices wider that Ad.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Kempflon, in the County of Bedford.

[15th April 1802.]

' Cap. xxxiii.

An Act for continuing and enlarging (</) the Term and Powers of two several Acts, of the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and of the twentieth Year of his present Majesty, charging a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, 6r fold, within the Town and Parish of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

[30th AprU 1802.]

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for inclosing and improving Mountjoy Square in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Dublin,

[30th April 1802.]

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Somersetshire Coal Canal Navigation, to vary and alter the Lines of the said Canal; to raise Money*for completing the said Canal and Works; and to alter and amend the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts passed for making the said Canal.

[30th April 1802.]

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act for continuing (f) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two several Acts, pasted in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from Westwood Gate in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, through the Towns of Rushden and Higham Ferrers, and over Artleborough Bridge, to the Turnpike Road in Barton Seagrave Lane in the Parish of Barton Seagrave, in the County of Northampton.

[30th AprU 1802.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and others granted. Rate of Interfl altered.']

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for continuing (/) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of three several Acts passed in [17 G. tSi. 31. the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the thirteenth and

13 c. 87. twenty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the

ax G. 3.-C. 103.] Toll Gate in the Parish of Kettering, through the Town of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, and through Olney, over Sherrington Bridge, to Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks; and for repairing and widening or rebuilding the said Sherrington Bridge.

[30th April 1802.]

[.Amount of Tolls and Rate of Interest altered.]

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from [S2G. 3. C. 106.] the Turnpike Road in the Horse Fair, in the Town of Banbury in the County of Oxford, through Swalcliffh in the said County of Oxford, and through Brailes in the County of Warwick, to the Bridge crofting the River Stour, in the Parish of Barcheston, in the said County of Warwick. (b) [30th April 1802.]

Capm

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for continuing (/) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-

second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, [»aC. 3*c* Io6*l the Road from Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Barnhill, in the County of Chester; and for making, amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road branching out of the said Road at a Place called Pwll-y-rbwyd, in the said County of Denbigh, to the Borough of Holt, in the same County, [30th April 1802.]

£Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.']

v Cap. xl.

An Act for making and maintaining a new Road, to extend from or near to a Place called Beattoek, in the Parish of Kirkpatrick Juxta, in the County of Dumfries, by the Boroughs of Lochmaben and Annan, to the River of Sark, at or near to the present Bridge there, [30th April 1802.]

Cap. xli.

An Act for vesting several Messuages and Hereditaments in Sheffield in the County of York, and divers detached Parts of the settled Estates of the most noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, in Trustees, upon Trull to fell; and for laying out the Monies, in the Purchase of more convenient Estates, and otherwise.

[30th April 1802.]

Cap. xlii.

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and appropriating the Commons, Waste Grounds, and Modes, within the Manor or Township oiEgton with Newland in the Parish of Ulverffon, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[30th April 1802.]

Cap. xliii.

An Act for improving the Tmmouth Callle Light-House and Light; and for authorizing additional Light Duties in respect of such Improvement.

[4th May 1802.]

\Custom-House shall not give clearance till Duties are paid, §2. The Light Houseshall he under the InffeOum, Este* of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Ne wcastle-upon-T y ne f 4.3

Cap. xliv.

An Act for continuing (£) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two several Acts, passed in the twenty-Gxth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester, through Burton-upon-Trent, in the County of Stafford, and to the Cock Inn in Tutbury, in the said County.

/ [4th May 1802.]

Cap. xlv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from a Place called The Crown Hill, in the Town of Newent, in the County of Gloucester, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Hereford, toward*

Newnham, in the County of Gloucester; and also another Road leading from the Bottom of Kilcott Hill, in the Parish of Newent aforesaid, towards the Town and Forest of Deane, in the County of Gloucester, with a Branch from the same towards Ledbury, in the County of Hereford. (£) [4th May 1802.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for authorizing the Trustees of the Will of the Honourable Richard Walpole to fell certain Parts of his of Estates, in the County of Norfolk, for the Payment of his Debts.

[4th May 1802.]

Cap. xlvii.

An Act for building and maintaining a House of Co*rection in and for the City and County of Aberdeen, and, for raising a fund for defraying the Charges of apprehending, prosecuting, and subsisting Criminals, Rogues, and Vagabonds, found within the said City and Liberties thereof.

[7th May 1802.]

[Magistrates empoweredt make an AJfeJJment of \d. per^. on Lands, and of id. per £. on Houses, {called Rogue*

Money, J for defraying the Charges of apprehending and prosecuting Criminals, Rogues, and Vagabonds, in the said

City and liberties, and sub/tfling them in Prison, §23, 24.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for opening "several new Streets in the Town of Kilmarnock and County of Ayr 5 for altering^ and widening some of the Streets, Lanes, and Passages within the said Town; for building two new Bridges over the Water of Kilmarnock; for removing the present Slaughter-houses in the said Town, and building new ones, and a Town-hall, and Guard-house 5 for enlarging and repairing the Gaol or Tolbooth; for enlarging the Burial Ground of the said Town; for paving the said Towns and Places adjoining thereto, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Magistrates of the said Town over certain adjacent Lands.

[7th May 1802.]

[Tollsshall cease, as soon at the Expenses of carrying into Execution all the Purposes of the Act shall be completely satisfied and paid, §12.]

4 L Cap.

f6 C. c. S5. t9 G. 3. c. 85.

42 Geo. III.

626 C. xlix.

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

Cap. xlix.

An Act to authorize the Advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for completing the Canal, and other Works, which by an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of London, were directed to be made and done by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

[7th May : 8o2.J

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Pert of London; whereby ' the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, were empowered to make and maintain a navigable Canal, with necessary Cuts, Flood Gates, and other Works adjoining or belonging thereto, to pass through the Trad of Land, called The Isle of Dogs, in the Parish of Stcbonheath otherwise Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, and to communicate with the River Thames at or near Blacl'wall in the said Parish, and also at or near a Place called Limehouse Hole 111 or near the Parish of Saint Ann, Linuhouse, in the said County, foasto provide a safe and convenient navigable Passage for Ships

) 15. 4 across the said Isle of Dogs; and the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, were empowered, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, to purchase Houses, Landsj Tenements, and Hereditaments in the Parishes aforesaid, within certain prescribed Limits, but no Person of Corporation was thereby compellable to fell any Part less than the Whole of any House, Building or Parcel of Land in theadual Occupation of one Person, or < of several Persons jointly, although only Part thereof might be wanted for the Purposes of the said Act; and the Premises so to be purchased were to be conveyed to and vested in the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, and their Successors; and the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, were thereby em-$3!, powered to fell any such Hereditaments so to be purchased as might not be necessary to be made Use of in

executing the Purposes of that Ad; and in Consideration of the great Charges to be occasioned by making the said Can$l and other Works therein before authorized to be made by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Com-

4 , 34. 4 mons, -certain Rates or Duties of Tonnage were by the said Act made payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and

Successors, for the Term of fourteen Yean next ensuing the passing of that Ad, for Ships and other Vessels

§ 15t. 4 trading to or ufnig the Port of London; and it was thereby enacted, that there should be advanced and paid

from and out of all or any of the Duties, Revenues, and Incomes, composing the Fund called The Consolidated

Fund, upon the Credit of the same Rates and Duties, any such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of seventy-two thousand Pounds, as should be necessary and sufficient for the Purposes next therein after mentioned, to'be applied by the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in the first place in paying one Half of the Charges of obtaining the said Act, and afterwards in purchasing the Lands and Hereaitaments which should be purchased by the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, and their Successors as aforesaid, and in paying the Charges of making and completing the said Canal and other Works, which were to be made and done by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons in pursuance of that Ad, and afterwards in discharging all the necessary Expences of managing, repairing, and preserving the same Canal and other Works for three Years after publick Notice of their being ready for Use, and also in paying, during the same three Years, such Sums of Money as were therein before directed to be paid by the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, and their Successors, for Losses and Deficiencies of Tythes, Taxes, Sewer Rates and §152. other Rates, and Assessment9; and it was thereby further enacted, that there should also be advanced and

paid, from and out of the said Consolidated Fund, upon the Credit of the said Rates and Duties thereby made payable to .his Majesty, his heirs and Successors, such Sums of Money as should be sufficient for making certain Compensations therein particularly mentioned, and thereby entrusted to the Care and Management of certain Commissioners appointed and to be appointed, by virtue of the said Act; and it was thereby further enacted, that the Monies which should be produced by the Rates and Duties made payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by that Ad, should be applied in the Manner therein and in Part herein after mentioned; (that is to say), in the first place, To much thereof should be paid into the Chamber of the City of London as should be sufficient for defraying the necessary Charges of repairing, altering and renewing the Mooring Chains in the River Thames, and of laying down new or other Mooring Chains therein, and for paying the Salaries of the Harbour Masters and their Assistants, pursuant to that Ad, and subject thereto; the Residue of such Monies so to be produced should be applied, from Time to Time, in repaying and replacing to the said Consolidated Fund, all such Sums of Money as should be advanced and paid thereout in pursuance of that Ad, with Interest for the same respectively, in the mean Time, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and that when all such Monies should be fully repaid with Interest, then and from thenceforth such Residue of the Monies to be produced by the said Rates and Duties should be disposed of as next thereinafter is directed: And whereas the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons have made great Progress in cxcarating the said Canal, and performing the other Works by the Lid recited Act directed to be made and done^15. 4 by them: And whereas by reason of a Clause in the said recited Act, compelling the Purchase of the Whole of any Building or Parcel of Land in theadual Occupation of one Person, or of several Persons jointly, although only Part thereof might be wanted for the Purposes of the said Act, and thereby causing more Bvildingsand much larger Quantities of Laud to be necessarily purchased than were actually wanted for the Purpolls aforesaid, and by reason of Satisfaction being made to Parties interested in Premises purchased under the said Act, for Goodwill, Improvements, and Injury or Damage, as thereby directed, and of a great Advance in the Prices of Timber, Iron, and other Materials used in the said Works, the Charges and Expence9 4 of making and completing the said Canal, and other Works, are likely very far to exceed the Estimate originally made thereof; and the find Sum of seventy-two thousand Pounds by the said recited Act authorized

and directed to be advanced, paid, and applied as aforesaid, will therefore be iiisufficient for the Purposes to

j 4 which

A.D. 1802. 4.2" GEORGII III. C.xlix. 1.

which the same is so made applicable: And whereas in consequence of the last mentioned Clause in the said recited Act, there have been purchased and conveyed, and agreed to be conveyed, to the said Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, and their Successors, under the Powers given by the same Act in that Behalf, divers Houses, Buildings, and Parcels of Land, of very considerable Value, which not being wanted or necessary for any of the Purposes of the said Act must be sold, to the Intent that the Monies so to arise may be ready for Application: And whereas it is expedient that Power should be given to advance out of the said Consolidated Fund, further Sums of Money for completing the said Canal and other Works, in Addition to the said Sum of seventy-two thousand Pounds; and that the Monies to arise by Sale of the said Premises which have been so as aforesaid purchased, and are not wanted for the said Purposes, should be applied, as far as the)4 same will extend, in replacing to the said Consolidated Fund the additional Monies so to be advanced thereout as last mentioned, and that such further Provision should be made as herein after is expressed, for re-paying to the said Fund all Monies advanced ami to be advanced thereout for the Purposes in the said recited Act, and this present Act, mentioned and directed; but ir.as much as the same cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be advanced and paid from and out of all or any of the Duties, Revenues, and Incomes, composing the Fund, called The ConfoRdaied Fund, upon the Credit of, and to be replaced to the said Fund by Monies to arise by Sale as aforesaid, and by the Rates and Duties by the said recited Act granted or made payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, any such further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of fifty thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, as, together with the said Sum of seventy-two thousand Pounds so already advanced or to be advanced as aforesaid, shall be necessary and sufficient for the Purposes next herein after mentioned, the same to be paid by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, into the Chamber of the City of London, from Time to Time, as and when wanted, and to be applied and disposed of by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City of London, in Common Council assembled, for such and the same Purposes, and in such and the same Manner, in all Respects as are in and by the said recited Act mentioned and directed, of and edneeming the said Sum of £eventy-t\vo thousand Pounds, anil as if such further Sum or Sums had been Part thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the net or clear Monies to arise and he received by the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, and their Successors, by Sale of all or any Part or Parts of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, purchased or to be purchased in pursuance and by virtue of the said recited Act, as shall no; be necessary to be retained for or made Use of in executing any of the Purposes of that Act shall as and when such Monies shall be received be applied from Time to Time as far as the same will extend, in or towards repaying and replacing to the said Consolidated Fuhd, all or any such Sums of Money as shall he advanced and paid thereout in pursuance of this Act, with Interest for the same respectively, in the mean Time, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum; but the Receipt or Receipts, or other Discharge or Dischargesof the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, or of their Suc-ceflfors, for the Purchase Money for which any such Premises shall be sold by them as aforesaid, shall neverthe-leffl be a sufficient Discharge or sufficient Discharges to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for io much of such Purchase Money as in such Receipt or Receipts respectively shall be acknowledged to be received; and such Purchaser or Purchasers shall not afterwards be obliged to fee to the Application thereof.

III. 4 And, in order the more eff ftually to provide for the replacing of the Monies advanced and to be advanced out of the said Consolidated Fund, in Obedience to the said recited Act and this Act be* it also enacted, That the Rates and Duties by the said recited Act granted or made payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as therein is expressed, for and upon Ships and other Vessels trading to, frequenting, or using the Port of London, shall be and are hereby charged with the Repayment to the said Consolidated Fund oi the Monies to be advanced thereout in pursuance of this Act, and such Interest thereon as aforesaid, and shall be payable and applicable for and towards the replacing of such Monies to the said Fund with Interest, in the fume Order, or Courie and Manner, in all Respects, as if such Lit mentioned Monies had been advanced thereout as Part of the said Sum of seventy-two thousand Pound.', in pursuance of the said recited Act; and that all the lame Rates and Duties shall continue payable, and be colic ft rd, received, and taken, and tire Monies which shall, from Time to Time, be received and produced from and by means of the same, shall be applied and disposed of as in and by the said recited Act and this Act is mentioned and directed, until all such Sums ol Money as are already advanced and paid, and which shall hereafter he advanced and paid from and out of the said Consolidated Fund, in pursuance of the said recited Act and of this Act, or either of them, shall be thereby and therewith or otherwise fully repaid and replaced to the said Fund, with Interest for the same Sums respectivelf, in the mean Time, at the Rate of live Pounds per Centum per Annum; the said Limitation of fourteen \ ears, or any other Matter or Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

Expences of this Act shall be paid out of Money advanced, J 4. Powers of 39 G. 3. cap. lxix. extended to this Act, §5."

Cup. 1.

An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for draining the Low Grounds and Carrs lying in the fevered Pa rifles, To-unjkips, and Places, of Keyinglram, Keyingliain Marsh, Ryhill and Camerton, inuftwick and Skeckling, Burton Pidiea, and Ridgmont, Ottringham, Halfham, O wit wick, Roofs, Rimfwvll, Tunllall, Waxholme, Lliternwick, Lel-levi Humbleton, Fitlii.g, Hilfton, Carton, Albrough, Flinton, and Tanfterne, within the Seigniory o/-Holder-neis, and East Riding of the County of York, and to render more clRciual the Drainage of all and singular the Lauds and Grounds within the hud several Parishes, Townships, and Places, and within all other Townships,

4 L 2 Handels,

627

Power to Advance a further Sum of 50, 000l. out of the Cor.so-lidated Fund.

Mcniesto aiilr by refale of Pie-rolfes purchased bylhe City, shall be applied in replacing laid 50, 0002.

As shall nlfo the Kales and Duties 1 y the recited A it granted f his Majesty.

f 12 G. 2. c. 64.

628

U. c.^wr.)

c. xcv.]

[iSG. 3- 7.]

[to Anrr. c. 6.]

Penalty for damaging any Works, (e. 58.) Angle Felony.

C.I. — lviii. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

Hamlets, and Places, within or Parcel or Member of the several Parishes mentioned, or any of them respectively.

[7th May 1802.]

[Persons destroying or damaging Works, declared guilty of Misdemeanors, punishable by Fine and Impri-

fonment only, f 39.]

Cap. ii.

An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from, or nearly from, Porthaethwy Ferry, otherwise called Bangor Ferry, in the County of Carnarvon, to or near to Pentre Voelas, in the Parish of Llanufydd, in the County of Denbigh. (£) [7th May 1802.]

Cap. lii.

An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to the City of IVfiichester, and from the said City through Bellmour Lane, to the Top of Stephens Castle Down, near the Town of Bishop's Waltham, in the said County, and from the said City of Winchester, through Ottorbome to Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton; as relates to the South District of the Southampton Road.

[7th May 1802.]

Cap. liii.

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of John Williams Esquire, devised by the Will of Peekham Williams Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging an Incumbrance thereon.

[7th May 1802.]

Cap liv.

An Act for vesting the Entirety of certain Hereditaments in the County of Middlesex, and an undivided Moiety of certain other Hereditaments, in the same County, respectively devised, in Arid Settlement, by the Will of John Lefevre Efauire, deceased, in Charles Shaw Lefevre Esquire, and his Heirs, and for settling the Entirety of certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Southampton, in lieu thereof, and to the like Uses.

[7th May 1802.]

Cap. lv.

An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways and, Bridges in the County of Wigtown; and for the more effectually amending, widening, altering, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the High Bridge of Cree, by Newton Douglass, Glen-luce, and Stranraer, to Port Patrick, and from Stranraer to the Confines of the County of Ayr near the Cairn of Lochryan; and for levying a Conversion Money in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County of. §23.3 [24th May 1802.]

Cap. lvi.

An Act for enlarging the present, or providing an additional Workhouse for the Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent, for rafting Money for that Purpose; for the better ascertaining and collecting the Poor Rates; and for the better Relief, Government, and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish.

[&*4i G. 3. (U.K.) cap. lxii.] [24th May 1802.]

Cap. lvii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for erecting a Workhouse in the City and County of the City of Norwich, for the better Employment and maintaining the Poor there, so tar as the same relates to the erecting a new Workhouse within the said City and County, for the better Maintenance of the Poor thereof.

[24th May 1802.]

Cap. lviii.

An Act for draining, preserving from Water, and improving, certain Low Lands and Grounds, lying within the several Parishes or Chapelries of Wookey, Westbury, Rodney-Stoke', Wedmore, Mear, Weare, Nyland, Badg-worth, Biddisham, East Brent, South Brent, Cheddar, Axb ridge, Compton Bishop, Loxton, Bleadon, Brean, Ber-row, and Lympsham, all in the County of Somerset; and for altering and improving the Navigation of the River Axe, within the said Parishes of Bleadon, Lympsham, Loxton, East Brent, Compton Bishop, Biddisham, Badgworth, Weare, and Axbridge, some or one of them, above and from a certain Place called Southern Mead Barrs, situate within the said Parish of Bleadon.

[24th May 1802.]

XLV. And, for preventing the breaking down or damaging any of the Works which shall be made or ad- tered in pursuance of this Act, or otherwise obstructing the Execution of the same be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully or designedly damage any Cut, Drain, or Watercourse, Floodgate, Outlet, Clice, Sluice, Bridge, or other Work or Works already made or erected, or which shall at any Time or Times hereafter be made or erected for answering any of the Purposes of this Act, all and every Person and Persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony, and the Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punish^d in such Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or the Court may, if they shall think fit, in Mitigation of such Punishment, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny. " Obstruding Commissioners, $cc. in execution of the Act, 10l."

Cap.

e

C.lix. — lxvi

629

42° GEORGII III.

Cap. lix.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Ad passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the thirty second Ttar of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for amending and widening the Roads leading from Stretford's Bridge, in the County of Hereford, to the New Inn, in the Parish 1 of Winftanftow, in the County of Salop, and also the Road from Bluemantle Hall, near Mortimer's Cross, to 1 Aymflrey, in the said County of Hereford; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the twenty second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Mortimer'sjCrofs to Aymstrey Bridge.'

[24th May 1802.]

Cap. lx.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, pafltd in the ninth and twenty eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein described, so far as the same relate to the Road from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culbam Bridge, and to a Place called Mile Stone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County.

[24th May 1802.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted, — Double Tolls on Sundays

Cap. lxi.

An Act to continue (b) the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from th* Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chefer, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Bars at Boughton within the Liberties of the City of Chefer, to Whitchurch aforesaid, being the first District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned.

[24th May 1802.]

[Tolls altered

Cap. lxii.

An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Worthing, in the Parish of Broadwater, in the County of Sussex, by Findon, Wa/btngton Hill Rock, and AJbington Common, to Dial Pofi, and from thence, by Nep Caffe and Bay bridge Lane, to the Sjeymng Turnpike, at Wef Grinfed Park, in the said County, (b) [24th May 1802.]

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End, in Kent-Street, in the Parish of Saint George Southwark, to Dartford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, and for more effectually repairing and improving the said Roads, and for lighting and watching, or guarding the fame; and also for increasing the Compositions payable in lieu of Statute Duty, by the.Parishes of Eafi Greenwich and Saint Paul Deptford, to the Treasurer of the said Roads. (/)[24th May 1802.]

[$0 much of the Road leading from Stones End in Bermondsey-street, to the Turnpike at St. Thomas a Watering, ms lies in the Parish of Bermondsey, {being about I of a Mile, ) shall in future be kept in Repair by Trustees of Bermondsey Turnpike Road, under 38 G. 3. c, xxxv. and not under this Act, or the Aa repealed hereby, §56. — Trustees under this Act Jballpay 150l. per Annum to Trustees under 38 G, 3. for keeping said Road in Repair, §58.]

Cap. Ixiv.

An Act for repairing, widening, antt altering, the Road leading from the South End of Brown's Lane, in the Parish of Great Staughton, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Bedford Turnpike Road in the Parish of Lavendon, in the County of Buckingham. (/) [24th May 1802.]

Cap. lxv.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, one passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the thirty-nine Mile Stone, at the Upper End of Stone Street, in the Town of Maidfone, in the County of Kent, to a certain Place called Tubbs Lake, in the Parish of Cranbrook, in the said County.

[24th May 1802.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the fifth and nineteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads in the County of Carmarthen, so far as relate to the Kidwelly District of Roads therein mentioned 5 for discharging the Trustees from the Care of a Part of the Roads within the said District, and for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the North Side of a Bridge called Poni-y-Gribenlwyd-ar-Gwilly to a Bridge called Pont-ar-ddy-lais, and from thence to the Rive Loucher, in the Parish of Llanedy, in the County of Carmarthen [24th May 1802.]

Cap

[21 G. 3. C.T05.

[continuing 32 G. a. c. 6.]

[9 G. 2. c. 14. 28 C. 2. c. 42.]

[21 G. 3.C. 97.]

[33 G. i. c. 5f. 18 G. 3. c. 36.]

r*i G. 3. c. 100.

[See 16 G. 1, c. 100.]

27 G. 2. c. 38.

3t G. 2. c. 57. 1 G, 3. c. 43.

[SG.3. c. 76. 19 G. 3. c. 103.]

A.D. 1802.

630 C. lxvii, — lxxi. 42° GEORGII III.

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for rectifying a Mistake in a Settlement, made by the Right Honourable John late Earl of Bute, and the Right Honourable Mary Worthy, late Countess of Bute and Baroness Mountjluart, his Wife, both deceased* [24th May 1802.]

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of George Silvertop Esquire, in Pont Island, otherwise Pont Ealand, in the County of Northumberland\ and Winlaton in the County of Durham, in Trustees to be sold; and for applying the Money toarifeby such Sale in or toward the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of John Silvertop Esquire, deceased; and for annexing the Rectory and Tythee of the Parish Church of By well Saint Peter, in the said County of Northumberland, held by a Lease for twenty-one Years, to the Uses of the Will of the said late John Silvertop; and for vesting in the said George Silvertop several Parts or Shares of certain Coal Mines or Collieries in Stella Kyo-Field, Chopwell, and the Parish of Ryton, in the said County of Durham, heretofore belonging to the said John Silvertop, moilly held by the like Tenure; and for enabling the said George Silvertop to charge Part of the settled Eliases with the Sum of five thousand Pounds, and to authorize the Executors of the said John Silvertop to pay to the said George Silvertop the Sum of two hundred and thirty-five Pounds, and deliver to him the Household Furniture, and other Goods and Chattels, for his own Benefit; and also for veiling hi« Ellate in Minster Acres in the said County of Northumberland, in Trustees, to certain Uses, and to the Uses of the said Will. f24th May 1802.]

Power for the Crown to appoint an Assistant Commissioner.

A"o'rrem to the

Kind's most

Ext e lent Majesty.

Cap. lxix.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Henllan in the County of Denbigh.

[24th May 1802.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parish of Henllan in the County of Denbigh, divers Commons and Waste Lands: And whereas the King's most Excellent Majesty, in Right of his Crown, is entitled to the 1 Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands, as Part of the Lordship of Denbigh and Denbigh Land, except

as herein after mentioned, ' &c.

44 A Commissioner appointed for dividing and allotting said Waste Lands, subject to the regulation in

" 41 G. 3. (U.K.)c. 109. $ i.M

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor General of his Majesty's Land Revenue, for the Time being, may, from Time to Time, by Writing under his Hand, nominate and appoint an Assistant Commissioner to carry this Act into Execution, as far as relates to his Majesty's Rights and Interests to and in the said Commons and Waste Lands; and such Assistant Commissioner, before he proceeds to the Execution thereof, shall take the same Oath as the Commissioner hereby appointed or hereafter to be appointed is required to take; and such Assistant Commissioner shall be paid at the Rate of two Pounds and two Shillings for every Day that he shall be actually employed in the Execution of the Duty hereby in him reposed, including the Days of travelling to and from his Place of Abode, in full Satisfaction for his Trouble and Expences, and shall bear and pay his own Expences during the Time he shall be so employed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall (after the Boundaries directed to be set ant and ascertained by the said recited Act shall have been ascertained and fully determined, and the Roads, and the several Allotments for getting Materials and for Sale as herein-before mentioned shall have been set out and assigned, and before any other Allotment shall be made or set out), allot or set out to the King's most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Concurrence and Approbation in Writing of the said Assistant Commissioner, and not otherwise, so much and such Part or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Lands as shall be equal to one-twentieth part in Value of so much thereof as lies within the said Lordship of Denbigh, and not included within the said Manor of iTwch Person (of which said Allotment of one-twentieth part in Value, an equal and rateable Proportion finll be set out in, upon, and from that Part of the said Commons and Waste Lands known by the Name oi Denbigh Green).

Commissioner shall take an Extract in Parchment under his Hand and Seal of so much of the Awards as re- latcsto his Majesty's Allotment, and a Map or Plan thereof, an£transmit same within six Months to Sur- veyor General of the Land Revenue, §25. Saving the Rights of the King to all Mines, &c. §30. Provided Sa- tisfaction be made for any Damage or Injury committed by the working of Mines, $31. General Saving, §32."

Cap. Ixx.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Moor or Common, Open Fields, Stinted Pa (111 res, and other Commonable Lands, within the Township of Michleton, and Parish of Rotnaldhirh, in the North Riding of the County of TorL'.

[24th May 1802.]

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for enabling certain Persons in the Town and Port of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to ert ft an Exchange there, for the Accommodation of themselves, and the Merchants and others concerned in Trade in the said Town and Port; and for incorporating the Proprietors thereof.

[28th May 1802.]

WHEREAS the Merchants, Brokers, Underwriters, and others concerned in Trade and Commerce, in 4 \V the Town and Port of Liverpool, have for a long Time pall experienced great Inconvenience from the

Want of a publick Exchange, and Rooms or Buildings, for the Purpose of transacting the general Trade and Business of the said Town and Port: And whereas Plans and Fropofals for erecting an extensive and

631

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C. lxxi. — lxxiii.

Ornamental Range of PuLlic Buildings, and for fonning a spacious Area on the North Side of the present Town Hall, by Subscription, have been approved of at a General Meeting of the Merchants and t other Inhabitants of the said Town, and the Sum of eighty thousand Pounds, in Shares of one hundred Pounds, was subscribed, and a Committee of twenty-three of such Subscribers was nominated for the Purpose of carrying the said Undertaking into Effect; and the Members of such Committee have, in pursuance of the Powers and Authorities vested in them, contracted and agreed for the entire Purchase of all and Angular the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments comprized within the Limits required for the Purposes aforesaid, but inafmtich as such Committee, and the Proprietors at large of the said Undertaking,

will be unable to cany the same into Execution without the Aid of Parliament: And whereas it would tend

greatly to the more effectual Completion of the said Undertaking, if the several Subscribers thereto were iu- corporated, and invelled with such Powers and Authorities as may be requisite for carrying the Purposes aforesaid into Execution: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, ' &c.

Certain Persons named incorporated under the Title of the Company of the Proprietors of the Liverpool " Exchange, §1. Power to take Conveyances of Pretnifes within the Boundaries required for the Building, §2.

And to flop lip High Street to a certain Extent, and make another Street in lieu thereof, §3. And to erect the intended Buildings, §5. An Area shall be formed in Front of the Exchange to be appropriated to certain Uses: and two public Rooms provided for Commercial Business, §6. As soon as the Undertaking shall " have become productive beyond the Expenditure, the Gains of the Concern shall be divided amongst the Proprietors in Proportion to their Shares, § n. &c. Reservation of the Rights of the Common Council of Liverpool under 26. G. 3. c. 12: And of the Rights and Powers of th^Liverpool Water Works Company, under 44 39 G. 3. c. xxxvi. — A 26, 27, "

Cap. ixxii.

An Act for completing the rebuilding of the Tower of the Parish Church of Saint Anne, within the Liberty of IVfminster in the County of Middlesex, and a new Vestry Room, Watch House, Engine House, and Vaults, for the Use of the said Parish, and for repairing the said Church, improving the Church Yard, and making certain Regulations relating to the said Parish.'[28th May 1802.]

[Annuities granted under this A El are expressly exempted from being regtjlered under 17 G. 3. c. 26. The 100l. per Annum to the Re El or under A El of 13 Car. 2. for separating the Parish of Saint Anne from that of Saint Martin, shall in futuir be payable out of the Poor Rates, $34.]

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any poor Person or Persons shall be ordered to be Removal of removed from the said Parish of Saint Anne, to the Parish or Place of his, her, or their legal or supposed legal Poor. Settlement, it shall be lawful for the Overseers of the Poor for the Time being of the said Parish, to cause such poor Person or Persons to be removed in the usual Manner of removing Paupers, by some Person or Persons to be appointed by such Overseera for that Purpose, by Writing under their Hands; and every Overseer of the Poor, or other proper Officer of the Parish or Place to which such poor Person or Persons shall be ordered to be removed as aforesaid, shall and is hereby required to receive every such poor Person or Persons in like Manner as he would have been if such poor Person or Persons had been delivered to such Officer by one of the Overseers of the Potfr of the said Parish of Saint Anne; any Law, Cullom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for raisinga further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution three several Acts, passed in the thirty-fifth, thirty-eighth, and in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar; and for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hid; and for raising on the Credit of the Orphans Fund a Sum of Money for those Purposes; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging the Powers of the said Acts.

[28th May 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar; for making a 4 more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill; and for raising on the Credit of the Orphans Fund a Sum of Money for those Purposes, whereby the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, were empowered to borrow and raise in the Manner therein expressed, the Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds upon the Credit of the Fund therein described or mentioned, called The Orphans Fund, to be applied to the Purposes of the said Act: And whereas an Act was passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers of the before mentioned

Act, And whereas an Act was passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution the said two recited Acts of the thirty-fifth and thirty-eighth Years, and for explaining and amending the said Acts; by which said Act of the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years aforesaid, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Commoa Council assembled, were empowered to borrow and raise in the Manner therein expressed the further Sum of thirty thousand Pounds upon the Credit of the said Fund, called The Orphans Fund; and also the further Sum of sixty thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the said Orphans Fund, and of the Monies to arise by Sale of the Ground Rents and Reversion, Freehold and Inheritance of so many and such Parcels of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be purchased, and of the Lands to be taken from the Streets pursuant to the said recited Acts, as should not be laid open for or otherwise appropriated to the Use of the Publick, the said Sums of thirty thousand Pounds and sixty thousand Pounds to be applied to the Purposes in the said three several Acts mentioned and expressed, and the Interest of both the said last mentioned Sums i was charged upon the said Fund called The Orphans Fund, in Manner and under ihe Provisoes and Conditious in the said last mentioned Act contained: And whereas it is expedient that the said Mayor, Aldermen,

1 and

135G. 3. C.I26]

[3*G.3. c. Ixi j

[39 &40

c.xlii.J

0.3.

632

Common Council enabled to raise 50, 000! wore.

The Orphan!

Fund charged with such Annuities but not with the Principal.

Future Surplusses of the said Fund, how to be employed.

C. lxxiii. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, in order to enable them to carry on and

complete the Improvements in the said three Ada, and in this Act mentioned, and to fulfil the other Purposea

of the said Acts, and of this Act, should be empowered to raise and borrow upon the Credit of the said Fond called The Orphans Fund, and of the Monies to arise by Sale of the Ground Rents and Estates to be sold by them in pursuance and by virtue of the said three recited Acts, the further Sum of fifty thousand Pounds, the

Interest only of the said Sum of fifty thousand Pounds to be charged on the said Fund called The Orphans9Fund: And whereas the Income of the Caid Fund called The Orphans Fund, has for several Years pad so much increased as to afford a reasonable Probability, that if the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in

Common Council assembled, were enabled t6 raise the said Sum of fifty thousand Pounds to be applied to tht9 Purposes aforesaid, the Suroluffes of the said Fund will be amply sufficient to pay the Interest on the afore-9 said Sum of fifty thousand Pounds until redeemed in Manner herein after mentioned, together with the Debt9 and Sums of Money already charged thereon, previous to the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, to which Period the Whole of the Rates and Charges applicable to the said Fuqd are to remain and continue by virtue of several Acts of Parliament for that Purpose heretofore passed

and made, as in the said herein-before recited Act of the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty is particularly mentioned and expressed: And whereas considerable Progresshas been made in

carrying the said three Acts into Execution, as well at Temple Bar as at Snow Hill; but the several Pbjefts

and Purposes of the said Acts may not probably be fully earned into Effect, done, and completed within the Time now limited for the doing and completing the fame, in and by the said recited Acts of the thirty-fifth

and thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty; and in order to prevent as much as possible the

disturbing of the Graves in the Church Yard of the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, the said Mayor, AHermen, and Commons, are desirous to purchase certain Houses at the West End of the Place called Saini Clement's Church Yard, in Addition to those mentioned and particularized in the said recited Act of the ' thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and for the more effectually improving the North

Side of the Strand aforesaid, also to purchase the Houses and Buildings in Robin Hood Court, near Saint Clement's Church Yard aforesaid; and for rendering more commodious the Way or Passage at Snow Hill and Holborn Bridge, likewise to purchase the Houses and Buildings at the Entrance into the King's Arms Inn, at Holborn Bridge aforesaid; and it will also be necessary in order to complete the Improvements at Snow Hill, that the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons should be empowered to make and erect good and sufficient Drains f and Sewers there; but the same cannot be done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament $ therefore*

upon the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council ' assembled May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, at any Time or Times from and after the passing of this Act, to raise by Annuities upon the Credit of the said Fund called The Orphans Fund, and of the Monies to arise by Sale of the Ground Rents and Reversion, Freehold, and Inheritance of so many and such Parcels of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, heretofore purchased, or hereafter to be purchased, and of the Lands already taken, or hereafter to be taken, from the Streets, pursuant to the said recited Acts, or this Act, as shall not be laid open for or otherwise appropriated to the Use of the Publick, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of fifty thousand Pounds, over and above the Sum of sixty thousand Pounds charged upon the same Funds under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty; all the said Monies to be paid into the Receipt of the Chamber of the said City of London, by such Instalments, in such Proportions, and at such Times a6 the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall direct; and the Person who shall contract to advance or contribute any Part of the said Monies, shall in respect of the Sums which they shall so respectively advance, be entitled to Annuities at such Rates of Interest as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think reasonable; to commence from Christmas Day last past, to be payable Half-yearly, and to continue until Redemption thereof by Payments of each respective Principal Sum.

4i Common Council shall cause Bonds or other Securities to be given for such Annuities, assignable by Indorsement, §2d9

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Fund called The Orphans Fund shall be, and the same is hereby charged and made chargeable with the Annuities which shall be payable in respect of the said Sum of fifty thousand Pounds to be borrowed and raised under and by virtue of this Act; subject nevertheless, and without Prejudice, to the Payment of the Interest on the Principal Debts remaining due to the Orphans and other Creditors of the said City, and to the Payment of the several Annuities which are or shall be payable in respect of the several Principal Sums borrowed and raised upon the Credit of the said Fund by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament already passed and now in force.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, out of the future Surplusses of the said Orphans Fund (after referring so much Money as will be sufficient to satisfy the Interest payable from Time to Time to the Orphans and other Creditors of the said City, as also to satisfy the Annuities and yearly Interest, payable from Time to Time in respect of the several other Principal Sums raised and borrowed by virtue or under the Authority of the several Acts of Parliament already passed for that Purpose and now iu force), the Annuities payable and to be payable in respect of the said Sum of fifty thousand Pounds authorized and directed to be raised and borrowed under and by virtue of this Act, shall be paid from Time to Time, as the same shall grow due, before any Part of such Surplusses shall be applied in Redemption of the Annuities and the Payment of the Principal Moniea already charged upon the said Fund; and that the Residue of such Surplusses, after such Payments as by this

2 Act

e

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. f.lxxiii. — lxxv.

Act or by any Act or Acts of Parliament already passed and now in force, arc directed to be made out of the same, shall be paid and fatiefied, shall from Time to Time, by Order of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of London, (which Order the said Court are hereby authorized and directed to make), be by the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being applied towards the Redemption of all and singular the Annuities payable in respect of the said Sum of thirty thousand Pounds, charged on the said Fund under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, in such Order and Course as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall think fit.

" Upon Notice of Redemption of Annuities, and Tender of the Monies, the Annuities shall cease, §5.

Deficiencies shall be paid out of the Chamber of London, §6."

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of fifty thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be so raised as aforesaid, after Payment thereout of the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act (and which Expences it shall be lawful to retain and pay accordingly), shall be applied for pr towards the Purposes of the said recited Acts of the thirty-fifth and thirty-eighth Years, and of the said recited Act of the thirty-ninth and foitieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and of this Act, and that no Part thereof shall be applicable or applied to or for any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; and that if any Surplus shall remain of the said Sum of fifty thousand Pounds, over and above what shall be applied for the Purposes aforesaid, such Surplus shall be appropriated and applied for or towards the Redemption of the Annuities to be granted under and by virtue of this Act in respect of any other Part of the said Sum of fifty thousand Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the clear Monies which shall from Time to Time arise and be produced from or by Means of such Sales of the Ground Rents and other Rents, and of the Reversion, Freehold, and Inheritance of so many and such Parcels of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments already purchased or to be purchased, and of Lands already taken or to be taken from the Streets, pursuant to the said recited Acts and this Act, as shall not be laid open for or otherwise appropriated to the Use of the Publick, as are authorized to be made by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council afferabled, under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and which shall remain after Payment of the Costs and Charges incident to such Sales respectively, shall fjrocn Time to Time, by Order of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of London (which Order the said Court are hereby authorized and directed to make), be by the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being, applied and disposed of, in the first Place, in or towards redeeming the Annuities granted in respect of the said Sum of fnety thousand Pounds under and by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, and in the next Place, in or towards redeeming the Annuities to be granted in respect of the said Sum of fifty thousand Pounds by this Ah authorized to be raised, to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall respectively belong, so far as the Monies to arise by such Sales will extend, to the Intent that the said Orphans Fund may be thereby exonerated from the said Annuities respectively In due Course of Preference, or from such or so much of the same Annuities respectively as the Monks to arise by such Sales shall be found sufficient to redeem, pay off, or discharge; and that if any Surplus of the said Monies to arise by such Sales as aforesaid shall remain, over and above what shall be necessary for the Purposes lad herein-before mentioned, such Surplus shall be appropriated and applied for or towards the Increase of the said Fund called The Orphans Fund; and that the said Application shall and may be so made, any Matter, Proviso, Clause, or Thing in any former Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

u The Corporation answerable in case of any Misapplication, '§ 9. Disbursements shall be included in the*Chamberlain's annual Account, §10. This Act shall not affect any of the City's present Creditors, § u. 4i Common Council empowered to purchase certain Houses, 5cc. for widening the Way along the Wed Side of St. Clement's Church Tardy §12. Powers, 5cc. contained in 35 G. 3. c. 126. for making good Deficiencies in " Taxes and Rates extended to Premises purchased under this Act, §13. Corporation authorized to make 41 Sewers at Snow-Hill, §14. Corporation may purchase Houses, &c. at any Time within three Years from M passing of this Act, and complete Improvements at any Time within five Years, } 15. Clauses, Powers, &c. 11 of the former Acts extended to this Act, §16.'

Application of Money to raised under this Vt.

Monies to arise by Sales of Ground Rents, Sec. shall be applied brll in ic-deeming Annuities under 39 & 40 G. 3. c. xlii; next in redeeming Annuities under this Act;

and die Surplus, if any, shall go towards the Increase of the Orphans Fund,

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Catfield and Sutton, in the County of Norfolk, and for draining and preserving the said Commons and Waste Grounds.

[28th May 1802.]

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously Cut, damage, break down, demolish, or destroy any Bank, Mill, Engine, Dam, Floodgate, Bridge, Sluice, or Tunnel already made, or which shall at any Time hereafter be made or crested, supported, maintained, orufed, for answering the Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending, and being convicted, shall be guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for seven Years, or, in Mitigation of such Punishment, may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petty Larceny.

" Persons damaging Works (in which Dams and Bridges are expressly included), shall forfeit a Sum not exceed-w 50l.; and for want of Di(lrefs, -be imprisoned for twelve Months, §54."

Punishnu nt destroying Works, rtngle Ftkmy.

Cap. lxxv.

An Act for continuing (k) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts passed respecting several Roads near the Borough of Ashhurton, and the Town of Newton Bushell, and for amending, widening, 42 Geo. III. 4 M altering,

c. 49-

iG. 3. c. 34. 1$G. 3. v. 79

634

A.D. 1802.

C. lxxv. — lxxxi. 42° GEORGII III.

altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from a Place called Moor'* Bam to the End of White Mill Lam, in the Parish of HighwUk; and for making and maintaining a Road from the Bottom of Dean Clapper Mill at the West End of the Village of Dean Prior, in the Parish of Dean Prior, through the Village of Doan Church Towny and from thence through the Parishea of Rattery and South Brent to Brent Bridge, all in the County of Devon. [a 8th May 1802.]

[Former Toll* repeakdy and others granted\ — Double Tolls on Sundays.]

£i5G.i. c.ii7.]

fl G.lC.l$, pr. 11G. 1. c. 17. 15G. 2. c. 9.

7 G. 3. c. 102.

34 G.3. c*i3 r*J

Cap. lxxvi.

An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stone's End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the County of Sussex, and several other Roads therein mentioned, and for granting other rowers for those Purposes.

[28th May 1802.]

[Trustees under this Act, shall be Trustees under 26 G. 3. c. 131, for the Surrey new Road*: as Trustees under repealed A3 were. §2.}

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act for continuing (/) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of fereral Acts, passed in the first and twelfth Years of the Reign of King George the First, the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the seventh and thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hanwell Heath, through the Parities of Hanwell, New Brentford* and Ealing, to the Great Western Road, in the said County; and for lighting, watching, and watering the Highway be* tween Tyburn and Kensington Gravel Pits.

[28th May 1802.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and others granted. — Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act for enabling Trustees to make Exchange of a Messuage and other Hereditaments at Scawly, in the County of Lincoln, (Part of the settled Estates of John Uppleby Esquire, ) for a Messuage and other Hereditaments at Wooton, in the said County of Lincoln. £28th May 1802.]

[73 C. 2. C. Jf. ifc G.j. C. 86-J

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for dividing and allotting in Severalty the Open and Common Arabic Fields, Commons, Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Wefbury, in the County of W'dts, [28th May 1802.]

Cap. ixxx.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad, from or from near a certain Place called The Flats, in the Parish of Llanelly, in the County of Carmarthen, to or near to certain Lime Rocks, called Cajltily-Gar-reg, in the Parish of LlanjihangeUAberbythick, in the said County; and for making and maintaining a Dock or Bason at the Termination of the said Railway or Tramroad, at or near the said Place called The Flats,

[3d June 1802.]

WHEREAS the making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad for the Passage of Waggons and other

Carriages from or from near a certain Place called The Flats in the Parish of Llanelly, to or near a

Place called CaJlelUyGarreg, in the Parish of LlanfhangeUAlerlythtch in the County of Carmarthen; and the

' making and maintaining a Dock or Bason for Ships, Barges, and other Vessels, with the necessary Worka

from the said Railway or Tramroad, at or near the said Place called The Flats, to communicate with the Sea,

will be of very great Advantage to several Collieries, Iron Mines, and Iron Works, in the Neighbourhood,

by opening a cheap and easy Communication for the Conveyance of Coal, Iron, and other Goods, Wares, and

Merchandize, and.will also greatly tend to the Improvement of the Country on the Line of the said intended

Railway or Tramroad, &c.

Certain. Proprietors incorporated by the Name of The Carmarthenshire Railway or Tramroad Company, §1-

41 Empowered to raise 25, 000k and 10, 000l. more, if necessary, } 32 — 37. Empowered to take Tonnage Duty

and Tolls, §55, &c."

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act to continue (b} the Term, and alter and J enlarge the Powers of two Acts, one passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Barrs at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, to Jvetfey Bank, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to Castle Bromwich and Stone Bridge, in the Parish of Hampton-m-Arden, in the County of Warwick, and from Caffie Bromwich to Birmingham, in the same County; so far as the said Acts relate to the Roads leading from a Place called The Welsh Harp, in the Township of Stonnall, in the said County of Stafford, to Stone Bridge, and from Castle Bromwich to Birmingham, being the fourth District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned.

[3d June 1802.]

Former Tolls repealed\ and others granted.

Copy

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III. C.lxxxii. — lxxxviii.

Cap. lxxxii*

An Act to enlarge (/) the Term, and to amend, alter, and vary the Power of an Act, passed in the thirty- [37 g. 3.C. x5g. seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge continuing,c* the Powert of an Act of the elcypntb Year of his present Majesty for more efieSually repairing and amending the Roads 11O* 3* c. 91. J from Liverpool to Prefect, Alhton, and Warrington, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and to vary certain Parts of the Line of the said Roads.

[3d June 1802.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and others granted.]

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for widening, altering, improving, and repairing, the Road leading from Alfreton, in the County of Derby, to the Town of Derby, (f ) [3d June802.3

44 A Compensation of iool .per Ann. shall be paid by Trustees under this A A to Trustees of the Chesterfield 4t Turnpike Road, under 29 G. 2. c. 82. (enlarged by 16 G. 3. c. 73. and 35 G. 3. c. 154*) as a Compensation*for Diminution of Tolls. $ 49."

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act for exchanging the settled Eft ate of Sir George Beefton Prefeott Baronet, in the County of Chester, for another Estate of greater Value in the County of Flint, to be settled in lieu thereof.

[3d June 1802.]

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act to enable the High Court of Chancery to authorize and empower the Devifces in Trust under the WiB of John Glover late of King Street, in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, to grant a Lease for the Term of ninety-nine Years of the Messuage or Tenement therein mentioned, being Part of the Estate devised by the said Will, pursuant to an Agreement therein recited, or for such shorter Term of Years, and upon such other Conditions, as to the said Court shall seem reasonable.

[3d June 1802.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act for feuing the Glebe of the Parish of the Barony of Glasgow, in the County of Lanark.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS from the Contiguity of the Barony of Glasgow, in the County of Lanark, to the City of Glasgow, Buildings/or Houses and the Purposes of Trade, are increasing in the said Parish, particularly in that Part of it which is nearest to the said City; and it would be beneficial to the Community of the said Barony, and to the Advantage of the Minister of the said Parish, and to future Incumbents, if the Glebe be-

longing to the said Parish were converted into building Ground, and if Streets and Passages where necessary

were opened through the fame May it therefore please your Majesty, See.

4t Minister of the Parish empowered (with the Consent of certain Persons) to lay out the Glebe into Lots for* Buildings, and fell the said Lots by ContraAs of Feu, for Payment of perpetiud yearly Feu Duties to the said €t Minister and his Successors."

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act for exonerating and discharging Parcel of the Possessions of the Prebendary of the Prebend of Preee otherwise Pipa Mmor9 founded in the Cathedral Church of Litchjieliy in the County of Stajford, of and from a certain Lease made thereof; and for authorizing the Sale of the Mines and Minerals within the Premises comprized in such Lease, and for other Purposes.

[22d June 1802.]

Cap. lxxxviii.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with Fishy and to reduce the present exorbitant Price thereof\ and to proteS and encourage Fishermen^ as limit9 the Number of Fish to be sold by Wholesale within the said City of London; and for the better Regulation of the Sale of Fish by Wholesale in the Market of Bil/ingjgate, within the said City.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with Fi/h9 and to reduce the present exorbitant Price thereof; and to proteS and encourage Fishermen: And whereas, in consequence of the great increase in the Quantity of Fish of all Kinds brought to the Market of BiFing/gate in the said City of London and of the improved Method of bringing the lame to Market, the Publick are more amply and reasonably supplied therewith, than at the Time of the passing of the said recited Act; and the Provisions of the said recited Act for limiting the Number of Fish to be sold in each Lot are now become inconvenient and prejudicial to the Persons supplying the said Market with Fish, and also detrimental to the Publick; and it would tend greatly to encourage and facilitate the Sale of Fish in the said Market, if the said Provisions in the said recited

AA were repealed, so far as the same relates to the Limitation of the Number of Fish to be sold in

each Lot by Wholesale in Billing [gate Market, or elsewhere within the said City of London, and be of publick Utility; and if the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City of London, in Common

Council alfunbled, were empowered to regulate the Sale of Fish by Wholesale in the said Market be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confcr.t of the Lords

4 M 2 Spiritual

[2 O. 3-

c.t5.]

iC, 3. c. 15.

17, &c. a* to Number of FiA. in Lots sold by Wholesale in London, repealed. Corporation of London empowered to regulate Sale of Vifti Wholesale at Billingsgate, as they do under 36 G. 3. c. 118. by Retail.

Lots m which Fish shall be sold

Wholesale.

Fish may be sold in smaller Quantities or by the Angle Fish.

Fenahy on Fish-'ruongers refuting to fell smaller I, ots or single Fish, 20l.

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said herein-before in Part recited Act of the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates- to the Number of Fish to be sold in each Lot, by Wholesale, in Billingsgate Market or within the Space of one hundred and fifty Yards from Billingsgate Dock, or elsewhere, within the said City of London, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be, and the same is hereby repealed,

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, from Time to Time appoint the Hour for the Commencement of the Sale of Fish by Wholesale in Billingsgate Market aforesaid, or within the Space of one hundred and fifty Yards from Billingsgate Dock, in the same Manner as they are empowered to do with respect to the Sale of Fish by Retail in the said Market, under and by virtue of an Act passed in the thirty -sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled; An At5? to authorise the Sale of Fish at Billingsgate, by Retail; and that the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, shall have the like Power, Authority, Jurisdiction, and Controul over the said Market for the Sale of Fish by Wholesale as they now have over the Market for the Sale of the same by Retail, and also as they now have over the several other publick Markets of the said City, or any of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Fish of any of the respective Sorts herein after specified, which, after the passing of this Act, shall be brought for Sale to the said City of London, shall be openly and pufilickly exposed for Sale at the first Hand, and shall be sold in no greater Number or Quantity of Fish in any one Lot or Parcel, or by any greater Weight of Fish in any one Lot or Parcel, in Billingsgate Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of Billingsgate Dock, than herein after is directed and prescribed touching the same respectively; and that every Lot or Parcel of such Fish as aforesaid shall consist only of one Sort of Fish, and shall not be composed $f two or more different Sorts of Fish; (that is to say, )

All Fresh Salmon, not exceeding twelve in any one Lot:

All Sturgeon, not exceeding two in any one Lot:

All large Fresh Cod, not exceeding ten in any one Lot:

All Skait, not exceeding fix in any one Lot:

All Pike, not exceeding ten in any one Lot:

All Turbot, not exceeding twelve in any one Lot:

All Bret, hot exceeding ten in any one JLot:

' All Brill, not exceding ten in any one Lot:

All Pearl, not exceeding teivin any one Lot: 4

' All Kingston-, not exceeding five in any one Lot:

All Ling, not exceeding five in any one Lot:

All Dorys, not exceeding five in any one

All Halt Fresh Cod, not exceeding sixteen in any one Lot:

All Quarter Fresh Cod, not exceeding twenty-four in any one Lot:

All Mullets, not exceeding ten in any one Lot:

All Cole Fish, not exceeding five in any one Lot:

All Salmon Trout*' and other Trout, not exceeding twelve in any one Lot:

All small Cod, not exceeding forty-eight in any one Lot:

All small Pike, not exceeding twenty-four in any one Lot:

All large Haddock, not exceeding twelve in any one Lot:

All small Haddock, not exceeding forty-eight in any one Lot:

All Perch above six Inches long from the Eye to the Fork of the Tail, not exceeding twenty-four in any one Lot:

All Carp, Gurnet, Tench, and Sea Bass, not exeeding twenty-four in any one Lot:

All Thornbacks, not exceeding eight in any one' I^tit:

All large Soals, pot exceeding twelve Pair in any one Lot:

All small Soals, not exceeding twenty-four Pair in any one Lot:

All Mackarel, Whitings, Whiting Pouts, Plaice, Dabbs, Herrings, Pilchards, Garb Fish, Flounders, and Maids, not exceeding one hundred and twenty in any one Lot:

All large Smelts, not exceeding one hundred and four in any one Lot:

All small Smelts, not exceeding five hundred and twenty in any one Lot:

All Eels, not exceeding thirty Pounds Weight, in any one Lot; unless any single Fish shall exceed that Weight:

All large Lobsters and Crabs, of either Sort, not exceeding twenty in any one Lot:

All small Lobsters and Crabs, of cither Sort, not exceeding forty in any one Lot.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any Thing herein-before contained, it shall be lawful for any Person to expose to or for Sale, and to fell in Billingsgate Market aforesaid, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of Billingsgate Doclc, any of the said herein-before mentioned respective Sorts of Fish by the single Fish, or in any smaller Number or Quantity, or any Eels by any lesser Weight than herein-before is prescribed for the felling in any one Lot, any of the said respective Sorts of Fish herein-before specified; and that if any Proprietor of Fish or any Salesman or Factor of Person interested or employed to fell any Fish in the said Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of Billingsgate Dock, shall refute to fell, or shall enter into any Agreement or Confederacy not to fell to any Person or Persons in the said Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of Billingsgate Dock, during the Market Hours, a single Fish, or any other smaller Number or Quantity of Fish of any of the Sorts or Kinds above mentioned, which shall be brought or

8 exposed

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C.lxxxvii, lxxxix.

expo fed to or for Sale at or in the said Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of Billhtgfgate Dock, or any Eels so brought or exposed to or for Sale, by any lesser Weight than herein-before is prescribed, at the fair Market Price of the Day, of the same Sort or Kind of Fish, then and in every such Case every Person who shall so of Tend in the said Premises, and shall be thereof convicted in the Manner herein after by this Act directed, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied in Manner herein after directed.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Lord Mayor, Recorder, br any one Alderman for the Time being of the said City, shall and may hear and determine all Offences committed against the true Intent of this Act; and that all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted and made payable by this Act, shall be paid within twenty-four Hours after the Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either by his or their Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, which Oath the said Lord Mayor, Recorder, or any one Alderman respectively is hereby authorized and required tp administer; and that the said Lord Mayor, Recorder, or any one Alderman respectively, mayifTue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals respectively, directed to any Peace Officer within their respective Jurisdiction, to levy the same by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Person or Persons who shall be so convicted, and which shall be found within the said City, and if within five Days from any such Distress being taken the Money forfeited shall not be paid, together with the Costs of such Distress, the Goods so diilrained shall be appraised and fold, rendering thfe Overplus, if any, after deducting the Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Costs and Charges of the Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof, which Charges shall be ascertained by the Magistrate before whom the Offender or Offenders shall have been convicted; and if sufficient Distress cannot at any Time be found, whereby the Money which shall be forfeited by any Offender or Offenders against this Act can be levied on his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, then and in every such Case, on Proof thereof upon Oath before the said Lord Mayor, Recorder, br any one Alderman respectively, the said Lord Mayor, Recorder, or any one Alderman respectively shall, on the Application of any Prosecutor or Prosecutors of any such Offender or Offenders, issue a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Lord Mayor, Recorder, or any one Alderman respectively, directed to some Peace Officer or Officers, to apprehend any such Offender or Offenders, if he, she, or they can be found, and to convey and commit every such Offender and Offenders to any Gaol or House of Correction within the City, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding two Calendar Months, as the said Lord Mayor, Recorder, or any one Aldermaa respectively shall order, unless the Money which shall be forfeited by such Offender or Offenders shall be sooner paid.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no Person shall suffer any Punishment for any Offence

committed against this Act, unlef9 the Prosecution for the same be commenced within three Calendar Months after such Offeocc committed; and that where any Person shall suffer Imprisonment pursuant to this Act, for any Offence contrary thereto in Default of Payment of any Penalty hereby imposed, such Person shall not be liable afterwards to pay such Penalty.'m'

" Power.to compel Attendance of Witnesses, §7. Form of Conviction, §8. Application of Penalties, Half €i to the Informer and Half to Greenwich Hospital, §9. Appeal to the next or ensuing Quarter Sessions for " the City, with eight Days Notice and Security in Double the Sum forfeited, §10. Order shall not he " quashed for want of Form, See. $11. Limitation of Actions, six Months. — Venue. — General Issue. — Treble " Costs, §12, Publick Act, §13."

Cap. lxxxix.

An Act to remove Doubts as to certain Acts relating to the Admeasurement of Coals in the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and to revive and continue an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of nia present Majesty, relating to the Admeafunement of Coals within the Limits aforesaid; and to indemnify all Persons who have acted in pursuance of any of the Provisions of the said Act.

'H [22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the several Acts passed for more effectually preventing the Frauds and ftbufes committed in the Admeasurement of Coals

within the City and JAberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the

fevered Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, andfuA Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew

Holborn as lie in the County of Middlesex: And whereas an Act was passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing the said Act until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ten: And whereas at the Time of passing of the said last mentioned Act, the said recited Act had expired, and Doubts have arisen whether the said recited Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty was continued by the said Act of the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, and whether the Provisions of the said recited Act are now in force: And whereas the said Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, was very beneficial to the Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and it is therefore expedient that such Doubts should be removed, and that the said Act should be revived and continued for a limited Time May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, shall be, and the lame is hereby revived, and shall be and is hereby continued until the twenty-fourth Day of Junet which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fcvcutcen, and from thcfcce to

the

637

Recovery of Penalties before one Alderman, &c. by Distiefs and Sale;

or two Mcntlit Imprisonment*

Limitation of Prosecution three Monllif,

16 G. 3. c. io?.

J6 G. 3. c. 6ii

*6 0.3. c. 108. rev ived, and further continued till 24th June 181: , &c.

fit G.

& fr,.

36 G. 3

{OOJ.

J' c. 61.

' 66.]

I4G,

3.e. j«.

C.lxxxix. — xci. 42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

Present Dork and H\ri*>ur*re.luiuificicui.

the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that all Persons who shall have acted in pursuance of or according to any of the Provisions of the said recited Act, shall be, and are hereby indemnified therein against mil Forfeitures and Penalties incurred thereby; and all Ad#, Matters, and Things done or performed in pursuance of or according to any of the Clauses, Powers, or Provisions of the said recited Act, and shall be and are hereby declared to be as valid and effectual in every Respect, as if the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty had been revived and continued by the said Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty.

" Publick Act, §2."

Cap. xc.

An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the King's Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent; for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nutfances, and Annoyances therein; fur better supplying the said Town with Water, and for repairing the Highways within the Parj/h of Maidstone; and for raising a further Sum of Money* for completing the Purposes of the said Act.

[22d June 1802.]

Additional Rates authorized.]

Cap. xci.

An Act for amending an Act, pasted in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and establishing publick Quays or Wharfs at Kingston-upon-Hull, for the better securing his Majesty's Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the Port of Kingston-upon-Hull; for making a Bason or Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other Works, for the Accommodation of Vrffels using the saul Port; and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to his Majesty, and for applying certain Sums of Money out of his Majesty's Customs at the said Port, for those Purposes; and for ejlabl't/bing other necessary Regulations within the Town and Port of Kingston-upon-Hull; and also for making additional Basons or Docks at Kingston-upon-Hull, with an Entrance into the same from the River Humber; and for granting certain Lands belonging to his Majesty, in Aid of the said Works.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and establishing publick Quays or Wharfs at Kingston-upon-Hull, for the better securing ' his Majesty's Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the Port of Kingston-upon Hull 5 for making9a Bason or Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port; and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to his Majesty, and for applying certain Sums of Money*

9 out of his Majesty's Customs at the said Port, for those Purposes; and for ejlabushing other necessary Regulations with-9 in the Town and Port of Kingston-upon Hull; whereby his Majesty was empowered to appoint open Quays

at the said Port as therein directed, and the Company therein described were empowered and required to make

a Bason or Dock for the Reception of Ships and Vessels, and for the Benefit of the Trade and Commerce of the said Port, to extend from the River Hull to a Place in the said Town called Beverley Gates, or as near

thereto as conveniently might be, of such Depth and Width, and in such Manner as therein particularly di-

reded, together with a Quay or Wharf, and such Reservoirs, Sluice3, Bridges, Roads, and other Works,

9 Requisites, Matters, and Things, as (hoold from Time to Time be adjudged necessary for the more conve-

nient Use of the said Bason or Dock, and for the general Benefit of Shipping, and of the Trade and Com-

9 merce of the said Port; for which Purpose the Mayor and Burgeflesof the said Town of Kingston-upon-Hull, 9the Guild or Brotherhood of Mailers and Pilots, Seamen of the Trinity House of Kingston-upon-Hull, and the several Persons therein named, and all others who should become Subscribers towards the Expence of carrying9on the said Works, their Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, together with such other Persons as they or the major Part of them*should at any Meeting appoint, were united into a Company for the9 Purposes of the said Act, and were declared to be a Body Politico and Corporate, by the Name of The Dock9 Company at Kingston-upon-Hull, with a Common Seal, and with Powers to purchase Lands, and to take and use

such Parts of his Majesty's Military Works at Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, as were thereby given and granted by his Majesty for those Purposes; and in order to facilitate the Execution of the said Works, - the Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds was directed to be paid out of his Majesty's Customs at the said Port, at the Times

and in Manner therein mentioned; and the said Dock Company were authorized to raise amongst themselves a 1 Sum of Money, not exceeding eighty thousand Pounds, to be divided into such Number of Shares, and the9Subscribers thereto were to receive, after the Works were completed, such Profits as dirededin and by the said

ACi; and if the said Sum of eighty thousand pounds should not be raised, or be insufficient for making the said Dock and other Works, the said Dock Company were thereby authorized to borrow at Interest, on the

Credit of the Rates and Duties granted by the said Act, so much Money a3 might make up the said Sum of

eighty thousand Pounds for completing the fame; and in consideration of the Charges and Expences which the said Dock Company would be put unto in making, repairing, maintaining, and keeping in Repair the said

Bason or Dock, and other Works directed by the said Act, several Rates and Duties were thereby granted to9them, which were to commence as therein particularly mentioned: And Whereas the said Dock Company

made the said Bason or Dock, and built the Quay or Wharf within the Time limited by the said recited Act,

Ships and Vessels belonging to and using

thereof Delays and Inconveniences have arisen in the lading ai d unlading ot Ships and Vessels, and also by the

confined and crowded State of the Shipping in the said Bason or Dock, the same cannot be conveniently

639

A.D. 1802.2" GEORGII III. ci.

cleansed and fcourcd, so as to prevent the Mud from warping up and lessening the Depth thereof; and in

cases of Accidents by Fire, much Danger may be apprehended to the Shipping therein, and to the said Town: And Whereas it is expedient for the greater Accommodation and Benefit of the Trade and Commerce of the said Port of Kingston-upon-Hull, and the increasing and better securing of his Majesty's Revenue

at the said Port, and also for the Protection and Security of his Majesty's Ships of War, Rationed or to be«Rationed in the River Humber, that an additional Bason or Dock should be made at the said Port, in the

Situation and of the Dimensions herein after described: And whereas the said Dock Company have agreed

to make such additional Bason or Dock at the said Town of Kingston-upon-HulU and for that Purpose to appropriate a certain Piece or Parcel of Ground, heretofore Part of the Land belonging to his Majesty's Military Works at Kingston-upon-Hull, called The Towns Ditches, extending from a certain Place in the said

Town called My ton Gates, Southward, to another Place in the same Town called Hefsle Gates, being Parcel

of the Military Works herein-before mentioned to have been by his Majesty granted to the said Dock Company: And whereas the said Dock Company, the said Mayor and Burgesses, and the said Guild or Brotherhood, have severally agreed to and with each other, to contribute and pay the Expences attending the making of the said additional Bason or Dock, in the Proportions herein after mentioned; but inasmuch as the making of the

Works hereby intended, connot be accomplished and carried into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament : May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Dock Company and their Successors, and they are hereby empowered and required, within the Space of seven Years, from and after the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, to make and build, or cause to be made and built, an additional Baton or Dock capable of containing seventy Sail of Ships or square-rigged Vessels, of the Average Tonnage of the Ships or Vessels usually frequenting the said Port of Hull, in and upon the said Piece or Parcel of Ground, last herein-before described to be lying between

Gates and Hefsle Gates aforesaid, and in and upon such other Ground adjoining thereto as mall be necessary for that Purpose, extending from Myton Gates aforesaid, or as near thereto as conveniently may be Southward to Hefsle Gates aforesaid, and from thence Rill Southward to the Low Water Mark of the said River Humber, and to make the said additional Bason or Dock in all Parts thereof of a sufficient Depth, and with a Lockpit or Entrance into the same from the said River Humber, of a sufficient Width and Depth to admit his Majesty's Ships of War of fifty Guns, which said additional Bason or Dock shall from thenceforth be called The Humber Dock; and also that it shall be lawful for the said Dock Company and their Successors, and they are hereby empowered and required to build, or cause to be built, within the said Space of seven Years, on the East Side of the said additional Bason or Dock, a Wharf, the whole Length thereof, which shall not exceed the Average Width of seventy Feet, and on the West Side of the said Bason or Dock, a Wharf, the whole Length thereof, which shall not exceed the Average Width of forty Feet, for the Trade and Business of the said Town and Port; together with a Drawbridge over the Lockpit or Entrance of the said intended Bason or Dock, proper for the Passage of Carriages, Cattle, and Foot Paflengeis, and such other Bridges, Roads, and Works, Reauifltes, Matters, and Things, as they the said Dock Company and their Successors shall from Time to Time adjudge necessary, for the more convenient Use of the said additional Bason or Dock, and Wharfs, and for the general Benefit of Shipping, and of the Trade and Commerce of the said Port.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act, and all and every the Rates and Duties, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things, therein and thereby given, granted, veiled, levied, or to be executed (except so far as the same or any of them are by this present Act enlarged, diminished, altered, qualified, or otherwise explained), shall be and they are hereby declared to be in full Force, as well in regard to the said additional Bason or Dock, and other Works hereby directed or intended to be made, and for effecting all other the Purposes of this present Act, as for the Purposes of the said recited Act, in as full, large, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were exprefdy repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

Powers for purchasing and conveying Lands, &c. and for making a new Road, See. §3 — 27. Dock Company empowered to raise Money by Sale of thirty neW Shares, §28, &c. Mayor and Burgefle3, and Trinity House, shall each of them purchase ten of such new Shares, at i, ooool. per Share, if required, §35. 44 Regulations and Wharfage Rates, §36, See?9

XLII. 4 And whereas in regard that the said Mayor and Burgesses, and the said Guild or Brotherhood, have agreed to contribute and pay, in equal Shares and Proportions between them, one Moiety or half Part of the Expences of making such additional Bason or Dock, and Entrance, Wharfs, Roads, and other Conveniences

as aforesaid; and, in order to promote an Undertaking so beneficial to his Majesty's Revenue, and so condu-

cive to the Advancement and Security of Commerce; and also for and in Confuleration of the Sum of eight thousand Pounds of lawful British Money hereby secured, to be paid into the Treasury of his Majesty's Office of Ordnance at the Times and in Manner herein after expressed, his Majesty hath been graciously pleased to signify his Royal Pleasure and Consent, that all that Piece or Parcel of Ground belonging to his Majesty's

Military Works at or near Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, and next herein after mentioned and described, with the Appurtenances, shall be given and granted unto the said Mayor and Burgesses, and the said Guild or Brotherhood, and their respective Successors for ever be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all that Piece or Parcel of Ground being Part of the Land belonging to his Majesty's Military Works at Kingston-upon-Hull, on the East Side of the River Hull, containing by Estimation thirty-seven Acres or thereabouts, situate, lying, and being in the County of the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull and County of York, or one of them, together with and including the Fore Shores of the same Piece or Parcel of

Ground

That anothtr Dock would lend to remove the present Inconvenience*

Dock Company

empowered within 7 Years from y January to build addition il Dock for 70 Ships.

Powers of for*

mtr Act extended to this

Ci ant of Part of his Majesty's Military Works.

Ground extending to the Low Water Mark of the River Humber, the Building called The North Bhchhouft» and all other Buildings, Gates, Walls, inner and outer Ditches, Cuts, Land covered with Water, Ramparts, Jetties, Mooring Polls, and other Works in, upon, or belonging to the said Piece or Parcel of Ground and Premises, which said Piece or Parcel of Ground and Premises comprize the Whole of the Land and Buildings belonging to his Majesty's Military Workson the East Side of the said River Hull(save and except the Citadel, and the Fore Shore thereof, and which said Citadel and Fore Shore or Space comprehended between two straight Lines, drawn on a Right Angle with the Curtain of the said Citadel, and extending from the said Citadel to the Low Water Mark of the said River Humber, are meant and are hereby declared to be reserved to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors), shall be granted and confirmed, and the same are hereby declared to be accordingly granted and confirmed, unto the said Mayor and Burgesses, and the said Guild or Brotherhood, and their re-lpeftive Successors; to and for the foie and absolute Use, Benefit, and Advantage of the said Mayor and Burgesses, and the said Guild or Brotherhood, and their respective Successors for ever, freed and discharged of and from all Claim, Right, and Title whatsoever of his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Right of his Crown or otherwise.

Mode of Payment of said 8, ooool. f 43, See."

Said Ground L. And be it further enacted, That the said Piece or Parcel of Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises

Put of the Town granted, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be, and the same are hereby declared to be within the

and County. County of the Town of Kingston upon-HulL

*( For making a new Road to the Garrison, {51. For purchasing Land for a third Dock, $ 52, &c."

Time of making

LVIII. And be it furtheV enabled, That whenever the Average Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, which after said third Dock. the passing of this Act shall resort to the said Port of Hull, and be subject by the said recited Act to the Payment of Rates and Duties to the said Dock Company, shall on an Average of three successive Years, bear as great a Proportion to the joint Area of the Bason or Dock made under the Authority of the said recited Act, and of the Bason or Dock to be made by this Act, as the Average Tonnage of the Ships and Vessels which resorted to the Port of Hull, and paid Rates and Duties to the said Dock Company in the several Years one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and one thousand seven hundred and ninety three, bears to the Area of the present Dock, the said Dock Company shall and they are hereby required to make another Dock from Myton Gates to Whitefriar Gates, to contain sixty Sail of Ships or square rigged Vessels, of the Average Tonnage of the Ships or Vessels usually frequenting the said Port, and to communicate with the said two other Docks: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be confirmed to extend, to compel or oblige the said Dock Company to make the said last mentioned Bason or Dock, until the Bason or Dock, and Works herein-before directed to be made, shall be completed, and until one Half of the Monies to be advanced and paid by the said Mayor and Burgesses, the said Guild or Brotherhood, and the said Dock Company, for the Purchase of Ground for the said Bason or Dock from Myton Gates to Beverly'Gates, and also of the Monies to be expended in the making of the said last mentioned Bason or Dock, and

Works thereunto belonging, be first secured to be paid to the said Dock Company, when and as the same shall be wanted for those Purposes.

4* Manner of recovering Penalties under former Act repealed, §60."

Ti*o*eryv(

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by the said recited Act or this Act in-

Penalties. flifted or directed to be inflicted (the Recovery of which is not therein or herein otherwise directed), shall, if the fame be not paid on Demand, be recovered and levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the

Offender or Offenders wheresoever the same can be found; and in case no such Distress can be had, then it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the said Town of Kingston-upon-Hull, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to commit the Party offending to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said Town for the Space of twenty Days, without Bail or Mainprize, unless the said Penalty and Charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

4t Existing Incumbrances shall not be affected, §62. Saving to the Trinity House, §63. Saving to the " Mayor and Burgesses, §64. Saving to the Dock Company, §65. Publick Act, §66."

Cap. xcii.

An Act for amending, altering, and extending the Powers of the several Acts of Parliament now in force, for supplying the City of Dublin with Water, and for making better Provision for that Purpose.

|_z2d June 1802.]

IIrish Acts 15 & 16 G. 3. c. 24. 19 & 20 G. 3. c. 13. recited; Water Rates under them repealed, and new Rates granted, §1 — 7. Agreements between Dublin Corporation and Undertakers of the Grand Canal, which was confirmed by Irish Act 13 & 14 G. 3. c. 22. maybe annulled, §8, &c. Commissioners under Irish Aft 33 G. 3; c. 56. empowered to make additional Reservoirs on the N. E. and N. W. Sides of Dublin, §20, & c. Irish Acts 6 G. 1. c. 16. 28 G. 3. c. 50. shall not bt* affected by this Act, §24.]

Cap.

u.

A.D. 1802.

C. xciii

641

42° GEORGII III.

Cap. xciii.

An Act for vesting divers Estates in the Parishes of Bradford and Calverley, in the West Riding of the County of York, purchased for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the Bradford Canal Navigation, in Trustees, upon certain Trusts, discharged from all Claims of the Crown in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under or by virtue of the Laws or Statutes of Mortmain. 1 [22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from Bradford, to join the Leeds and Liverpool Canal at Windhill in the Township of Idle, in the County of York; whereby it was enacted, that certain Persons therein named

and described, their several and respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, together with such Person or Persons as they, or the major Part of them, at any publick Meeting should nominate and appoint under their Hands and Seals, should be united into a Company for the better carrying on, making, completing, and maintaining the said Navigable Cut or Canal, according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions in the same Act expressed and laid down, and for that Purpose should be and become a Body Politick and Corporate by the Name of The Company of Proprietors of the Bradford Navigation, in perpetual Sticcession, with a common Seal, with full Power and Authority to purchase Lands for the Use of the said Navigation, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statute of Mortmain; and divers Powers and Authorities were by the said Act given to the said Company for effecting the Purposes aforesaid: And whereas the said Cut oV Canal

hath long since been completed and made navigable, to the great Benefit of the Publick: And whereas in the making and executing of the said Cut or Canal, and in order to supply the same with Water, the said Company of Proprietors have found it necessary to purchase certain Mills and Estates, situate, lying, and being in the Parishes of Bradford and Calverley, near or adjoining to a certain Brook called Bradford Brook, running between Bradford and Windhill aforesaid: And whereas. [&V. recitingfive several Conveyances of said Premises] : . 4 And whereas Doubts have arisen with respect to the Legality of the said Company of Proprietors having

purchased or caused to be purchased the said several Messuages, Mills, Buildings, Limekilns, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments comprized in the said several herein-before recited Indentures, and whether the same have not become forfeited to the Crown by virtue of the Statutes or Laws of Mortmain: And whereas

his Majesty has been graciously pleased to signify his Royal Intention of waiving all Benefit of the said Forfeiture or Forfeitures, and all Claims in respect thereof: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors are de-

firous that such Doubts may be removed, and that the said Messuages, Mills, Buildings, Limekilns, Lands,

1 Tenements, and Hereditaments, may be vested in Trustees, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, according to the respective Tenures thereof, upon the Trusts herein after declared, discharged from all Claims of the Crown in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under or by virtue of the Statutes or Laws of Mortmain

but the same cannot effectually be done without the Aid of Parliament: Wherefore your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Company of the Proprietors of the Bradford Navigation, most humbly beseech your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty> by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common?, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, all and singular the said Freehold and Leasehold Messuages, Mills, Buildings, Limekilns, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprized in the said several herein-before in Part recited or mentioned Indentures and Conveyances, and therein mentioned to be thereby granted, released, and conveyed, with their and every of their Appurtenances, shall be settled upon and veiled in, and the same are hereby settled upon and vested in John Hodgson of Bradford aforesaid, Esquire; Joshua Field the younger, of Leeds in the said County of York, £squire; and Charles Hardy of the Low Moor, in the Parish of Bradford aforesaid, Gentleman; their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Use of the said John Hodgson, Joshua Field the younger, and Charles Hardy, their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, according to the respective Tenures thereof, freed and discharged of and from all Right, Title, and Claims of his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in and to the fame, or any Part thereof, or the Rents, I flues, and Profits thereof, accrued since the respective making of the said several Purchases, for or in respect of any Forfeiture incurred, or which upon an Inquisition had and Office found, or otherwise, might be taken Advantage of under or by virtue of the Statutes of Mortmain, or the Laws relating to Mortmain, or any of them; and also freed and discharged of and from the Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Claim, and Demand, of all and every Persons deriving or claiming any Right, Estate, or Title, by virtue of or under the said several herein-before recited or mentioned Indentures and Conveyances, or any of them, and their and his and her respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, nevertheless upon the Trusts, and to and for the Intents and Purposes herein after declared or expressed; that is to say, in Trust that they the said John Hodgson9 JJhua Field the younger, and Charles Hardy, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns of such Survivor, according to the Tenures of the said Premises hereby vested and settled as aforesaid, do and shall, at the Request and by the Direction and Appointment of the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, to be tellified in Writing under their Common Seal, make sale and dispose of such and so mtich of the same Hereditaments and Premises as the said Company shall deem not necessary to be used for the Purposes of the said Navigation, either together 6r in Parcels, and either by publick Sale or private Contrail, to any Person or Persons for the bed Price or Prices in Money that can be reasonably had and obtained for the fame; and with such Consent and Approbation, and by such Direction and Appointment, testified as aforesaid, do and shall grant, release, confirm, and convey the fame, in such Manner as such Purchaser or Purchasers shall lawfully require; and in the mean Time and until such Sale or Sales, in Trust that they the said John Hodgson, Joshua Field the younger, and Charles Hardy, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, do and shall Hand and be feikd and possessed of the same in Trust for the find Company and their Successors.

42 Geo. III. 4N 1 44 Receipts

11 G. 3. c. 89.

Canal completed.

Comj any'have bought ceiiain Mills and Estates.

Doubts have arisen refywfting Legality of said Purchases.

The King waives the Benefit of the ForfeUure.

Said EBates vested in Trustees, discharged from all Claims of the Crown.

C.

c.

642 C.xciii. —

42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

General

Saving.

Receipts of Trustees to be sufficient Discharges to Purchasers, f 2. Application of the Money to arise

by the Sales, §3. Trustees to reimburse themselves the Expences of their Trull, §4. Until Sales made, c' Estates may be let, §5. Appointment of new Trustees, §6."

VII. Saving always to all Bodies Politick and Corporate, and their Successors, and all and every other Person and Persons, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, (other than and except the King's most Excellent Majesty, and his Heirs and Successors, on account of any such Forfeiture as aforesaid, or any Right, Title, or Claim to the said Premises, or any Part thereof, and other than and except all and every Person and Persons claiming any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest, by virtue of or under the said several herein-before recited or mentioned Indentures and Conveyances, or any of them, and their, and his and her respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, ) all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, in and to, and out of the said Hereditaments and Premisea veiled by this Act as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, as they respectively, or any of them, had, or could or might have had, claimed, or been entitled to, if this Act had not been made.

" Publick Act, §8."

Cap. xciv;

|3*G.3.0.1*5.] An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the thirty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for improving the Navigation of the River Medway, from the Town of Maidstone, through the several Parishes of Mata* fione, Boxley, Ellington, and Aylesford, in the County of Kent; and for the better and more effectually improving the Navigation of the said River.

[22d June 1802.]

Certain Persons incorporated by the Name of The Company of Proprietors of the Lower Navigation of the River Medway; and empowered to maintain the Navigation, &c. §2, See. — Rights of the Company of Proprietors M of the Navigation of the River Medway, (under 13 G .2. c. 26. reviving and amending 16 & 17 Car 2. c. 11.)* shall not be abridged, altered, or restrained, §73."

Geo. xcv.

An Act for dividing, inclosing, draining, and preserving the Open Fields, Half Year's Meadow Land, Common Pastures, Moors, and Waste Lands, within the rarish of Saxelby, in the County of Lincoln, and Town-ships of Harby and Broadholm, in the County of Nottingham.

[22d June 1802.]

Cap. xcvi.

An Act to empower the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Councilmen of the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, to take down the Bridge over the River Witham, in the said Borough, and to ered a Bridge over some other Part of the said River, within the said Borough, and to open and make proper Avenues, Ways, and Passages thereto, and to enlarge and improve the Gaol and House of Correction within the said Borough* and to purchase and take down several Houses for the Purposes aforesaid.

[22d June 1802.]

f$2 G. 1. c. 6O. 3 G. 3. 57., j*G.3.Oi09-]

Cap. xcvii.

An Act for making and repairing the Road from Causeway Head near Stirling, through the County of Clack-mannan, by the root of the Ochil Hills and by West Saline and Crofsfoord, towards Queensferry, and certain Roads branching out of the same; and for converting the Statute Labour in the said County of Clackmannan

[22d June 1802.]

Cap. xcviii.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the fecon^, and in the third and eighteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and amending the Roads from the Town of Uttoxeter to the Town of Newcastle-under-Lyme, and from Cliffe Bank to Snape MarJb, and also from Lower Lane to Hem Heath, all in the County of Stafford. £2 2d Juue 1802.]

Cap. xcix.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the thirty-[33c«3*c#, 520 third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Moot Hall in Wirksworth, to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to B rafting ton, at or near to a Place called The Cross in the Hand, on Hulland Ward, and also the Road from the said Moot Hall to another Turnpike Road leading from the Cross Post on Wirksworth Moor to Matlock Bath, at or ncur to a Place called The Steeple House, in the Township of Wirksworth aforesaid\ all in the County of Derby.

[Tolls varied.[22d June 1802.]

Cap. c*

[SeeioG «.«*- 5. An Act to continue (£) the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts heretofore passed, for 1 j G.i. c. 5. repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Stonebridge, in the County of Warwick. f"22d June 1C02.3

Jo G. t 9*1 [Former Tolls repealed, and new granted.]

Cap.

A.D. 1802.

C. ci. — cviii. 643

42° GEORGII III.

Cap. ci.

An Act for making and maintaining, and for watching, lighting, and watering a Road from the West India Dpcks in the Isle of Dogs to communicate with a Street called Church Lane or Church Street, Whitechapel, and for making and maintaining a Branch of Road therefrom, to communicate with Queen Street, in the Parish of Saint Anne, all in the County of Middlesex; for opening, widening, and improving certain Streets and Passages therein mentioned; and for more effectually amending and keeping in Repair a Road from Ratclife Highway, through Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex, and also from the West End of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shadwell Street into the Back Lanes in the said County of Middlesex.

[22d June 1802.]

u Five per Cent. Interest or Dividends allowed on Money subscribed for making the Road, till the same u shall be made: and afterwards such Dividends (not exceeding ten per Cent.) as Trustees shall agree: on any " Sum not exceeding 50, 000l. subscribed before the End of three Months after passing the Act, §11. — The " Trust of the Cannon Street Road Acts, (27 G. 2. c. 40. 5 G. 3. c. 103, and 39 & 40 G. 3. c. cx.) transferred " to the Trustees under this Act, subject to the Provisions of the said Acts, §137."

Cap. cii.

An Act for authorizing the Persons therein named to concur on the Part of Peter de Salts Esquire, and the other Persons entitled under the Settlement executed by Jerome de Salis Esquire, and Mary his Wife, and the Will of the said Mary de Salts, in making a Partition of certain Estates late of the Right Honourable Susanna Viscountcfs Pa tie situate in the Counties of Armagh, Limerick, and Tipperary, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland.

[2 2d June 1802.]

Cap. ciii.

An Act for vesting certain Trust Estates, Stocks, Funds, and Securities, of which John Beardsworth Esquire and Thomas Williams Esquire, were Trustees, in James Palmer Hobbs Esquire and George Burley Gentleman.

22d June 1802."

Cap.t civ.

An Act to enable John Skynner Esquire and Bigoe Charles Williams Gentleman, on Behalf of John Perry anjl James Perry Infants, who are entitled to undivided Shares in certain of Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate within the Manor of Tottenham otherwise Tottenhall, in the Parish of Saint Poner as9in the County of Middlesex, late the Estate of Catharine Whitehead deceased, to concur with the Owners of the several other undivided Shares of the same of Hereditaments in making a Partition and Division thereof; and to enable the said John Skynner and Bigoe Charles Williams to fell or mortgage a competent Part of the Shares of the said Infants therein, and to apply the Money arising thereby, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, for the Maintenance and Advancement of the said Infants, to make such Surrenders of their Shares as may be necessary.

[22d June 1802.]

Cap. cv.

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of John Paul Esquire, situate in the County of Wilts, in John Paul Paul Esquire, in Fee Simple, discharged from the Uses and Trusts of the said Will, in Exchange for an Estate in the County of Gloucester, and for veiling the Residue of the said devised Estates, in the County of Wiltsf in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies to arise by such Sale under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses.

[22d June 1802.]

Cap. cvi.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships or Hamlets of Sewer by and Marton, and within the Manor of Sewerby cum Marton> in the Parish of Bridlington, in the East Riding of the County of York.

[2 2d June 1802.]

Cap. cvii.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, Carr, Common and Waste Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of Flixton otherwise Fleeceton, in the Parish of Folkton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

[22d June 1802.]

" Redors' and Vicars' Allotments shall be exempt from Drainage Taxes under 39 & 40 G. 3. c. cviii."

Cap. cviii.

An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for dividing, and allotting, a certain Fen, called Wild more Fen, in the County of Lincoln; q and for dividing, allotting in severalty, and inclosing, the parochial or general Allotments set out, or to be cap. cx set out, in pursuance of the said Act, for compeTifating for the Tythes of such Allotments, and for declaring and determining to what Parish or Pariftve* the several Allotments of the said Fen shall belong.

[2*d June 1802.]

4N2

Cap

(U.K.)

A.D. 1802.

644

Commissioners Dull makeAllot* menu.

To the King*! Majesty, as Lord of the Manor, and R. F Jodrell tfq. as Lessee.

For getting Slone.

To Owners of ancient Messuages, Toft-steads, and Scite?, one Rood;

and Residue to Land Owners.

This Aa shall not injure the Custom of Mining.

Separate Award and Han ot Allotments to the King.

C.cix, cx. 42° GEORGII III.

Cap. cix.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Field*, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Sbitlington and Hoi well, in the County of Bedford1

[2 2d June 1802.]

Cap. cx.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Township of Wirksworth, in the County of Derby; for protecting certain Springs situate on the said Commons and Waste Lands; and for the better securing a Supply of Water for the use of the Inhabitants of the Town of Wirksworth, in the said County.

[2 2d June 1802.]

WHEREAS there are within the Manor and Township of Wirksworth in the County of Derby,

certain Commons or Parcels of Waste Land, containing together by Estimation seven hundred Acres

or thereabouts, upon which the Owners and Proprietors of Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments

within the said Manor and Township of Wirksworth, are in Right thereof entitled to Common of Pasture for

all their Commonable Cattle: And whereas the King's most Excellent Majesty, in Right of his Duchy of

Lancaster, is Lord of the Manor of Wirkfwqrth aforesaid, and Richard Paul Jodrell Esquire is Lessee for

a Term of Years of the said Manor, ' &c.

Commissioners appointed for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Commons, §1. Survey to be made, §5."

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, within three Calendar Months, or as soon as conveniently may be after the said Survey shall have been laid before them, and after the publick Roads shall be set out, to assign, set out, and allot the several Commons and Waste Lands unto and amongst the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, in Manner herein after mentioned; (that is to say, ) in the first place they shall assign, set out, and allot unto the King's most Excellent Majesty, in Right of his Duchy, of Lancaster, and his Heirs and Successors (yet nevertheless to and for the Benefit and Use of the said Richard Paul Jodrelly as Lessee of the said Manor of Wirksworthy during the Continuance of the present Leafs thereof), such Part or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Lands, lying within the said Manor and Township of Wirhf worthy as shall contain one full twentieth Part or Share thereof fContiguity, Quantity, and Quality considered), in lieu of and full Recompence and Satisfaction for all his Right and Interest in and to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands which shall be inclosed by virtue of this Act; and in the next place shall assign, set out, and allot such other Part or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Lands as they shall think fit, not exceeding in the Whole two Acres, to be used and enjoyed for ever thereafter in common by the Proprietors of Estates within the said Manor and Township of Wtrisworth, for the Purpose of getting Stone and other Materials, for the building, rebuilding, or repairing of Houses, Bridges, Walls, Fences, and other Works within the Manor and Township of Wirksworth aforesaid, and for the repairing of the Highways and private Roads which now are or hereafter shall be within the same, and for laying and depositing Rubbish which may arise or be made within the said Manor and Township; and shall in the next place assign, set out, and allot unto each and every Proprietor of an ancient Messuage, Toftstead, or Scite thereof, within the said Manor and Township of IVirifworthy one Rood of the Average Value of the said Commons and Waste Lands, and no more, for and in respect of each Messuage, Toftstead, or Scite thereof; and shall then divide, set out, and allot the Residue and Remainder of the said several Commons and Waste Lands, lying within the said Township of Wirhfworthy unto and amongst the several Owners of Estates within the said Manor and Township entitled to Right of Common thereon, in Proportion and according to their several and respective Rights and Interests therein, agreeably to the Directions and Intentions of this Act, in lieu of and as a full Recompence and Sa-tisfadlion For all the Right of Common and other Interests of the said several Persons in, upon, or in respect of the said Commons and Waste Lands.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That not any Thing herein contained shall extern?, or be deemed, construed, or taken to extend, to prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Right, Title, or Interest, of the King's most Excellent Majesty, or of his Lessee or Leflets for the Time being, in or to the Duty of Lot and Cope, or other Duties upon Lead Ore or Lead Mines within the said Manor or the Wapentake of Wirksworth aforesaid, or to alter, vary, injure, or prejudice the Custom of Mining within the said Manor or Wapentake, or any of the Laws, Articles, Rules, or Orders, relating thereto, or the Power of searching, for, getting, leading, taking or carrying away Lead Ore within or under any Part of the said Commons or Waste Lands, or of sinking Shafts, erecting Engines, or making Roads or Ways, or other usual or customary Works for those Purposes, by any of his Majesty's liege Subjects, according to the Custom of Mining; but that the same Customs, Laws, Articles, Rules, and Orders, relating to the Mines and Miners within the said Manor or Wapentake of IPirhj-worthy shall remain, continue, and be in the like Force, Vigour, and Effect, as the same were in immediately before or at the Time of the passing of this Act.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required to make a separate Award, under their Hands and Seals, of all and every the Allotments, by Way of Exchange or otherwise, to be made to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by virtue of this Act, together with the Situations, Contents, and Quantities, Abuttals, and Boundaries#thereof, with the several Orders and Directions concerning the same: and also of the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments being of the Nature of of Tenure within the said Manor of Wirhfworthy which shall or may be exchanged or allotted under or by virtue- of this Act; and shall transmit the fame, together with a Map Plan thereof, upon a reduced Scale, to his Majesty's Clerk of the Council of his Duchy of Lancaster, or his Deputy, within three Calendar Months next after the making the General Award of the said Commissioners.

LII.

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. — cxiii.

LII. Saving always to the King's most excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as well in Right of his Crown as in Right of his Duchy of Lancaster, and to all and every other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (other than and except the respective Persons to whom any Allotment or Compensation shall be made by virtue of this A«ff, in respect of the Interest or Property for which such Allotment or Compensation shall be made, and all those meant and intended to be barred and excluded hereby ), all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand, as they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed, of, in, to, out, or in relped of the said Commons and Waste Lands so directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as aforesaid, before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed in case the same had not been made.

Cap. cxi.

An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of the sixteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and of the seventh and thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the River Itchiny in the County of Southampton.

[26th June 1802.]

The River shall in future cease to be exclusively navigated by the Proprietors under former Acts, and shall " be a publick navigable River under the Provisions of this Act."

Cap. cxii.

An Act for building and maintaining st Harbour and Pier at the Town and in the Parish of Thursoy in the County of Calthness.

[26th June 1802.]

" Proprietors incorporated by the Name of The Thurso Harbour Company, and empowered to raise Money, and 41 to make a Harbour, and to levy Rates, §1, &c. — Rates shall be deemed a Port Charge, §39; — to regulate " Pilotage, §52."

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall, after the passing of this Act, maliciously, wilfully, or wantonly demolish, break down, destroy, or set on Fire, any of the Piers, Quays, Jetties, Breads, or other Works, to be constructed in or belonging to the said Harbour, or any Ship, Boat, or other Vessel, lying or being therein, every such Person or Persons so offending, upon being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Petit Larceny.

Cap. cxiii.

An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rendering more commodious and for better regulating the Port of London, so far as the same relates to the Concerns of the West India Dock Company thereby established, and for extending to other Objects the Compensations directed to be made by the said Act.

[26th June 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for rendering more commodious and for better regulating the Port of London, whereby certain Persons therein named, and others therein described, were declared to be united into a Company, which should be«known by the Style or Firm of The West India Dock Company, and were empowered to subscribe the Sum of

five hundred thousand Pounds, as and for a Capital or Joint Stock, and to appoint, from Time to Time, as«therein is mentioned, twenty-one Persons, who should be, and be called The Directors for conducting and ma-

naging the Affairs and Business of the said Company 5 which Directors and their Successors, so from Time to Time to be appointed, were empowered, within the Space of five Years from and after the passing of the said recited Act, to make and complete navigable Docks, Basons, and Cuts, with Quays or Wharfs and Ware*

houses adjoining, or attached to the fame, to be situate in such Part as is therein described of the Trad of«Land called The Isle of Dogs, in the Parish of Stebonheath, otherwise Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, and

to inclose such of the said Docks as should be used for the unloading of Ships, and the Quays, Warehouses,

and other Buildings, to be made and built upon or near the Banks thereof, with a Wall and Ditch as

therein is mentioned; audit was thereby enacted, that for the Term of twenty-one Years, commencing from the Time when the said Works should be ready for the Reception of Ships and Goods, all the Ships and«Vessels which should come from the West Indies into the River Thames, with*Cargoes of West India Produce,

should unload and land their respective Cargoes within some or one of the said Docks, or on the Quays or«Wharfs which should belong thereto; and that the Duties which should be payable to the King's Majesty,

his Heirs and Successors in respect of the same, should thereupon, during the said Term, be ascertained at«such Quays or Wharfs, and not elsewhere (except as in the said Act is excepted); and certain Rates and«Duties therein mentioned were thereby appointed to be paid to the said Company, for the Ships and Vessels

which should use the said Docks, and for Goods imported from the West Indies, which should be landed or

discharged from on board of such Ships or Vessels; and the said Company were thereby empowered to aug-

ment their said Capital to any Inch further Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding iix hundred thousand

Pounds of Capital, as by any General Meeting of the said Company. should be deemed necessary and expedient; and in case the said five hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised by Subscription for the Use of the said Company, should not be all so laised, or should be found inefficient, then the said Company were there-« by also empowered to borrow on the Credit of the said Rates and Duties such Sum or Sums of Money, as

together with the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds so subscribed, or such Part thereof as should be

actually raised as aforesaid, might make and amount to any Sum or Sums of Money*not exceeding in the 1 Whole the Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds, for completing the said Works: And whereas, although

8*very

e

645

General Saying.

[16 & 17 Car. 2. c. 12.]

7 G. 3. c. 87.

35 G. 3. c. 86.

Punishment for destroying Works, single Felony,

39 G. 3. c. hr*.

3*. &c.

646

C.cxiii.

42° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

very considerable Progress has been made in carrying the said recited Act into Execution, the Whole of the

Docks, Basons, Quays, Warehouses, and other Works thereby authorized to be made and erected, cannot be

completed within the Period of five Years in the said Act mentioned; and it is therefore necessary that fur-

ther Time should be allowed for that Purpose: And whereas, in consequence of the increased Extent and

Magnitude of the said Docks and other Works, beyond the original Plan upon which the Estimates were ' founded, it will be necessary to raise a further Sum of Money to complete the same: And whereas it is expedient that certain of the Powers and Regulations thereby enacted should be altered and amended, and other

and further Powers and Authorities granted, and Regulations made for better carrying into Execution the Purpose3 of the said Act May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the said Directors for conducting and managing the Affairs and Business of the said Company, and

_ their Successors, by themselves, their Agents, Workmen, and Servants, at any Time or Times, within the Space within five Years of five Years next ensuing the passing of this Act, to design, lay out, make, and complete the said Docks, Bast om the parting fons, Cuts, Quays, or Wharfs and Warehouses, by the said recited Act authorized to be made; and to use and exercise during the same last-mentioned Period of five Years, such and the same Powers and Authorities for carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act, and all such Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Regulations, Matters, and Things, shall be in full Force and Effect for such Period, in like Manner, in every Respect, as if the said Period of five Years by this Act mentioned had been prescribed by the said recited Act; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

u §58 of 39 G. 3. c. lxix. concerning the surrounding Wall and Ditch, repealed, §2."

III. And be it further enacted, That there shall be built, by way of inward Fence to the Quays on the North Side, and at the East and West Ends of the Dock intended to be used by the said Company for the unloading of Ships, a strong and substantial Wall, not less than twenty Feet in Height from the original Level of the Land on which the same shall be built, in a parallel Line with and so as to connect the North Fronts of the Warehouses or Buildings erected or to be erected on the North Side of the same Dock, and which Wall shall North Side, and close in the North Side of each of the Intervals or vacant Spaces of Ground which are or shall be left between \vll\€p*a?nd fifid Warehouses or Buildings, and shall be continued and extend from the North East Comer of the same c "*' Warehouses or Buildings as far as the Lock made or to be made at the East Entrance of the last mentioned Dock, and shall also extend from the North West Corner of the said Warehouses or Buildings as far as the Lock made or to be made at the West Entrance of the same Dock; and that no House or other Building (except the outward Wall herein after directed to be built, and any necessary Bridge or Bridges) shall on any Account or Pretence whatsoever* be hereafter erected within one hundred Feet of the Outside of the said connecting Wall, or of any of the North Fronts of the said Warehouses or Buildings; and if any Person or Persons shall hereafter erect any House or other Building whatsoever, except as aforesaid, on the Outside of the same connecting Wall, and within the last mentioned Distance therefrom, or from any of the North Fronts of the same Warehouses or Buildings, he, she, or they, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and also the further Sum of fifty Pounds for every Month during which such Offender or Offenders shall permit such House or other Building, or any of the Materials thereof, to stand or remain within the Distance last aforesaid.

And to continue

IV. And be it further enacted, That a Wall similar to the said connecting Wall shall also be built and such connecting placed so as to extend from the South Side of the said Lock, at the East Entrance of the last mentioned Dock, and be continued all along and at a proper Distance from the South Side of the said Dock, as far as the South Side of the said Lock at the West Entrance of the said Dock, so that the Whole of the said Dock, and the

The Directors c.t the West India Dock Cum-p imv, cmpo\ver-< d at any Time

of this Act, to complete the Docks and Works by the recited Act authorized to be nude.

Directors empowered to build certain connedting Walls between the Warehouses on the

Wall on the South Side of the said Dock;

And to build another Wall, Sec. on the

Quays and Wharfs belonging thereto, may be effectually inclosed by the same Walls.

And be it further enacted, That the North Side and the East and West Ends of the said Dock, to be used for the unloading of Ships, together with the said Quays, Warehouses, and other Buildings to be made and built along or near such North Side and Ends thereof, shall be inclosed by another strong and durable Brick or oin 1 e, c. £tone with a41 iron Railing on the Top thereof, to extend from the North Side of the said Lock, at the East Entrance of the said Dock, to the North Side of the said Lock, at the West Entrance of the said Dock, leaving only sufficient Spaces in such Wall for proper and necessary Gateways through the fame; and immediately without the same last-m<?ntioned Wall, and for the whole Extent thereof, there shall be a Ditch of the Width of twenty Feet at the least, which shall be always (except during the Times of cleansing or repairing the fame) kept filled with Water, to the Depth of not less than fix Feet; and which Wall and Ditch, and also the other Walls herein-before directed to be built, the said Directors are hereby authorized and empowered to build and make accordingly, as soon as conveniently may be.

When any of

VI. And be it further enacted, That when any one or more of the said Docks, by the said recited Act and the Docks, See. this Act authorized to be made and built by the said Directors, with the Bason or Basons, Quays, Wharfs, shall be approv- Warehouses, and other Works belonging or to belong thereto, -shall be so far completed that in the Judgment ..a -.0 r, .- t|ie Lord High Treasurer, of any three or more of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, the same shall be fit for the Reception of Ships and Goods respectively, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and he and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to certify and make known the fame; which Certificate shall be published thyee Times at the least in the London Gazette, and in two or more publick Morning Newspapers then usually circulated in London; and the said Certificate, so published as aforesaid, shall be deemed sufficient Notice to all Parties interested in the Completion of the Dock or Docks, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Works, concerning which such

cd as ready for Re eptinn of Ships, Sec. Notice shall he ptibUshed in the Gazette, Sec.

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. C.cxiii. 647

such Certificate of Approbation shall be made; and from and after the Expiration of ten Days next ensuing the first Publication of the said Certificate in Manner a fore fa id, all the Rates and Duties by the said recited Act and this Act made payable to the said West India Dock Company, for Ships and Vessels entering into and uiing any of the said Docks, or any of the Bafous and Cuts belonging or which shall belong thereto, and also for any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which shall be landed or discharged from any Ship or Vessel lying within any of the said Docks, or any of the Basons or Cuts belonging or which shall belong thereto, shall commence, take effect, and become payable; and then and from thenceforth such of the Quays and Wharfs then made or built by the said Company, as shall be described in such Certificate to be fit for the Reception of Goods, shall be deemed and taken to be legal Quays and Wharfs accordingly; and all the Provisions in the said recited Act contained relating to the Incrcafeo? Interestor Dividends from and after the Completion of the said Docks, Cuts, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Works, and for compelling Ships and Vessels that shall arrive in the River Thames, with West India Produce on board, to uuload and land the Whole of such Produce within some or one of the said Docks, or on the Quays or Wharfs belonging or which shall belong thereto, and for causing the King's Duties in respect of the same to be ascertained at such Quays or Wharfs* and not elsewhere, and compelling such Ships and Vessels belonging to or frequenting the Port of London, as shall be used or employed in the West India Trade, to ship or take in their respective Cargoes, and be loaded either in some or one of the said Docks, or in such Part of the River Thames as shall be below the Entrance into the intended Canal at Blackball aforesaid, shall take effect and he in full Force and Operation; and the said Term of twenty-one Years, during which the aforesaid Provisions are to be in force, shall commence at and be computed from the Expiration of ten Days from the Time of the first Publication of the said Certificate as before-mentioned; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after such Publication as aforesaid, all the Gates and Doors Gatos anH Doors

of such of the said Docks, Quays, Wharfs, and Warehouses as shall be inclosed with a Wall or Walls and ot^Dock Pus-Gates as before mentioned, and also the Hatches of such Ships or Vessels as shall from Time to Time lie in the H^chcs'o!' said Dock or Docks with Goods on board, shall be under the Joint Locks of the said West India Dock Com- S'dps^rtiall bo pany, and of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Cuilums and Excise, or of their respective Officers, and shall under the Joint -be locked and opened only in the Joint Presence of one or more of the Officers of the said Company, and of J.ork$ of the one or more of the Officers of the said respective Commissioners duly appointed and authorized in that Behalf,; lpd

and shall never, on any Account or Pretence whatsoever, be locked or opened but in the Joint Presence of such officer*evctluC Officers; and the Officer or Officers whose Duty it shall be to attend the locking up and opening of the said

Gates, Doors, and Hatches respectively, shall, and they are hereby required to lock up and open the fame, or to cause or procure the same to be locked up and opened in their Presence, at the Hours herein after next mentioned for that Purpose; and every fuel) Officer refusing or neglecting to attend at the locking up and opening of the said Gates, Doors, or Hatches respectively, as herein directed, shall, for every such Offence (upon being convicted thereof) forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds nor less than twenty Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after such first Publication as aforesaid, and during such Hours for open-Term of twenty-one Years as before-mentioned, from the tenth Day of November to the ninth Day of May % inS and Cutting both inclusive, in every Year, the Gates of such of the said Docks, Quays, and Wharfs, as shall be io inclosed

with a Wall, according to the Directions of this Act, shall be openea for Business at the Hour of eight in the Morning, and continue open until the Hour of five in the Afternoon, and shall be (hut at the said Hour of

five in the Afternoon, and continue so (hut until the Hour of eight in the Morning: and from the tenth Day

of May to the ninth Day of November both inclusive, in every Year, the said Gates shall be opened for

Business at the Hour of fix in the Morning, and so continue until the Hour of fix in the Afternoon, and shall be (hut at the said Hour of fix in the Afternoon, and continue so (hut until the Hour of fix in the

Morning.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after such first Publication as aforesaid, and during such Hours for the Term of twenty-one Years as before-mentioned, the Officers of his Majesty's Revenue appointed to act and Attendance of acting within and upon the said Docks, Quays, and other Works of the said Company, shall from the tenth o^ce^CUue Day of November to the ninth Day of iftay both inclusive, in every Year, attend and transact Business from

from the Hour of nine in every Morning to the Hour of four in every Afternoon; and from the tenth Day of May to the ninth Day of November both inclusive, in every Year, from the Hour of eight in the Morning to the Hour of four in every Afternoon; and that during the said Hours and Times so limited and appointed* there shall be no Iiitermission or Cessation of Business, on any Account or Pretence whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after such first Publication, and during such Term of twenty- No Holidays one Years as aforesaid, no Holidays whatsoever shall be permitted or allowed to be observed and kept at thexce£l

said Docks, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses, or other Works of the said Company, either by any Officer or and Good Officers of or belonging to his Majesty's Revenue, or by any Officer or Servant of the said Company, or other days. General Person or Persons whatsoever, except Sundays, Christmas Days, and Good Fridays y and any Day which shall be Fasti and appointed by his Majesty's Proclamation for the Purpose of a General , Fast or Thanksgiving; but that all Tka*k % iviag*. Business of the said Company, am> relating to his Majesty's Revenue, and of all Persons uung the said Docks*

Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses, or other Works, shall be carried.on »*pon all Holidays, except as before excepted* in the same Manner as upon any other Days in the Year.

XI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after such Publication, and during such Tern* of twenty- No Pertonffcall

one Years as aforesaid, no Person whatsoever shall be permitted to remain within such Part of the said Docka, remain w«hn Quays, Warehouses, and other Premises as are to be inclosed within the Wall to be connected with the North

Fronts of the said Warehouses as aforesaid, during any Part of the Hours and Times when the same Premises "ept a gILud!

x arc

Directors em-

powered to permit Fires, &c. within the Dorks, S/c. not-withfbnding recited Act.

Reguliti jns for securing Cargo to be oSferved by Matters of West India Vessels before Arrival at Giavefend.

Penalty 50l. to 20l.

Regulations as to Report of Ship and delivering Manifest by Matter.

Penalty 50l. to 20l.

On Neg'ed to enter at Custum House, fce.West India Goods brought into the Dock Premises, seven Days after the Vessel is repotted, the Company may enter the same the next Day, &c.

C.cxiii. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

are to be kept flr.it and locked up as directed by this Act, unless it shall hereafter appear to the said Directors that a Guard or Watch may be necessary within the said Premises, in which Case the said Directors are hereby empowered to appoint and place within the same, or any Part thereof, such Guard or Watch and during such Hours at they shall think proper.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear to the said Directors necessary and proper to permit any Fire, Candles, or Lamp3, to be lighted and used within any of the said Docks, or the Basons, Cuts, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Works which shall belong thereto, it shall be lawful for the said Directors, from Time to Time, to authorize and permit the same to be lighted and used in such Part or Parts thereof, and during such Tunes and Hours as they shall specially order and direct in that Behalf; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after such Publication, and during such Term of twenty-one Years as aforesaid, upon the Arrival of any Ship or Vessel in the River Thames, with a Cargo of West India Produce, the Matter or Commander of such Ship or Vessel shall, on or before her Arrival at Gravesend\ well and securely lock down and fatten, with strong and sufficient Locks and other Fastenings, to be provided at the Expence of the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, all the Hatches leading to or connected with the Cargo of such Ship or Vessel; and from the Time of her Arrival at Gravesend the said Matter or Commander shall remain constantly on board such Ship or Vessel, and keep her Hatches so locked down and fattened until the same Ship or Vessel be safely moored in one of the said Docks, and until such Master or Commander shall have delivered the Keys of such Locks or Fastenings to such Officer or Servant of the said Company as shall be duly authorized to receive the same; and in case any Matter or Commander of any such Ship or Vessel shall refuse or neglect to provide such Locks and other Fastenings, or 1o lock and fatten down the Hatches of such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, or to keep the same so locked and fattened down, or shall leave such Ship or Vessel after her Arrival at Gravesend, and before (he shall be safely moored, and the said Keys so delivered as last aforesaid, or shall refuse or neglect to deliver the said Keys to such Officer or Servant as before-mentioned, within two Hours next after such Mooring, every such Master, Commander, or other Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, (upon being convicted thereof, ) forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds norlels than twenty Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after such Publication, and during such Term of twenty* one Years as aforesaid, every Matter or Commander of any Ship or Vestrl which shall arrive in the River Thames from any Part of the West Indies, shall in every Case make his Report of such Ship or Vessel, and of her Cargo, at the Custom House in London, within twenty-four Hours next after her Arrival within any one of the said Docks, and shall also, within forty-eight Hours after such Ship or Vessel and Cargo shall be so reported, deliver or cause to be delivered two true Copies of the Manifest of the Cargo of such Ship or Vessel, at the Principal Office or House in the City of London used for the Time being for the Management of the Affairs of the said Company, to such Officer or Servant of the said Company as shall be appointed for the Receipt there* of; and every such Master or Commander refilling or neglecting to make such Report, or to deliver two true Copies of such Manifest within the respective Times, and in the Manner before directed, shall for every such Offence (upon being convicted thereof ), forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds, nor less than twenty Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after such Publication, and during such Term of twenty-one Years as aforesaid, in case any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the Produce of the West Indies, shall be brought into any of the said Docks, Basons, or Cuts, on board of any Ship or Vessel, and shall not be duly entered at the Custom-house in London, and also at such other Office of his Majesty'ff Revenue as shall be required by Law, within seven Days next after the Ship or Vessel importing the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall have been reported at the Custom House, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Officer or Officers of the said West India Dock Company, as shall be appointed for that Purposeby the Directors thereof, on the next ensuing Day, (not being a Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday, or a Day appointed by his Majesty's Proclamation for the Purpose of a General Fall or Thanksgiving) to cause such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize to be duly entered at the Custom Hpufe, or other proper Revenue Office, and thereupon to pay or to give Security according to Law for the Payment of the Duties to which the same shall be subject; and forthwith to land and warehouse such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, and retain the same as a Security for the Payment of the Duties to which they shall be subject, and the Rates and Duties payable thereon to the said Company, and the Charges and Expences of entering the fame, together with the following Charges to be payable to the said Company for making such Entry; (that is to say, ) for every Calk of Sugar, Rum, and Coffee, of whatever Weight or Dimensions, one Shilling; and for every other Package of Goods, of whatever Kind or Denomination, six Pence; and in case the said Duties, Rates, Charges, and Expences shall not be paid and discharged by the Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, within one Calendar Month next after such Entry as aforesaid shall be made thereof by the Officer or Officers of the said Company, it shall and may be lawful so* the said Directors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to sell and dispose of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any Part thereof, to answer and satisfy the said Duties, Rates, Charges, and Expences, together with the Expences attending such Sale, and legal Interest for any Sum or Sums of Money which shall and may* be advanced or distmrfed for oy on Account of such Duties, Rates, Charges, and Expences, or any- of them, rendering the Overplus (if any) of the Monies arising by the said Sale, and such of the said Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as shall remain unfold, to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, who shall respectively be liable to pay or make good the Deficiency (if any) which shall or may arise from the Proceeds of such Goode, Wares, or Merchandise proving inadequate to satisfy and discharge the

G.

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. cxiii.

649

On Neglect to enter such Goods for eight Days after the Vessel shall have been reported, the Officers of the

If Duties not paid in one Month, Goods^ may be sold, Sc c, as under

T 2 Ann. ft.

c. 8.[§5.]

No West India Vessel permitted to break Bulk until the Whole

Vessels shall be discharged in Rotation of Lntry, &c.

Amount of such Duties, Rates, Charges, Expences, and Interest as aforesaid: Provided always, that the Court of Directors of the faitl Company shall be, and they are hereby authorized to remit the Whole or any Part of the said Charges to \>t paid to the said Company for making Entries of Goods as aforesaid, under any special Circumstances which shall appear to the said Court of Directors to warrant such Remission.

XVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That, from and after such Publication, and during such Term of twenty-one Years as aforesaid, in case any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize as aforesaid, shall remain unentered at the proper Revenue Offices for the Space of eight Days next after the Ship or Vessel importing the same shall have been reported at the Custom House, {or for the Space of nine Days when such eigfith Day shall happen to be Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Fridity, or a Day appointed by his Majesty's Proclamation for the Purpose of a General Faff: or Thanksgiving), then and in every such Gafe it (halt and 'may be lawful for the Officers of his Majesty's Customs or Excile, whose Duty it shall be to attend the unlading of £^0tes such Ship or Vessel, and they are hereby required to seize for and on Behalf of his Majesty, his Heirs and Sue- &c*c °°9ceflors, all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, as shall so remain unentered, in order to secure the Duties

payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in respcdf tfiereof, together with the Charges of such Seizure, and all Costs, Charges, and Expences, which shall be occasioned thereby, and thereupon shall forthwith proceed to land and warehouse the fame; and in case the Whole of the said Duties, Costs, Charges, and Expences, and the Rstes and Duties payable to the said Company, shall not be paid within the Space of one Calendar Month from the Time of the Seizure of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, it shall and may be lawful for any two or more of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Custon.s, or any two or more of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Excise, immediately after the Expiration of such Calendar Month, to order and direct the same to be sold, and the Proceeds arifiqg from such Sale (after Payment of the Rates and Duties which shall be due and payable to the said Company), to be applied according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Tobacco Trade; any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom to the contrary not with standing.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after such Publication, and during such Term of twenty-one Years as aforesaid, no Ship or Vessel which shall arrive in the River Thames, with West India Produce on board, shall on any Account or Pretence whatsoever, be permitted to break Bulk, or land any Part of her Car-

?o, until the Whole of such Cargo shall be duly entered at the Custom House, or other proper Revenue Office except in the Case of Seizure as herein-before mentioned); and every such Ship or Vessel shall be laid or placed along the Side of one of the said Quays, in order that the Cargo thereof may be discharged upon such Quay 5

and all such Ships or Vessels shall be so discharged or unloaded upon one of the said Quays, in due Succession or Rotation, according to the respective Dates or Times, when the Entries of their Cargoes at the Custom House and other proper Revenue Offices shall have been fully made and completed, and the Warrants of such Entries delivered to the proper Officers of the said Dock Company appointed to receive the same, or the unentered Part of such Cargoes shall be seized as aforesaid, and not according to the Times of the respective Arrivals of such Ships or Vessels in any of the said Docks; and that the said Company shall be at Liberty, and they are hereby authorized, to discharge and unload all such Ships or Vessels, in such Succession or Rotation as aforesaid, with all convenient Dispatch after the Cargoes thereof shall be duly entered as aforesaid, or the unentered Part thereof shall be seized; any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Master or Commander of every Ship or Vessel which shall or may unload in any of the said Docks, Basons, or Cuts, or in case of his Death, Disability, or Incapacity, the next Chief or Senior Officer then actually serving or employed on board such Ship or Vessel, shall, during all the Time employed in unloading or discharging such Ship or Vessel, actually remain on board, and superintend, aid, and assist in such unloading or discharging; and that every Master or Commander, or in case of his Death,

Disability, or Incapacity, the next Chief or Seniof Officer then actually serving or employed on board of such Shipr or Vessel, who shall neglect orrefufe to superintend, aid, and assist in the unloading and discharging of the same as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds nor less than twenty Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after such Publication, and during such Term of twenty- West India one Years as aforesaid, all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being WesIJndta Produce, as shall be brought Goods charge-into any of the said Docks, and shall be chargeable with Duties according to the Weight or Measure thereof, T'j1*1 Duucf shall be respectively weighed or gauged, as the Case shall require, immediately or as soon as may be after the vvSgbt'w^ei-fame shall be landed or unshipped, and before any Samples for Sale shall be taken from the same; and imrne- fare* shall be diately or as soon as may be after such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be weighed or gauged, and fur- weighed or veyed, examined, and Samples for Sale taken from the same, they shall be deposited and kept m some or one of gauged iranae-the Warehouses built and provided, or to be built and provided by the said Company as before mentioned, under such joint Locks as are herein prescribed and directed, except in Cases where the immediate Removal of such 1D am*Goods, Wares, or Merchandize from the said Quays, shall be authorized by Law.

XX. And whereas Staves for Sugar Hogsheads and other Cartes, cannot always be procured in the West In- How the Tire Indus from North America, or other Countries from which the same are usually brought, and the Proprietors of Weight of Calks Wcji India Produce, or their Agents, are in such Cases compelled to use Staves made of Wood grown in the West Jj* afccr* Indies, and much heavier than the Staves ordinarily used, and thereby the Allowance for the Tare of Calks of ume such Wood, made by the Revenue Officers according to certain Rates per Hundred Weight on the Gross Weights of the Calks and their Contents, is not sufficient; be it therefore further enacted, That from and after such Publication as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors, as and when they shall think fit, during the said Term of twenty-one Years, to empty, or cause to be emptied in the Presence of the Landing Waiter belonging to his Majesty's Customo then on Duty, any Number of Calks which they may think proper,

42 Geo. III. 4 O of

The Com minder or Senior Officer, shall be on board all the Time of unloading.

650

West India Goods shall fce examined, and Damages happening theieto ascertained and valued, and Samples laken bef'01 e removed from the Quays.

Additional Rate* to the Company on all West India Go*>ds on account of such Tiouble,

So much of § t 3 7. of lecited Act as directs the Times of Payment of Rates repealed.

Other Times appointed.

n Default of Payment, Pi-»tutors empowered to fell Goods.

C.cxiii. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

of the different Sizes in each Cargo of West India Produce which shall be brought into any of the said Docks, the Number so to be emptied not exceeding two Calks of each Size and Description in each Cargo; one of such two Calks to be ftkdled by some Officer of the said Company appointed for that Purpose, and the other of them to be selectedby the said Landing Waiter, as to each and every Size and Description of which any Calks shall be so emptied; and it shall be lawful for the said Directors to cause such emptied Calks to be weighed in the Presence of such Landing Waiter, and an Account to betaken in Writing of their different Weights; and that then and in every such Case the respective Average Weight of the two Calks so to be selected as aforesaid, shall be taken and confident! as the Average Weight or Standard by which the Tares of the Remainder of the Calks of the same Size and Description respectively in such Cargo shall be computed and ascertained; and the same shall be computed and ascertained accordingly, and shall be observed and allowed between the Config-nees of such West India Produce and the Officers of his Majesty's Revenue in computing the Net Weight of such Produce.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported in Ships from the West Indies* which shall be landed on the said Quays, shall be surveyed and examined by some competent Person or Persons to be appointed by the said Directors for that Purpose, and which Person or Persons shall enquire into and ascertain the Causes and Extent of any Injury or Damage which shall have happened to the fame, either by Sea Damage, improper Stowage, or otherwise, and shall compute and value such Injury or Damage, and deliver his or their Report in Writing thereon to the Directors of the said Company as soon as may be; and the fame, or some other Person or Persons to be appointed in Manner last aforesaid, shall collect and take, or cause to be collected and taken, Samples for Sale of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize which shall be landed on the said Quays before the same shall be removed- therefrom (the Quantity of which Samples, in the Case of Sugar, ffialt never exceed one Pound and a Half Avoirdupois Weight From each Calk; And in consideration of the great additional Expence and Trouble which will be occasioned by such Survey and Examination, and ascertaining* the Causes and Extent of any Injury or Damage, and the Amount or Value thereof, and also by taking such Samples of the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and delivering the Whole of the said Sample to the Order of the Importers thereof, which he and they is and are hereby required to do, there shall be payable and paid to the said West India Dock Company, or their Collectors, Receivers, or Agents, for their Use, for all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported in Ships from the West Indies, as shall be landed, uiffiipped, or discharged from on board of any Ship or Vessel within any of the said Docks, and shall be so fur-vjyed and examined, and Samples taken thereof as aforesaid (over and above the Rates and Duties by the said recited Act granted), the additional Rates or Duties next herein after mentioned; (that is to say, )

For all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize (except Sugar), as by the said recited Act are or shall be chargeable with the Payment of any Rate or Duty to the said Company, according to the Weight thereof, there shall be payable and paid the additional Rate or Duty of Two-pence per Hundred Weight, and for Sugar the additional Rate or Duty of one Penny per Hundred Weight;

And for all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, as by the same Act are or shall be chargeable with the Payment of any Rate or Duty to the said Company, according to the Measure thereof, there shall be^ payable and paid the additional Rate or Duty of one Shilling per Calk.

Which additional Rates or Duties shall be paid by the Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize respectively, and shall be levied and collected in Rich Manner as in and by the said recited Act and this Act is directed with respect to the Rates and Duties made payable to the said-Company; and the said additional Rates and Duties are hereby vested in the said West India Dock Company, and their Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, holding for the Time being Shares of the Capital Stock of the said Company as their own proper Monies, but for the Purposes in the said recited Act mentioned, concerning the Rates and Duties thereby granted.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as directs that the Rates or Duties? thereby granted in respect of such of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize to be imported from the West Indies as Should be subject to the Payment of any Duty to the King's Majesty, his Heir6 or Successors, should be payable and paid when the Poll Entry of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize Should be made at the Custom House, and as directs that the Rate3 or Duties thereby granted in respect of such of the said Goods* Wares, and Merchandize as Should not be subject to the Payment of any Duty to the King's Majesty, his Heirs-or Successors, Should be payable and paid before such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively Should be. taken from the said Dock Premises, shall be repealed, and the same is hereby repealed accordingly.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Rates or Duties by the said recited Act and this Act, or either* of them, granted to the said Company in respect of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize being West India Produce, which shall be imported into the Port of London, shall in every Case be payable and paid within one Calendar Month next after the Cargo of the respective Ship or Vessel importing the same shall have been completely discharged or unloaded; or in caie such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be removed from the Quays or Warehouses of the said Company before the Expiration of one Calendar Month, then the said Rates and Duties which shall be payable and paid in respect of the same, previous to such Removal thereof, and in case Default shall be made in Payment of the said Rates or Duties, or any of them, for the Space of two Calendar Mouths-next after the Expiration of such one Calendar Month as lall aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Directors to fell, or cause to be sold, all or any Part of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize for which the said Rates and Duties, or any Part thereof, shall remain payable, and out of the Monies thence arising. to retain and pay all the Rates and Duties which shall be payable to the said Company in respect of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and all Charges and Expences of making such Sale, returning the Overplus (if ^uy) of the Mo-

2 nies

A.D. 1802.

42° GEORGII III.

C. cxiii. cxiv.

nies arising by the said Sale, and such of the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize as shall remain unfold, to the Person or Persons who shall be entitled thereto

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Perquisite, or Reward, of any Denomination whatsoever, shall be taken, accepted, or received, by any Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants, who shall or may be employed in the Service of the said West India Dock Company, other than the Salary or Wages that shall or may be paid or allowed to such Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants respectively, by the said Company; nor shall any Fee, Perquisite, or Reward whatsoever, be taken, accepted, or received by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Revenue, who shall or may attend, aft, or be employed in the Discharge of any Dtity, Office, or Employment of his Majesty's Revenue within the said Docks, Basons, Cuts, Locks, Quays, Warc-houses, and other the Premises of or belonging to the said Company, for any Service, Act, or Duty which shall or may be done or performed within the same, touching or concerning any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize that 'shall or may be imported and unladen therein; and that every Person taking, accepting, or receiving any Fee, Perquisite, or Reward, contrary to this Act, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay back the Amount of the Fee, Perquisite, or Reward so taken, accepted, or received, and in Addition thereto any Sum not exceeding one hundred Pounds nor kfs than twenty Pounds; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to deprive or prohibit any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Revenue from taking, accepting, or receiving any Fee, Perquisite, or Reward which by Law he now is or shall be entitled to, for or in respect of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize which shall or may be exported from the said Docks, Basons, Cuts, Locks, Quays, Warehouses, and other Premises, whether the same Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall or shall not have been previously imported into and unladen therein.

XXVI. ' And whereas such Ships and Vessels as shall bring a Cargo into and be unloaded in any of the said

Docks, will, under the said recited Act, be entitled and may be permitted to go into and remain for six Months

in such of the said Docks as shall be set apart for empty or light Vessels, without thereby incurring any additional

Charge; but inasmuch as new or other Vessels may frequently come into such lad mentioned Dock or Docks to

take in their outward bound Cargoes, or for their greater Safety and Accommodation, without being so as < aforesaid entitled to the Use of such Dock or Docks, free from additional Charge, ' be it therefore further enacted, That there shall be payable and paid to the said West India Dock Company, or to their Collectors, Receivers, or Agents, for their Use, for every Ship or Vessel which shall enter into and use any of the said Docks to be set apart for empty or light Vessels, and shall not be so as aforesaid'entitled to enter and remain therein without any additional Charge on that Account, the Rate or Duty of two Shillings for every Ton of the Tonnage Burden of such Ship or Vessel; which Rate or Duty shall be paid by the Matter, or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, or by the Owner or Owners thereof, and shall be ascertained, levied, and collected in such and the same Manner, in all respects, as in the said recited Act is prescribed concerning the Duty of six Shillings and eight Pence per Ton thereby granted, and shall be accepted for and in Satisfaction of the Use and Conveniency of the said Dock, for any Space of Time not exceeding six Calendar Mouths; and all Charges of the navigating, mooring, unmooring, removing, and Management of such Ship or Vessel, from her Arrival at the Entrance into such Dock, until she shall depart therefrom: Provided nevertheless, that this Act shall not extend to charge with the last mentioned Rate or Duty, any Lighters or Craft entering into any such of the said Docks at shall be set apart for light Vessels, to convey, deliver, discharge, or receive Ballast or Goods to or from on board of any Vessel or Vessels.

The Company empowered to increase their Capital to 8ro, oooo/. §27. Or to borrow such further Sums as 4t with their present Capital and further Subscriptions may amount to 800, 000l. and to assign the Rates as a Se-€i curity for Repayment of Monies borrowed, §28. No Securities to have Preference on account of prior Date,* §29. No Monies shall be subscribedorlent to the Company in less Sums than 100l. each. Securities for any ltfs* Sum so lent, shall be void, §30. No Transfer shall be made of any smaller Sum of the Company's Capital Stock u than 100l. thereof, §32. Directors shall not be personally answerable for Aftslegally done by them in the Capacity of Directors, f 32. Compensations under $ 121 of recited Act extended to Lightermen employed €t in unloading, &c. West India Ships, §33. As also to Sugar Coopers, forLoffes under last Act and this, §34. €t For paying Expences of obtaining this Act, §35. Powers, Clauses, &c. of recited Act extended to this Act, §36. Publick Act, J 37."

Cap. cxiv.

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Boat Pool of Dairy in the Glenkenns to the

Port and Town of Kirkcudbright, in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright.

[26th June 1802.]

[Persons incorporated by the Name of The Company of Proprietors of the Glenkenns Canal Navigation.]

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Peron or Persons shall wantonly, carelessly, or negligently open, or cause to be opened, any Lock Gate, or any Paddle, Valve, or Clough, belonging to any Lock to be erected on the said Canal, or suffer any Boat or other Vessel to strike or run upon any of the Bridges or Locks thereof, or shall wilfully flush or draw off the Water from any Part of the said Canal, or shall leave any of the said Valves or Cloughs open or running, after any Boat err other Vessel shall have praffed any such Lock, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, a* Sum not exceeding five Pounds nor less than forty Shillings; and if any Person shall wilfully', inaliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Navigation, break, throw down, damage, or destroy any Banks or other Works to be erected and made by virtue of this Act, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner

4 O 2.as

651

No Fees A.?11 be taken by the Company's ur

Revenue 0&-cers.

Additional Penalty, tool, to 20l.

Exception for lawful Fee* ou Exportation.

Rate for light Vessels using Docks, without having first brought in a Cargo.

Penalty onepni* ingLocks. &c. 5k to 40s.

On Persons wilfully dell t oy in 5 Works, Single Felony.

652

or Dvuhle Darn.^M*

50, 000l.

f }2 G. ?.C. 102. 37 G*3. c. ioo.]

Goals and Culm carried on the Tramroads made in pursuance ot' this Act, and afterward* carried from Place to I^ace on the River Severn to Ihc Eastward of The Holmes, exempted from Duties on Coals and Culm carried by Sea.

27 fr« 3. c. % $m.ScMitle (A. Coastwise)

& 27 G. 3. r. 32.

3' G; 3* c. 100.

29-)

Such Coals, Ice. §ull be duly entered.

For exempting Coals, Ice. from Duty, although they Should tirft pass to the West-ward of Tfe Holmes, for the Pur-pore of entering he Port of Jf ridgeWater.

C. cxiv. cxv. 42° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, dr in Mitigation of such

Punishment, such Court may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny; or other* wife, <every Person fu offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall forfeit any jSum not less than double the Value or Amount of the Damage proved upon Oath to have been done, together with reasonable Costs* to be levied and recovered in such Manner as Penalties and Forfeitures are herdn-after directed to be levied and recovered.

Cap. cxv.

An Act for making and maintaining certain Railways to communicate with the Monmouthshire Canal Navigation, and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of that Navigation to raise a further Sum of Money*to complete their Undertaking; and for explaining and amending the Acts, passed in the thirty-second and thirty-seventh Years of his present Majesty's Reign, relating thereto.

[26th June 1802.]

£ Persons incorporated by the Name '/The Sirhowy Tramroad Company.]

XLIX. 4 And whereas by an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled/ 4 An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for apply-

ing the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the publick Revenue; for permitting the fvHportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King 6 into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annul- ties on Lives to the Reduction of the National Debt\ and by the Schedule marked (A), annexed to the said Act, certain Duties of Customs arc imposed on Coals and Culm brought Coastwise from Port to Port in Great Britain, except into the Port of London, and except ihat Coals and Culm carried from the Bridge of Stirling which is on the Firth of Forth, to the Town of Dunbar or to Redhead, or to any Part betwixt them, or from 1 Ellen Foot to Bank End in the County of Cumberland, or from any Creek or Place to any other Creek or Place ' between Ellen Foot and Bank End aforesaid, are not, by reason of such Carriage, liable to any Duty of Customs: And whereas by an Act, passed in the same Year, intituled, An Act for making further Provisions in re* 4 gard to such Vessels as are particularly described in an Act made in the twenty fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for extending the said Act to other Vef*

felt and Boats not particularly described threin; for taking of the Duties on Plqfks in which Wine or Oil is imported;

for laying an additional Duty on Foreign Geneva imported; for taking off the Duty on Ebony the Growth of Africa,

imported into this Kingdom; and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Customs, after reciting, that

by the said former Act passed in the then Session of Parliament, certain Duties of Customs were imposed on Coals, Culm, and Cinders, brought Coastwise within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and that Doubts might arise concerning the true Intent and Meaning of the Words therein mentioned, it wa3 enacted, that the several and respective Duties of Customs imposed on Coals, Culm, and Cinders brought Coastwise, within Great Britain, should be charged and paid upon all Coals, Culm, and Cinders respectively, wh.ch Should be shipped,

4 or waterborne in order to be shipped or laid on board any Ship or Vessel to be carried by Sea, and which Should

be carried by Sea in any Ship or Vessel from any Port or Place within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and which Should be brought or landed in any other Port or Place within the said Kingdom of Great Britain, favc and except in such Cases where special Provision is particularly and expressly made to the contrary in the said former Act, or in the Schedule or Tables annexed thereto: And whereas, in Consideration that the said Company of Proprietors of the Monmouthshire Canal Navigation had, expended large Sums of Money in making

their said Canal, and that the said Duties of Customs, if levied upon Coals and Culm carried upon the said Canal for the Purpose of being afterwards carried to different Ports or Places on the River Severn to the East-

ward of the Islands called The Holmes, would be a Discouragement to the Carriage of such Articles, it was by the said herein-before mentioned Act, of the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, enabled,

' that no Coals or Culm carried on the said Canal, and afterwards carried from any Port or Place to the Eastward of the said I Hands called The Holmes, to any other Port or Place in or upon the River Severn, also to the Eastward of the said Islands, without passing to the Westward thereof, Should be subject or liable to the

Payment of the Duties payable in respect of Corns or Culm carried by Sea: And whereas the said Duties of Customs would in like Manner be a great Discouragement to the Carriage of Coals and Culm upon the Railways and Tramroads hereby authorized to be made, for the Purpose of Exportationbe it therefore further enacted, That no Coals or Culm which shall be carried or conveyed on any of the Railways or Tramroads to be made in pursuance of this Act, and which shall be afterwards carried or conveyed from any Port or Place to the Eastward of the said Islands called The Holmes, to any other Port or Place in or upon the River Severn, also to the Eastward of the said Islands called The Holmes, without passing to the Westward of the said Islands, shall be subject or liable to the Payment of the Duties payable in respect of Coals or Culm carried by Sea: Provided always nevertheless, that no such Coals or Culm shall be so carried as aforesaid, from any Port or Place in or upon the said River to any other Port or Place in or upon the same River, free of such Duties of Customs as aforesaid, unless such Entries thereof shall be first made, and such Documents procured as are by Law required in the Case of Coals and Culm carried Coastwise.

L. 4 And whereas the Port of Bridgewater in the River Severn lies to the Eastward of the said Islands called Tlx Holmes, and may be entered by a Passage also to the Eastward of the said Islands, but the NavigaticHi of such Passage being dangerous, it is usual for Vessels bound down the River Severn to the said Port of Bridgewater, to pass a mort Distance to the Westward of the said Islands, for the Purpose of entering the Port by a more safe Passage; and a Doubt hath in consequence arisen, whether Coals or Culm carried from any Place to the Eastward of the said Islands to the said Port of Bridgewater by the latter Passage, fall within the aforesaid Exexption from Sea Duties, contained in the said Act of the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign be it therefore further enacted, That no Coals or Culm which shall be carried or conveyed

6 e/tker

A.D. 1802. 42° GEORGII III. cxv. — cxix. 653

cither on the (kid Monmouthshire or anT Railways or Traroroads to be made in pursuance of

this Act, and shall k» /ard» carried or conveyed to the said Port of Bridge watery shall be fuWeft

or liM* este Payment of the Duties payable in respect of Coals or Culm carried by Sea, although the same shall first pass to the Westward of the said Islanda, for the Purpose of entering the said Port of Bridgewater with greater Safety: Provided always, that no Vessel carrying Coals or Culm, shall touch at any other Port or Place to the Westward of The Holmes in her Voyage to Bridgewater; and that no such Coals or Culm shall be so carried as aforesaid, from any Port or Place in or upon the said River Severn to any other Port or Place in or upon the same River, free of such Duties of Customs as aforesaid, unless such Entries thereof shall be first made, and such Documents procured, as are by Law required in the Case of Coals and Culm carried Coastwise*

Cap. cxvi.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his pre- [7 G.j.c*$8.J sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual draining the Lands lying in the Level of Ancholme, in the County of Lincoln, and making the River Ancnolme navigable from the River Humber, at or near a Place called Ferraby Sluice, in the County of Lincoln, to the Town of Glamford Briggs, and for continuing the said Navigation up or near to the said River from thence to Bishop Briggs, in the said County of Lincoln* [26th June 1802.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and others granted.'}

Cap. cxvii.

An Act for the more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the [See firmer A A Turnpike Road at Buckton Burn, in the County of Durham, through Berwick-upon-Tweed, to Lammerton 26 G. 2. c. 82.

Hilly and also several other Roads therein mentioned, lying in the said County, and within the Liberties of9 ct 79-J

the said Town of Berwick; and also for erecting two bridges over the River Tweedy and for making two Roads from the said Bridges to the Road leading from Berwick aforesaid to Cornhill, in the said County of Durham (b).

[2$th June 1802.]

[Former Acts repealed.}

Cap. cxviii.

An Act for vesting divers Freehold and Leasehold Messuages, Pieces or Parcels of Ground, and Hereditaments* G. t.

situate in several Paridies in the County of Middlesex, heretofore the Estates of Thomas Taylor Esquire, the c. 6*pr.] Father, and Thomas Taylor Esquire, the Son, both deceased, and several Leasehold Messuages in the same County, heretofore the Estate of Sarah Otway Widow, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, and for applying the Purchase Money according to the Directions of the said Court, such Directions to be given upon Application in a summary Way.

[26th June 1802.]

Cap. cxix.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Commons, and other Commonable and Wane Lands, within the Parish of Coningsby otherwise Conefby, in the County of Lincoln.

JJ [26th June 1802.]

t

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis, Quadragesimo tertio.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the sixteenth Day of November, dnno Domini One r\; thousand eight hundred and two, in the forty-third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord

GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland

King, Defender of the Faith

Being the First Session of the Second Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland/

CAP. L

An Act for further suspending, until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Operation of two Acts, made in the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

[17th December 1802.]

WHEREAS two Acts passed in the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, W to restrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes under five Pounds made and negotiated in England

have been, by several subsequent Acts of the thirty-seventh, thirty-eighth, add thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, suspended until and upon the thirtieth Day of Novender One thousand eight hundred and two, so far as the same relate to any Notes, Drafts, or Undertakings made payable on Demand to the Bearer thereof: And whereas it is expedient further to suspend the said Acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth Years, so far as the same relate to such Notes which shall be made for Sums of one Pound and one

Shilling and of one Pound each be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with, the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the making void of Promissory Notes, or other Notes, made payable on Demand to the Bearer thereof for Sums of one round and one Shilling and of one Pound each, and also so far as the same restrain the publishing or uttering and negotiating of any such Promissory Notes or other Notes as last aforesaid, shall, from and after the said thirtieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and two, be, and the same are hereby declared to be, further suspended until the Expiration oflix Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament*

Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §2."

CAP. II.

An Act for the more speedy and effectual Enrolment of the Militia of Ireland; and for filling up Vacancies therein.

[17th December 1802.]

WHEREAS it may be expedient that the Militia in Ireland should be forthwith enrolled: And whereas the Mode of rafing Men by Ballot hath not been generally adopted in Ireland, and it might therefore be attended with Inconvenience to Droceed by that Mode only for the rurposes aforesaidbe it therefore en-sted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, at any Time within four Months after the passing of this Act, to issue his Orders to all or any of the several Colonels and other Commanding Officers of the lcspective Regiments of Militia in Ireland^ requiring him

43 Geo. III. 4 P or

15 G. 3. c. 5*-x 7 G. 3. c. 30. [formerly

jyjpended Af7 G. 3. ff. 32. 61. I to.

38 G. 3. c. 7.

39 G. 3. ee. 9. 24. 47. A* 107*

5 «-J

Recited Acts IS & 17 G. 3. as to Notes oft 11, is. & of iL payable on demand, turlbei suspended.

Lord Lieutenant may, lor four Months, issue Orders for enrolling Vo-

658 C. 2. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

Jumeers, and require the Treafiny to issue not exceed in 540, 000]. to the Colonels, at the Rate of tveo Guineas per Man enrolled.

Upon such Orders, the Colonels, &c. shall proceed to enrol Volunteers, and p.iy them said Bounty Muncy.

No more than two GuineaJ Ih.tll he given any Volunteer.

Colonels, Sec. shall trar.smit ccitifiecl Copies of Entiies of the Names, Sec. of Men enrolled to the Chief Societal y.

Oath of Men

to enrolled.

Persons so enrolled shall become "Militia Men.

Chief Secretary shall cause Copies of Returns of Men enrolled, ice. to be transmitted to the County Trea-fureis, who shall lay same before the Judges of AfTi/e, &c. to be given in Charge to the Grand Juries, that the Money may be raised oil the Counties.

If Grind Jury neglect to present such Charge, the Judge may dire»9 the Trca-fuier to return the same as a Prefontment Lot uavtrfrtble.

or them, without Delay, to proceed to enrol a certain Number of Volunteers, not exceeding in any Case the present Complements of the federal Establishments of their respective Regiments; and, for that Purpose, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to issue his Orders to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland, requiring them to advance, from Time to Time, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of forty thousand Pounds, as the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors as aforesaid, may by such Order direct, and to pay to the several Colonels, or other Commanding Officer or Officers of the different Regiments of Militia in Ireland, such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Rate of two Guineas for every private Man that may be so enrolled.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon such Order being issued as aforesaid, the said several Colonels, or other Commanding Officer or Officers of the said Regiments, shall immediately proceed to enliil and enrol, within their respective County or County of City, such Volunteers, being able-bodied Men, usually resident within such respective Counties, and being not less than five Feet and four Inches in Height, and not more than forty-five Years of Age, as can be procured, giving to each Man, by Way of Bounty, any Sum not exceeding the sum of two Guineas per Man, one Guinea thereof to be paid to every such Volunteer at the Time of hia enrolling himself in any such Regiment of Militia, apd the remaining Guinea to be paid to every such Volunteer on his first Appearance at the Time and Place to be appointed for the assembling or exercising of the Regiment in which such Volunteers shall be enrolled; which Sum of two Guineas the said Colonels or Officers are hereby authorized to advance and pay to such Volunteers in Manner aforesaid.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for any Colonel, or other Commanding Officer or Officers of act, Regiment of Militia, or to or for any other Person or Persons whatsoever, on his or their Behalf, to advance or give, or to engage to advance or give, any greater or larger Sum of Money than the said Sum of two Guineas, or to give, or promise or undertake to give, any other Largess, Bounty, or .Reward, than the said Sum of two Guineas, for the Purpose of inducing any Man to enrol himself as a Volunteer.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said several Colonels, or other Commanding Officer or Officers, shall keep, or cause to be kept, true and regular Entries of the Names, Additions, Places of Residence, Parish, and other Descriptions of the Persons they shall enrol as aforesaid, and the several S\ims they shall advance and pay to such Persons respectively, and shall transmit regular Copies of such Entries, certified by them respectively, as well as by the Adjutant and Paymaster or Clerk of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps respectively, to the Office of the Chief Secretary of the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Man so enrolled shall take and subscribe the following Oath In the Presence of some one Governor, Deputy Governor, Just ice of the Peace, or Magistrate lifting in and for the County, City, or Place to which the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps* in which he shall be enrolled, shall belong

T B. do sincerely promise and swear. That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty King George the Third, and that I will faithfully serve in the Milkia within that Part of the United Kingdom

called Ireland\ for the Defence of the same, during the Term of five Years for which I am enrolled, or for such further Time as the Militia shall remain embodied, if within the Space of five Years his Majesty shall order and direct the Militia to be drawn out and embodied, unless I shall be sooner discharged.

So help me GOD.*

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person so enrolled and sworn shall be deemed and taken to be a Militia Man, and shall be liable to be called out, and to serve as such, and shall be subject to the several Laws respecting the Militia of Ireland, to all Intent9 and Purposes whatsoever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Chief Secretary shall cause Copies of the Returns of the Men thus enrolled, and the Slims advanced to such Men respectively, to be transmitted to the several and respective Treasurers for the several Counties and Counties of Cities in Ireland, ten Days at least previous to the then next ensuing General Assizes. after such Expenditure 5 or if to the Treasurer of the County and City of Dublin, within fourteen Days previous to each presenting Term; and the said several Treasurers shall and they are hereby respectively required to lay the said Ret unis before the Judges of Assize, on the Commission Day of Assizes, or in the County and City of Dublin, before the Court of King's Bench, on the first Day of such Term, and before the respective Grand Juries for such Counties or Counties of Cities shall be sworn; and the said Judges, or the said Court, as the Case may be, shall, and they are hereby required to give the fame, except as herein after excepted, in Charge to the said Grand Juries, in order that the Sums thus expended may be presented and raised off the said Counties or Counties of Cities; which said Preferments the said respective Grand Juries are hereby respectively authorized and required to make, unless the Account of the Sum thus to be raised shall appear to the said respectire Grand Juries too large to be raised at one Affixes writhin the respective Counties or Counties of Cities; in which Case it shall and may be lawful for the said several Grand Juries, by and with the Concurrence of the Judges at the said Assizes, or the said Court, to present any Part of such Sum, not less than one Moiety thereof, at such Assizes or Terms; and the Residue shall in like Manner be given in Charge, and presented by the Grand Jury of such County or County of a City, or Grand Juries of such respective Counties or Counties of Cities, as the Case may be, at the then next ensuing Assizes; and in case the Grand Jury of any County or County of a City shall, after the Judges of the Court shall have given the same in Charge to them, omit, neglect, or refuse to present the fame, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Judges of Assize, or the Court, to order and direct the Treasurer of such County or County of a City to include the whole of such Sum, and return the same among the Presentments of the County, so that the same shall be raised and levied forthwith; and it shall not be lawful to traverse any such Presentment.

7 VIII. ' And

A.D. 1802.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 2 — 5* 659

VIII. ' And whereas it is just and equitable that no Charge shall be made on any County or Place for the

Purpose of providing a Substitute or Militia Man, in the Place of any Man wh* has been discharged, and

whole Time of Service for which he was legally bound to serve would not be expired previous to the enrolling

of any Man under this Act be it therefore enacted, That in all such Cases no Money shall be presented or raised for providing any Man or Men in the Room of such Person or Persons so as aforesaid discharged.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several Treasurers of the respective Counties and Counties of Cities as aforesaid, shall collect and receive the said several Sums, and pay the same to the Collector of his Majesty's Revenue for such County or County of a City, or in case any County shall he divided into two or more Dif-trifts, with two or more Collectors, then to the Collector of that Part of such County in which the County Towui is situate; and every such Collector shall and he is hereby required to give a Receipt for all Sums of Money that shall be so paid to him as aforesaid; and such Receipt shall be lodged among the Records of such County, and shall be a Discharge and Acquittance to such County for all such Meu as shall be so raised for the Time for which they shall be enrolled to serve as aforesaid; unlqfs Vacancies shall occur by Death or Deftrtion, in which Case it shall and may be lawful for the said several Colonels or other Commanding Officers to procure and enrol, from Time to Time, Volunteers to fill any Vacancies that may happen by such Death or Desertion, and pay to such Volunteer a Sum not exceeding two Guineas for each Man, out of the Stock Purse of the said Regiment; and the several Grand Juries, at the respective ensuing Assizes shall, on the Certificate of such Colonel or other Commanding Officer, flating the Death or Desertion of such Man or Men, in like Manner present the said Sum or Sums of Money to reiinburse the said Colonel or other Commanding Officer.

X. And be it further enacted, That any such Volunteer enrolled for the Purpose of supplying Vacancies as aforesaid, shall respectively take and subscribe the Oath herein-before directed to be taken by Volunteers to be enrolled by virtue of this Act, and in Manner herein-before expressed; and every such Volunteer, after having taken and subscribed such Oath as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be a Militia Man, and shall be liable to be called out and to serve as such, and shall be subject to the several Laws respecting the Militia of Ireland, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Colonel or other Commanding Officer of any County or County of a City in Ireland shall make any untrue Return to the Office of the Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or to the Grand Jury of the County to which his Regiment belongs, every such Colonel or other Commanding Officer shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds Irish Currency, for every such Offence, to be recovered by any Person who shall sue for the fame, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §12."

CAP. III.

An Act for continuing* and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thiee.

[17th December 1802.]

CAP. IV.

An Act for continuing* and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and PersonaL Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

[4l. in the [17th December 1802.]

4t Commissioners of the Land Tax appointed by 37 Geo. 3. c. 35 & 38 Geo. 3. c. 26; and 39 & 40 Geo. 3. " c. 31, shall put this Act in Execution, being qualified as under 38 Geo. 3. c. 5." [unless before the Day here-in-after appointed for the first Meeting of the Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution, some Act or Acts of Parliament shall be made and passed, for naming and appointing Special Commissioners for putting into Execution this present Act, in which Case no Person or Persons shall be empowered, by virtue of any Nomination or Appointment by any former Act, or by this Act of Parliament, to act as a Commissioner for putting this present Act in Execution,] {4.

In what Cases Money shall not be raised.

Treasurer shall

collect the Money, and pay it to Collector of Reteiuie of the County, whose Receipt shall U* an Acquittancefor the Men for the Time emolled'; but Vacancici by Death, ftc. may be filled up by the CoJundi, &c.

Men supplying such Vacancies shall take the Oath, &c.

Colonels, &c. making untni# Return*, shall forfeit S00L filth.

[To 14th Jam 1804.]

[To 25M March 4804.]

CAP. V.

An Act for raising the Sum of five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted By Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

[17th December 1802.]

Treasury empowered to raise 5, 000, 000l. by Loans or Exchequer Bills in like Manner as is prescribed by the«Malt Act of this Session, c. 3. concerning.Loans, [which said Exchequer Bills shall be payable at

any Time, out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies which have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and three, on fourteen Days Notice being given by publick Advertisement in the Gazette, and in three or more of the London Newspapers, of the Day ot Payment there-of: ] " and signed by the Auditor, §1"

4 P 2 II. Provided

66o

Fnt not to issue

F.srlie^uer Kill* on the Credit of -mus. 3c 4 of thii Session, othei'A Ife than ^utKjn/ed by lliofc Actsf nor vn Aidi oi next

Wru

jn G. 3. c. 26. ucited.

From Jan. l,

1803, Navy,

Vi&tiaJIing, and Transport Hills, ft a 11 carry au Interest of only 3d. per Cent. per Diem from their Date.

Ail not to extend to such Bills issued for present fub fitting Contrails.

Acts of the Parliament of Ireland for better Regulation of the Baking Trade in Dublin* viz*

C. 5 — 8. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 180s.

II. Provided always and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or-be condoled to extend, to authorize the said Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to issue any Exchequer Bills on the Credit of any Duties or Taxes granted by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty, certain Duties iifon Malty RIum % Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and three; or by another Act, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting tq his Majesty, a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Perjlmll RJlates in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and three, in any other Manner than they are authorized by the said Acts, or to issue any Exchequer Bills on the Credit of any Aids or Supplies which may be granted in the next ScfQon of Parliament'.

" Interest on such Exchequer Bitfs 3d. per Cent, per Diem: If not paid out of Supplies for 1803, they shall be 4< receivable in Payment of Taxes, &c. in four Months after their Date respectively, §3. Not to be, received " in Payment of any Taxes, £sV. till payable, §4. Clauses, £sV. in Malt Act relating to Exchequer Bills (except as herein mentioned) extended to this Act, §5. Bank authorized to advance a, oooo, ooooA on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding Act 5^6 GuL Mar. c. ao. or any subsequent Act, §6."

CAP. VI.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualification* within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes, until the twenty* fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and three; to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and three, to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and three.*[17th December 1802.]

CAP. VII.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-fkventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act Jo provide for the more speedy Payment of all Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills that shall he issued in future.

[29th December 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the thirty seventh Year f the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 'An Act to provide for the more speedy Payment of all Navy, Vtdualling, and Transport Bills that/ball he issued in future 5 it is amongst other Things enacted, that every such Bill should carry an Interest after the Kate of three Pence Halfpenny per Centum t*r Diem from the Date of the same : And whereas it is-expedient that such Interest should be lowered as to Navy, Victualling, and Transport BilL issued after a certain Period : May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, every Bill issued by or under the Authority of the Comteifliofters of tho Navy, Victualling, and Transport Offices respectively, bearing Date after the Dud heft.Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, shall carry an Interest after the Rate of three; Pcnceftsr Centum per Ifiem and 40 more, .which shall commence from the Date of the same, and shall be paid at the Time when Uich Bill shall becomcpayable; any Thing in the said Act, or any former Law or Usage to the-contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Navy, Victualling, or Transport Bill, issued by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners respectively, in Payment, or part Payment, or in pursuance or performance of any Uontraft sub-sifting and in force at the Time of the passing of this Act; but that as to all such Contrafts, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners respectively to issue Bills bearing an Interest of three Pence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem, as if this Act had not been made.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for reviving and continuing for five Years from the pa fling thereof, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, certain Acts, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for regulating the Baking Trade in the City and County of Dublin \ and for indemnifying all Persons who have acted in pursuance of any of the Provisions of the said Acts, or any of them.

[29th December 1802.]

WHEREAS the several Acts of the Parliament of Ireland for the better Regulation of the Baking Trade in the City of Dublin, although found to be of great Ufa, have been funered to expire, and it is expedient that the same should be revived and continued Mav it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the

661

A.D. 1802. 43° GEORGII III. C. 8 — n.

the fame, That the following Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland, that is to say, an Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the letter Regulation of the Baking Trade in the City of Dubfin; and the Acts of the first and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second therein mentioned, except as thereby altered; and also one other Act, made in tht seventeenth and eighteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and continue an Act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of his present Majesty, intituled, 'An Act for the better Regulation €'of the Baking Trade in the City of Dublin/ and for other Purposes; and the Act of the fifteenth and sixteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty therein mentioned, except as thereby amended; and also one other Act, made in the nineteenth and twentieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and continue an Act passed in the seventeenth and eighteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act to amend and continue an Act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of his present Majesty, intituled, 11 An Act for the better Regulation of the Baking Trade in the City of Dublin, " and for other Purposes / and also one other Act, made in the twenty-first and twentyrsecond Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, Ah AH for amending, altering, and continuing an Act, intituled, An Act for regulating the Price and AJJivce of 4Bread, and preventing Frauds and Impoftions in the Sale of Flour, and other Articles sold by Weight or Measure in

the County of Dublin / and also one other Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Persons carrying on the Baking Trade in the City of Dublin; and also one other Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Baking Trade, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things in the said several Acts contained, except such Clauses of any of the said Acts as are varied, altered, or repealed by any Clause or Clauses in any other or others of the said Acts, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be revived, and shall be iu full Force and Effect for and during the Term herein after mentioned.

PersonB who ma.y have acted under the recited Acts, indemnified. — General Issue. — Double Costs, ^2.- Aft may be altered or repealed this Session, §3. Continuance of Act five Years, and to end of then next " Session, §4."

CAP. IX.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pap of the Militia of Ireland, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three; and for holding Courts Martial on - Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied, relative to the Pay of Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers.

.[29th December 1802.]

" Recital of 42 Geo. 3. r. n8. ?tl which the Rates of is. id. for each Serjeant — 8d. for each Drummer — and " 8d. for each Corporal, were inserted by Miilake, instead of is. 6d. is. and is. 2d. as in the Estimate laid before and approved by the House of Commons. The issuing Money by the Irish Treasury for the Pay of u the Serjeants, Drummers, and Corporals, at the said last mentioned Rates, and the Application of Sums at those Rates declared valid."

CAP. X.

An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia, as relates to the Exemption of licensed 'teachers of any separate Congregation from serving in the Militia.

[29th December 1802.]

4 TTTHERfeAS an Act passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia: And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Exemption under the said Act office n fed Teachers of separate Congre-

gations from fenring in the Militia: And whereas it is expedient that such Doubts Should be removed / be it therefore enacted by the Kiin/s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no licensed Teacher of any separate Congregation, wild shall have been lioenfed twelve Months at* the leaf! previous to the yearly General Meeting appointed by the said recited Act to be held in October, shall be liable to serve personally, or provide a Substitute to ierve in the said Militia; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

; ..... CAT. xi:

An Act for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof, until the fifteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four. I29th December 1802.]

*4 Recital of 41 Geo. 3. (U.K.^ c. 44. continued and amended by 42 Geo. 3'. c. 47. and of 42 Geo. 3. c. 59. grant-« ing additional Bounties. !rom Jan. 5, 1803, the present Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation from Great Britain of the Sorts of Sugar mentioned in said Acts, shall he difeoaiinued, and in lieu thereof, those in the annexed Schedule allowed, § - k If, by Notice in the London Gazette, it shall appear that the Average ' 44 Prices of Brown or Mtfcmsado Sugar, for the preceding Quarter of a Year, did not, on Jan* 5, May 5, and 44 £4*4* 51 J&>3> respectively, exceed rjos.per Cwt. Drawback or Bounty thereon shall be allowed according to

*the

13 kt 14 G. 3#

c. 47.

[and 1 G. z. c. 16; 29 G. t$ c. 11. therein mentioned.]

17 & 18 G. j# c. 17.

[and 15 A* 16 G. 3, c.zz.

therein

mentioned.]

19 k to G. 3. c. 21.

zi Sc 22 G. 3. c. 29-'

33 G. 3. c. 14. 35 G. 3. c. 41.

revived and' continued.

G. 3. c. 90* recited.

Dissenting Teachers exempted front Service in the Militia

662

On Exportation of Refined Sugar in any other than a British Ship, a lei's Bounty shall be paid.

Avenge Prices of Mufeovado Sugar shall be ascertained as under 31 G. 3. c. 43. except being taken at the Days directed by this/idt.

h

C.n, 12. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1802.

" the annexed Schedule, until another Price shall be noticed on the Saturday preceding any other of the said " Days; and the Duty granted by 41 Geo. 3. (U.K.) c. 28. on Sugar imported by tke East India Company, €t and sold at their Sales, after June 30, 1801, shall, on Exportation, be drawn back, while Drawbacks are " allowed on British Plantation Sugar, f 2d*

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That on the Exportation from this Kingdom of any Refined Sugar in any other than a British Ship or Vessel, owned, navigated, and registered, according to Law, there shall be paid and allowed one Shilling and six Pence left Bounty for each and every Hundred Weight of Sugar in Loaf, complete and whole, or Lump duly refined, so exported; one Shilling less Bounty for every Hundred Weight of Refined Sugar called Bajlartls> or Refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pieces; and one Shilling less Bounty for every Hundred Weight of Sugar exported in the same State in which it was imported, or Refined Sugar, being ground or powdered Sugar, than if the same respectively had been exported in a Britifa Ship or Vessel so owned, navigated, and registered; any Law, Cuilom, or Usage to the contrary not with (landing.

" Drawback and Bounty shall be allowed on Sugars shipped, &c. for Exportation after Jan. 5, 1803, f 4."

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Average Prices of Brown or Mufeovado Sugar, according to which the Drawback or Bounty in the Schedule to this Act annexed shall be paid or allowed, shall be ascertained and taken in the Manner prescribed and directed by the said Act, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in all Respects, except that such Price shall be computed and taken at the several Days by this Act directed, according to the Average Price of such Sugar during the Whole of the four Months immediately preceding such Day respectively, inllead of the six Weeks as directed by the said recited Act; and such Average Price so ascertained and computed shall be deemed and taken to be the Price of Brown or Mufeovado Sugar for the Purpose of paying or allowing the Drawback or Bounty on Sugar, according to the Schedule annexed to this Act, and shall Co continue during the Whole of the succeeding four Months*

" Continuance of Act, 5-ijth Jan. 1804. Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §6."

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

TABLE of DRAWBACKS and BOUNTIES to be allowed and paid under the Provisions of this Act.

Prices of Brown or Mufeovado Sugar, at which Drawbacks and Bounties are payable.

If the Average Price of Brown or Mufeovado Sugar, published in the London Gazette, shall not exceed 3$/. the C.wt. If it shall exceed 35l. and not exceed 40l.

If it shall exceed 40s. and not exceed 45l.

If it shall exceed 45l. and not exceed 58l.

If it shall exceed 58l. and not exceed 60l.

If it shall exceed 6or. and not exceed 621.

If it shall exceed 62s. and not exceed 64J.

If it shall exceed 64l. and not exceed 66s.

If it shall exceed 66s. and not exceed 68l.

If it shall exceed 68l. and not exceed 70l.

If it shall exceed 70l.

All the above Prices are to be taken, exclusive of the Dut

of Sug;

drawback 10 be allowed on Sugar of the British Plantations in the same State in which it was imported, and Bounty on Refined Sugar, being ground or powdered Sugar. Bounty on Refined Sugar called Bastards, or Refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pieces. Bounty on other Refined Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly refined.

/. S.

22 the Cwt 2 c the Cwt. 40 the Cwt.

21 2S 38

205 36

20 20 34

18 18 31

16 167

*4 H 24

12 12 20

10 10 17

8 8 13

Nothing Nothing Nothing

ies of Customs paid or payable on the Importation

CAP. XII.

An Act to continue, until the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, several Laws relating to the prohibiting the Exportation and permitting the Importation of Com, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty; to the Relief of Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom; and to the regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from the Isle of Malta.

[29th December 1802.]

" 39 Geo. 3. c. 87. as to Exportation and Importation of Corn, and Importation of Provisions, (amended and M continued by 39 c5* 40 Geo. 3. cc. 9. 58. 41 Geo. 3. (G. B.) c. 5. 42 Geo. 3. c. 13.) further continued till u Jan. 1, 1804, §1. 33 Geo. 3. c. 34, as to Prize Goods (continued by 42 Geo. 3. c. 10.) further continued

" until Jan. i, 1804, §2. 41 Geo. 3. c. 103, as to the Trade to Malta, further continued to Jan. 1, 1804,

" $ 34 Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §4."

A.D. 1802.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 13, 14*

663

CAP. XIII.

An Act to continue, until the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, so much of an Act, made in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and for permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn* Fifl), and Provisions, without Payment of Duty.

[29th December 1802.]

9t 41 Geo. 3. (U.K.) c. 36. recited, and so much thereof as was continued by 42 Geo. 3. c. 13. $ 3. further u continued till Jan. 1, 1804, §1. Act may be altered or repealtd this Session, §2d9

Seed Corn of BriiiQi Growth may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland in Brhiihorliifti Ships, whatever raav be the

at which Corn it now allowed Uv be exported to Ireland*

CAP. XIV.

An Act for continuing, until die first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, an Act made in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulate ing, until the fifteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and three, the Prices at which Grainy Mealy and Flour may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and for permitting, from and after the parting thereof, until the said first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland.

[29th December 1802.]

i 42 Geo. 3. r. 35, further continued for the Term of this Act, § id9

II. And whereas it is expedient to permit the carrying of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Irelaml during the Continuance of this Act, whatever the Price of Com may be; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, to carry and export out of and from any Port or Place in Great Britain, in any British or Irish Ship or Vessel owned and navigated according to Law, any Seed Cora of British Growth to any Port or Place in Ireland, whatever the Average Price of Com may be at the Time of such Exportation; any Thing in this Act, or in any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force in Great Britain or Ireland, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Average Price of Com,

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case such Com shall, at the Time of such Ex- Regulations for portation, be at a higher Price than that at which such Corn is now by Law allowed to be exported to Ireland, ^wheiMhc the Exporter of such Corn from Great Britain shall, before the Shipping thereof, declare upon Oath (or Af- Average Price firmation, being one of the People called Quakers), before the Collector, Comptroller, 01* other Chief Officer of Corn Quill* of the Customs at the Port from whence the Exportation is about to take Place, (which Oath or Affirmation higher than that the said Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer is hereby empowered to administer, )- that all such Com is Seed Corn, and is intended for the Purpose of being used as Seed Corn, and for no other Purpose whatever, and that such Com is intended to be exported to Ireland, specifying therein the Port to which the same is intended to be exported; and such Exporter shall, together with the Mailer or Person having the Charcre or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which such Seed Corn is intended to be exported, become bound in a Bond* with one other sufficient Surety, to remain in Force for twelve Months, in Treble the Value of such Seed Corn, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with Condition that he will carry the same to such Port or Place in the Kingdom of Ireland, and that the said Com shall be used as Seed Corn, and for no other Purpose whatever, such Bond to be taken by the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at the Port of Exportation; and in case such Corn shall be carried or exported to any other Place or Places than to the Port or Place in Ireland mentioned in the said Bond, or in case the said Corn shall be used for any other Purpose than as Seed Corn, the said Bond shall be forfeited, and the Person so using such Com shall forfeit Treble the Value thereof; and such Bond shall and may be discharged within the said twelve Months, upon the Production to the Collector, Comptroller, or Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port of Exportation, of a Declaration on Oath or Affirmation of some two or more credible Persons made before the said Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port in Ireland, where the same shall have been landed,

(which Oath or Affirmation the said Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs 19 hereby. How Bond Hull empowered to administer), or before some one Justice of Peace, that such Com has been actually used for Seed* ^discharged. and for no other Purpose whatever: Provided always, that in case it shall happen that any Seed Corn so shipped,

and entered for Exportation to Ireland shall be lost or destroyed, or shall have become spoiled, rotten, unfound* or unfit to be used as Seed Corn, or shall not have been actually used for the Purpose of Seed Corn, it shall and may be lawful for the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port of Exportation, to discharge the Bond so given as aforesaid for so much of the said Com as shall be so lost or destroyed, or which being so spoiled, rotten, unfound, and unlit for Seed, or not having been used for the Purpose of Seed Corn, shall be re-landed at the said Port of Exportation, or any other Port or Place in Great Britain, on Proof made on Oath or Affirmation, to the Satisfaction of such Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, that such Com was actually so loll, or spoiled, or re-landed without any Fraud or Collusion whatsoever; but such Bond shall be and remain in full Force and Effect as to all the said Seed Corn to which the same shall relate, which shall not be so proved to have been actually loft, destroyed, or spoiled, or become rotten* unfound, and unfit for Seed, or re-landed as aforesaid.

IV. 1 And whereas it is expedient that all Malt that shall have been or that may hereafter be imported into Great Britain from Ireland\ under any Proclamation heretofore or that may hereafter be issued by his Majesty*

for

Penalty if such Com be carried to any other Place than mentioned in the Bond, or not used for Seed Corn.

Mah imported into Great BrW tain from Ir*»

664 C. 14 — 16.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1802.

land, under any

Proclamation of his Majesty, shall pay certain Countervailing Dunes, which shall indemnify the Importers,

*His Majesty may, by his Sign Manual, give a Property in the Service of Offenders transported in Ships belonging to his Majesty, without Security hewing given for their Transportation.

*4 G. 3. c. j«.

'Commissioners named for enquiring into Abuses in Several Naval Departments, and in Prize Agency; any three to act.

for allowing the Importation of any Provisions Duty free, should be subject to the Payment of a countervailing Duty equal to the Duties payable in Great Britain, on Malt made in Great Britain, notwithstanding any Thing contained in any such Proclamation to the contrary; be it therefore enacted, That all Malt which shall have been imported into Great Britain from Ireland, under any Proclamation issued under the Authority of an Act of the last Session of Parliament by his Majesty, for allowing the Importation of Provisions Duty free, or which shall be imported into Great Britain from Ireland under any such Proclamation, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of the respective Duties following; that is to say, a Duty of two Shillings and four Pence a Bushel upon every such Undid of Malt which shall have been or shall be so imported into any Port of England, and a Duty of one Shilling and eight Pence Halfpenny a Bushel upon every such Bushel of Malt which shall have been or shall be so imported into any Port in Scotland, any Thing contained in any such Proclamation to the contrary notwithstanding; and no Malt so imported, on which Duties shall be duly paid, shall be deemed to be forfeited or be liable to Forfeiture; and the Importer or Importers of any such Malt shall, on Payment of such Duties as aforesaid, be indemnified against any Fine or Penalty in respect thereof; any Thing in any Act vor Acts, or Law or Laws, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

- Such Duties shall be managed as former Duties of Customs, §5. Duties shall be carried to Brkish Confoti-M dated Fund, §6. Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §7. Continuance of Act, July 5, 1803, §8."

CAP. XV.

An Act to facilitate, and render more easy, the Transportation of Offenders.

[29th December 1802.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made for transferring the Services of Offenders transported in his Majesty's Ships or Vessels, in Cases where no Contract is entered into, or Security given in respect of such Transportation, and that his Majesty should therefore be empowered to nominate and appoint Persons to have a Property in the Service of such Offenders: ' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever his Majesty shall be pleased to give Orders for the Transportation in any Ships or Vessels belonging to his Majesty of any Offender or Offenders who already have, or hereafter may be sentenced to be transported to any Place or Places within his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by any Order under his Royal Sign Manual, to give, if he shall think (it, to any Person or Persons nominated and appointed for that Purpose in such Order, a Property in the Service of any such Offender or Offenders, for such Term or Terms of Life or Years, or any Part thereof respectively, for which such Offender or Offenders was or were ordered to be transported, as to his Majesty shall seem fit; and on such Nomination and Appointment, such Offender or Offenders may be delivered to the Person or Persons so nominated and appointed, without any Security being required or given for the Transportation of such Offender or Offenders; and every Person so nominated and appointed, and his or their Assign3, shall have the like Property in the Service of such Offender or Offenders, as if such Person or Persons had contracted and given Security to transport such Offender or Offenders, in the Manner required by the Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the effectual Transportation of Felons and other Offenders, and to authorise the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; or any other Xavr now in force; any Thing in the said Act, or any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XVI.

An Act: for appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities, Frauds, or Abuses, which are or have been practised by Persons employed in the several Naval Departments therein mentioned, and in the Business of Prize Agency; and to report such Observations as shall occur to them, for preventing such Irregularities, Frauds, and Abuses, and for the better con-vdufting and managing the Business of the said Departments, and of Prize Agency, in future.

[29th December 1802.]

WHEREAS it is highly expedient for the publick Service that an Enquiry should be made, by ComVV missioners specially appointed for that Purpose, into any Irregularities, Frauds, or Abuses, which are or have been practised by Persons employed in the several Naval Departments herein-«ifter mentioned, and in

the Business of Prize Agency be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Sir Charles Morice Pole Baronet, Hugh Leycester Esquire, Ewan Law Esquire, John Ford Esquire, and Henry Nichols Esquire, shall be and they are hereby constituted Commissioners for making the Inquiries intended by this Act; and that they the said Commissioners, or any three of them, shall and they are hereby required to examine into and investigate all such corrupt and fraudulent Practices, Irregularities, Frauds, and Abuses, or other Misconduct, as may be found to have existed or to exist in any of the several Offices or Departments herein after mentioned, or to have been practised or committed by any Person or Persons that now are or have been concerned in managing, conducting, cr transacting the Business thereof respectively, or employed in any Manner therein, either at Home or Abroad; that is to say, The Office of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the several Offices and Departments of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, the Commissioners for Victualling his Majesty's Navy, the Commissioners for taking Care of lick and wounded Seamen and Tick Prisoners of War, the Commissioners

A.D. 1802.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 16. 665

for Transports and Prisoners of War, the Commissioners for the Receipt of Sixpence a Month paid by all Seamen in the Merchants* Service for the Use of Greenwich Hospitals the Office for the Receipt and Management of the Monies paid on account of the Chest at Chatham, his Majesty's several Dock Yards and Naval Yards in the Counties of Kent, Hants, and Devon respectively, or elsewhere within his Majesty's Dominions, and the Office of Inspector General of Naval Works, the Royal Hospitals and Naval Hospitals for Seamen at Hajlar and East Stonehouse or elsewhere within his Majesty's Dominions, and the late Prisons for Prisoners of War, Prison Ships, Prison Hospitals, and Prison-Ship Hospitals in the said Counties of Kent, Hants, and Devon respectively, ortlfewhere within his Majesty's Dominions; or in the Business of Prize Agency; and the said Commissioners shall, from Time to Time, report and certify their Proceedings, in Writing, under the Hands and Seals of them, or any three of them, to the King's most Excellent Majesty, and to both Houses of Parliament, upon each Office and Department, and upon the Business of Prize Agency respectively, specifying the Nature of such Malpractices, Irregularities, Frauds, or Abuses, as they may have discovered or investigated; adding, at the same Time, such Observations as shall occur to them, and such Plans either for correcting and improving, or for abolishing or regulating, any of the said Departments or Offices, or for regulating the business of Prize Agency, as may appear to them to be proper to be adopted for the Time to come.

II. And it be further enabled, That, for the better Execution of this present Act, the Commissioners herein-before named, or any three of them, are hereby authorized to meet and lit, from Time to Time, in such Place or Places within the Cities of London and WeJiminJ}ery or elsewhere within the United Kingdom, as they shall find most convenient, with or without Adjournment; and to fend their Precept or Precepts, under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any three of them, for any Person or Persons whomsoever, and for such Books, Papers, Writings, or Records, relating to any of the Offices or Departments herein-before mentioned, or to any Contracts, Dealings, or Transactions, which may have taken place with the said Offices or Departments, or to the Business of Prize Agency, as shall be necessary for carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act; all which Persons are hereby required and directed punctually to attend the said Commissioners at such Time and Times, Place and Places, as shall be by them appointed; and suchj Persons as shall so be sent for, shall have such Costs and Charges as the said Commissioners, or any three of them, shall think fit.

III. And, for the rendering more effectual all such Examinations as are intended to be had under this Act, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, to examine upon Oath, or Affirmation of Persons being Quakers, (which Oath or Affirmation they, or any three of them, are hereby authorized to administer, ) all Penons whom they shall find Occasion to call before them to be examined touching all Matters and Things necessary for the Execution of the Powers vested in them by this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, summoned to appear before the said Commissioners or any three of them, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to appeal* before the said Commissioners, or any three of them, or to bring or produce any Accounts, Books, Papers, Writings, or Records, relating to any of the said Offices or Departments, or to any Contracts, Dealings, or Transactions with the said Offices or Departments, or any of them, or to the Business of Prize Agency, that shall be in his, her, or their Possession, Custody, or Power, and which lie, file, or they shall have been required by such Summons to produce, or shall refuse to be sworn, or being Quakers shall refuse to affirm, or being sworn, or being Quakers having affirmed, shall refuse to answer to and before the said Commissioners, or any three of them, any Question, on Oath or Affirmation, touching or concerning any Matter or Thing relating to the several Offices or Departments above-mentioned, or any Contradls, Dealings, or Transactions with them, or any of them, or to the Business of Prize Agency, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to make and issue their Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any three of them, for taking and apprehending any such Person or Persons, and committing him, her, or them, to such Prison as the said Commissioners, or any three of them, shall think fit, there to remain without Bail or Mainpriee until he, she, or they, shall submit to be examined, touching and concerning all Matters and Things necessary for the Execution of the Powers given by this Act, or to make such Production as aforesaid, as the Case may be.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be compellable to answer any Question, or to produce any Account, Book, Paper, or Writing, the Answer to which or the Production of which may criminate or tend to criminate such Person, or to expose such Person to any Pains or Penalties.

VI. And be it further enacted, that the said Commissioners named in this Act, before they enter upon the Execution of the same, shall take an Oath before the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or before the Mailer of the Rolls for the Time being (which Oath they and each of them are and is hereby authorized and required to administer), the tenor whereof shall be as followeth; (that is to say)

I A.B. do swear, That according to the bell of my Skill and Knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly execute the several Powers and Trusts vested in me by an Act, intituled, An Act for \h: re insert the

Title of the A3-\ according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Act.*

VII. And be it further enacted, That in calc any Person or Persons upon Examination upon Oath, or being Quakers, upon Affirmation, before the said Commissioners, or any three of them respectively as before mentioned, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties, as by any Law row in Force Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

VIII. And be it further enacted, Hint in case of a Vacancy or Vacancies by Death or Resignation of any one or more of the said Commissioners, during the Continuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons, not being a Member or Members of the House of

43 Geo. III. 4 Q_ Commons,

Commissionevf shall certify their Proceedings to the King and both Houses of Parliament, with Plans for future Correction and improvement.

Commissioners shall meet where most convenient and fend Precept! for Person*, Book*, &c.

How Person* sent for shall have their Cost*,

Commissionen shall examine upon Oath.

uTunifTtonert may issue War rants for appro bending and committing t# Prison Persons neglecting to attend or to produce Account!, etr. or refusing t# be sworn, or t answeci (^uef-lions.

But no Pe ff»n shall be compellable to criminate him lei f-

Orith of C'JiW-milUoner*.

reiLns giving false Evidence (h.ill he subj« X lo the Penalties Or Corrupt Perjury.

Vacancies of Conmiffiomr* may he h!led up by In* Majesty.

666

C. 16 — 18.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

Commissioners aiay appoint and fwev Clerks, &c. who shall ifceive only such Reward as the Comnofiion-«n shall direct.

Treasury may issue 2, coo I. out of the Consolidated Fund, for Fay men ot' Clerks, UC.

Continuanct of

a a.

Average Prices of Muscovado Sugar shall l>« ufceriained under 41 Geo. 3. c. 74, except as hereby altered. All Averages inserted in the London Gazette stall be infened in Dublin Gazette.

Common*, as he may think proper to supply such Vacancy or Vacancies; and that every Person so norm* nated and appointed, having taken the Oath of Office above mentioned, shall be held and considered to be invested with sill the same Powers as are delegated to the Commissioners appointed by this Act in whose Room, such Person is so nominated.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall be, and they, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorized to appoint and employ such Clerks, Messengers, and Officers, as they shall think meet, and to give to every of the said Clerks and Officers an Oath for his true and faithful Demeanour in all Things relating to the due Performance of the Trust reposed in him by the said Commissioners, and in all other Things touching the Premises 5 which Clerks and Officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the said Trust in them severally and respectively .reposed, without taking any Thing for such their Service other than such Salary or Reward aB the said Commissioners, or any three of them, shall think fit to direct and appoint in that Behalf; and the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Tivafurer for the Time being, are hereby authorized and required to ifliic and cause to be paid any Sums of money not exceeding two thousand Pounds, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any three of them, shall by Writing under their Elands desire or direct, out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain; which Sums so issued and paid shall be employed fof the Payment of Clerks, Messengers, and other Officers, and in defraying all other necessary Charges in or about the Execution of the Powers of this Act, and in such Manner and in such Proportions as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any three of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals in that Behalf 5 the same to be accounted for by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be issued or paid according to the Course of his Majesty's Exchequer, without any Fees or other Charges to be taken or demanded for the issuing and Payment of the same, on the pa(sing*of the said Accounts, other than such Sum as the said Commissioners, or any three of them, shall appoint.

Limitation of Actions against Commissioners, &c. six Months. General Issue. Treble Costs. §10. Act u may be altered or repealed this Session, §11. Publick Act, §12 "

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in Force for the Space of two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, in so far as the same shall not be altered, varied, dr repealed, by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XVII.

An Act: for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for allowing, until the fifteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four; other Drawbacks and Bounties instead thereof.

[29th December 1802.]

Recital of 41 <7. (U.K.). c. 74. 42 G. 3. r.60. From January 5, 1803, the present Drawbacks and

Botintics on the Exportation from Ireland of the Sorts of Sugar mentioned in the said Acts, difeonti- nued, and in Hcu thereof, ihofe in the annexed Schedule shall be allowed, §1. When it appears by the Dublin Gazette, that the Average Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar for the preceding Quarter, as pub- 44 lished in the London Gazette, shall not have exceeded 70 x. Sterling per Cwt. Drawback or Bounty shall be allowed according to annexed Schedule, until Notice of other Prices shall be published, See. $ 2. On Ex* 44 portation of refined Sugar in any other than a British or Irish Vessel, a less Bounty shall be paid, §3. (as 44 under §3. of cap. 11.) Drawback shall be allowed on Sugar shipped, &c. for Exportation after January 44 5, 1803,$ 4.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Average Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, according to which, the Drawback or Bounty in the Schedule to this Act annexed shall be paid or allowed* shall be ascertained and taken in the Manner prescribed and directed by the said recited Act, passed in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in all Respects, except only so far as the same is altered by this present Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, that the Average Prices of such Sugar, as the same shall hereafter be ascertained by Law in Great Britain, and inserted in the London Gazette at any Periods whatever, shall be from Time to Time inserted in the Dublin Gazette in the same Manner as the Average Prices heretofore inserted in the London Gazette, are by the said recited Act of the forty-first Year directed to be from Time to Time iu? ferted in the Dublin Gazette.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §7. This Act, and 41 G. 3. c. 74. and 42 G. 3. c. 60. except as altered, continued to 5 — 15 January 1804, §8."

[77* Schedule is the same as that to Cap. 11, only expressing the Money to be Sterling.]

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to amend and continue, until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Restrictions contained in several Acts of the thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, on Payment of Caftl by the Bank of England.

[28th February 1803.]

H Recital of 37 G. 3. c. 45. continued and amended by 37 G. 3. c. 91. and 38 G. 3. c. 1. [and last continued 41 by 42 G. 3. c. 40.} Recited Acts of 37 G. 3. as amended by 38 G. 3. c. 1. further continued, §1."

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 18-20.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case of any Application to any of His Majesty's Court9 in Westminster Hall, by any Person who has been or shall be held to Special Bail, under or by virtue of any Process out of such Court, to be discharged upon Common Bail, by reaton of any Defect in such Pai*t of the Affidavit on which he is so held to Bail, as negatives or is intended to negative any Offer having been made to pay the Sum in such Affidavit mentioned in Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, the Person or Persons making such Application so to be discharged, shall not be entitled to such Discharge, unless he, she, or they shall at the same Time make Proof, by Affidavit, that the whole Sum of Money for Which he, she, or they has or have been so held to Bail had been or was, before such holding to Bail, offered to be paid, either wholly in such Notes, or partly in such Notes and partly in lawful Money of this Kingdom; ny Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

14 Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §3."

CAP. XIX.

An Act to authorize the training and exercising the Militia of Great Britain for twenty-eight Days.

[24th March 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws

relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia; and by another Act passed in the

the same Session, intituled, An Act to ra'tfe and establish a Militia Force in Scotland, it is enacted, that the

Militia to be raised under the said respective Acts should be called out once in every Year for the Purpose % of being trained and exercised, for the Space of twenty-one Days: And whereas it will tend to the better

training of the said Militia if the Period of such Exercise was extended be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Militia shall, when so called out as aforesaid, be trained and exercised for the Space of twenty-eight Days; and aB the Ckurfes, Powers, Proxniions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishmentsr Matters, and Things in the said Act* respectively contained, with Relation to the calling out, training, and exercising the said Militia, shall apply and be extended to, and remain and continue in force, as to such Period of twenty-eight Days, in as full and ample a Manner in every Respect, as if such Period had been authorized and directed by the said recited Acts, in Bead of the said Period of twenty-one Days; any Thing in the said Acts, or either of theta, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XX.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[24th March 1803.]

" Number of Forces, 66, 574, §1. §2, 3.as §2, 3. of 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 11."

IV. And be it further enacted and declared, That in the Case of any non-commissioned Officer or Soldier tried and convicted of Desertion, whensoever the Court-martial, which shall pass Sentence upon such Trial, shall not think the Offence deserving of capital Punishment, such Court-martial may, instead of awarding a corporal Punishment, adjudge the Offender, if they shall think fit, to be transported as a Felon for Life, or for a certain Term of Years, according to the Degree of the Offence: And if such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, having been adjudged to be transported as a Felon, shall afterwards (without Leave from his Majesty, or from the Governor or Commanding Officer of the Place to which he shall have been transported) return into or be found at large without Leave as aforesaid, or other lawful Cause, within any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, before the Expiration of the Term limited by such Sentence, and shall be convicted thereof in the ordinary' Course of Law, every such Person shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of Felony, and he fhaD suffer Death as a Felon without benefit of Clergy.

V. Provided, and be it enacted, That iu all Cases wherein a capital Punishment shall have been awarded by a Court-martial, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into Execution, to order the Offender to be transported as a Felon for Life, or for a certain Term of Years, as to his Majesty shall seem meet; and if the Person so transported, in pursuance of such Order from his Majesty, shall afterwards (without Leave from his Majesty, or from the Governor or Commanding Officer of the Place to which he shall have been transported) return into or be found at large, without Leave as aforesaid, or other lawful Cause, within any Part of Great Britain or Irelandbefore the Expiration of the Term limited by such Order, and shall be duly convicted thereof, he shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty shall intend any such Sentence of a Court-martial to be carried into Execution, or shall be graciously pleased to extend his Mercy, upon Condition of Transportation, to any Offender liable to the Punishment of Death by the Sentence of a Court-martial, such Sentence, together with his Majesty*3 Pleasure upon the fame, shall be notified in Writing by the Judge Advocate General of his Majesty's Forces in Great Britain to any Justice of the King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Baron of the Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif, and thereupon such Justice or Baron shall make an Order for the Transportation of such Offender, upon the Terms and for the Time which shall be specified in such Notification, and shall also make such other Order or Orders, and do all such other Acts consequent upon the fame, as any such Justice or Baron is authorized to make or do by an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty's R» ign, intituled, An Act for the effectual Transportation of Felons and other Offenders,

to authorise the Removal of Prisoners in cert can Cases, and for other Purposes therein mentioned,

Qjt with

Persons applying to be discharged {Sec 37 Cteo. 3. c. 91.

8.) dial I prove a Tender in Notes, or Notes and Money.

41 Geo.

c. 90. $ 87.

91.

Militia shall \« called out and trained twenty -eight Days once a Year, instead of twenty-one under recited A at.

Deserter may he adjudged to he transportedas a Felon;

and-returmnf,

See. before Ea-ni ration of hit Term, shall suffer Death.

His Majesty, where Courts-martial award a capital Punishment, may order Offender* to be transported, Sec.

In either of such Cases the Sentence, with his Majesty's Plea-sure, shall be notified by Judge Advocate General to any Justice el K. B. Scc. who shall make an Order for Transportation, as under 24 Geo. 3. c. 56, Sec.

668

Such Uoiifica-tion and Older of Trunfpor ration shall be filed in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown, Sec. Clerk of the Crown shall deliver Certificate of such Conviction, and Order of Transporta-lion.

Such Offenders shall be subject So the Laws touching Escape of Felons, Sect

Officer or Soldier convicted of Crimes by Law shall not he entitled to Pay.

Penalty on Constables, Sc c. taking Money o excuse any Person from quartering;

and on Visual-lers refusing to quarter Soldiers, ice.

C. 20. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

'*rkh respect to Offenders in such Act mentioned, tried at any Court of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery in England, as in the said Act mentioned; and such Order and Oraers so to be made as aforesaid, and all such Acts as shall be so done as aforesaid, shall be obeyed and done by such Person in whose Custody such Offender shall at that Time be, and all other Persons whom it may concern, and shall be as effectual and have all the same Consequences as any Order made under the Authority of the said Act with respect to any Offender in the said Act mentioned, and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor, or Superintcndant whom it may concern, and all Constables and other Persons, shall be bound to obey the aforesaid Order and Orders, be ailiilant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the same Punishment for Disobedience, or interrupting the Execution of the same, as they would be if the same had been made under the Authority of the aforesaid Act; and every Person so ordered to be transported as aforesaid shall be subject respectively to all and every the Provision and Provisions made by Law, and now in force concerning Persons convicted of any Crime and sentenced to be transported, or receiving his Majesty's Pardon on Condition of Transportation.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Baron who shall make any such Order as aforesaid, under any such Notification of his Majesty's Pleasure as aforesaid, shall direct the said Notification, and his own Order made thereupon, to be filed in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, and to be there kept of Record; and the said Clerk of the Crown shall receive a Fee of two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, for filing the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Clerk of the Crown of his Majesty's Court of King's Bench shall, upon the Application of any such Offender who shall be ordered by his Majesty to be transported as aforesaid, or of any other Person applying on his Behalf, or on the Application of any Person on Behalf of his Majesty, deliver a Certificate in Writing under his Hand (not taking for the same more than two Shillings and Sixpence), containing an Account of the Christian Name and Surname of such Offender, of his Offence, of the Place where the Court was held, before whom he was convicted, and of the Terms and Conditions on which his Majesty's Order for such Offender's Transportation wa9 given; which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and Sentence of such Offender, and also of the Terms on which such Order for his Transportation was given, in any Court, and in any Proceeding wherein it may be necessary to enquire into the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Offender, under Sentence of Death by a Court -martial as aforesaid, shall obtain his Majesty's conditional Pardon as aforesaid, all and every the Laws now in force, touching the Escape of Felons under Sentence of Death, shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding, abetting, or affiiling in any Escape, or intended Escape of any such Offender, or contriving any such Escape. from the Time when such Order shall be made by such Justice or Baron as aforesaid, and during all the several Proceedings which shall be had for the Purposes aforesaid.

[$ 10. as §5. of ^2 G. 3. c. 88. $11 — 15. as $ 6 — 10. of 41 (7.3; (U.K.) c. 11.]

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Officer or Soldier having been convicted in the ordinary Course of Law of any criminal Offence, shall, while under Confinement in consequence thereof, be entitled to any Part of his Pay from the Day on which such Conviction shall have taken place, nor until the Day of his Return to the Regiment, Troop, or Company to which he shall belong.

17 — 21. at $ 11 — 15. of 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 11. §22. as §16. of 42 G. 3. c. 88. $ 23, 24. at §17, 18.

of 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 11. §25. at $ 19. of 42 G. 3. c. 88. §26 — 43. at §20 — 37. of 41 G, 3. (U.K.)

c. 11.3

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any High Constable, Constable, Beadle, or other Officer or Person whatsoever, who, by virtue or colour of this Act, shall quarter or billet, or be employed in quartering or billetting, any Officers or Soldiers, shall neglect or refuse to quarter or billet such Officers or Soldiers when thereunto required, in such Manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Troops; or shall receive, demand, contract, or agree for, any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Reward whatsoever, for or on account of excusing, or in order to excuse, any Person or Persons whatsoever, from quartering or receiving into his, her, or their House or Houses, any such Officer or Soldier; or in case any Victualler, or any other rerson liable by this Act to have any Officer or Soldier billetted or quartered on him or her, shall refuse to receive or victual any such Officer or Soldier so quartered or billetted upon him or her as aforesaid; or shall refuse to furnish or allow, according to the Directions of this Act, the several Things herein after respectively directed to be fumiffied or allowed to Non-commission Officers or Soldiers so quartered or billetted on him or her, as aforesaid; or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Stables, together with good and sufficient Hay and Straw for each Horse so quartered or billetted on him or her, as aforesaid, at the Rate herein after mentioned, and shall be thereof convicted, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, City, or Liberty, within which such Offence shall be committed, either by his own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered to administer), every such High Constable, Beadle, or other Officer or Person so offending, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds, or any Sum of Money not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings (as the; said Justice or Justices, before whom the Matter shall be heard, shall, in his or their Discretion, think fit); to be levied, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Person offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted, or of one or more of them, to be directed to any other Constable within the County, City, or Liberty, or to any of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where the Offender shall dwell 5 which said Sum of five Pounds, or the said Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, when levied, shall be applied in the first Place, in.making such Satis-.

faction

A.E). 1803. 43 GEORGII III. C. 20.

faction to any Soldier for the Expence he mar have been put to by reason of his not being billetted or quartered as aforesaid, as such Justice or Justices shall order and diretEl; and the Remainder shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish wherein the Offence shall be committed, or to forae one of them, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish.

[§ 45 — 50. as 39 — 44- of 41 G- 3- (U'K-) c-1]

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better and more regular Provision of Carriages for his Majesty's Forces in their Marches, or for their Arms, Clothes, or Accoutrements, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, all Justices of the Peace, within their several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Liberties, and Precincts, being duly required thereunto by an Order from his Majesty, or the General of his Forces, or the Mailer General or Lieutenant General of his Majesty's Ordnance, shall, as often as such Order is brought and shewn unto one or more of them by the Quarter-master, Adjutant, or other Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company, so ordered to march, issue out his or their Warrants to the Constables, or Petty Constables, of the Division, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred, and Pre-cindt, from, through, near, or to which such Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company shall be ordered to march; requiring them to make such Provision of Carriages, with able Men to drive the fame, as is mentioned in the said Warrant, allowing them sufficient Time to do the fame, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burthen; and specifying in the said Warrants the Place or Places to which the said Carriages shall by Virtue of such Order as aforesaid be required to travel, and which shall not exceed one Day's Journey, unless in any Case of Necessity where the Day's March of the Troops is prescribed in the Order produced to the Magistrate, and where the same does not exceed twenty-five Miles: And in case sufficient Carriages cannot be. provided within any such Liberty, Division, or Precinct, then the next Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Division, shall, upon such Order as aforesaid being brought or shewn to one or more of them by any of the Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warranty the Constables, or Petty Constables, of such next County, Riding, Liberty, Division, or Precinct, for the Purposes aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency: And the aforesaid Officer or Officers, who, by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant from the Justices of the Peace, are to demand the Carriage or Carriages therein mentioned of the Constable, or Petty Constable to whom the Warrant is directed, is and are hereby required, at the same Time, to pay down in Hand to the said Constable, or Petty Constable, for the Use of the Person who shall provide such Carriages and Men, the Sum of one Shilling for every Mile any Waggon with live Horses shall travel; and the Sum of one Shilling for every Mile any Wain with fix Oxen, or four Oxen with two Horses, shall travel; and the Sum of Nine-pence for every Mile any Cart with four Horses or carrying not less than fifteen hundred Weight shall travel; and the Sum of Sixpence for every Mile every Cart or other Carriage with less than four Horses, and not carrying fifteen hundred Weight, shall travel; or any further Sum not exceeding Four-pence for every Mile any Waggon with five Horses, or any Wain with fix Oxen, or with four Oxen and two Horses, shall travel; and not exceeding Three-pence for every Mile any Cart with Four Horses, or carrying not less than Fifteen hundred Weight, shall travel; and not exceeding two-pence for every Mile, any Cart or Carriage with less than Four Hones, and not carrying fifteen hundred Weight, shall travel, according as the same shall be fixed and ordered by the Justices of the Peace for any County or District assembled at any General Sessions of the Peace for such County or District, the said Justices having regard to the Price of Hay and Oats at the Time of fixirg such additional Rates; for which respective Sums so received, the said Constable, or Petty Constable, is hereby required to give a Receipt iu Writing to the Person or Persons paying the fame: And such Constable or Petty Constable shall order and appoint such Person or Persons having Carriages, within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such Carriages and Men, according to the Warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and furnish the same accordingly; and if any Military Officer or Officers, for the Use of whose Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company, the Carriage was provided, shall force and constrain any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, to travel beyond the Distance specified in the Ma-gistrate1# Warrant, or shall not discharge the same in due Time for their Return Home on the same Day, if it oe practicable, or shall suffer any Soldier or Servant (except such as are fiek), or any Woman to ride in tltc Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage aforesaid; or shall force any Constable, or Petty Constable, by Threatenings or menacing Words, to provide Saddle Horses for themselves or Servants, or shall force Horses from the Owners, by themselves, Servants, or Soldiers; every such Officer, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds; Proof thereof being made upon Oath before Two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding, who are to certify the same to the Pay mailer General, or other respective Pay mailer of his Majesty's Forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid Sum of five Pounds according to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforesaid Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding, and is hereby empowered to dedu& the same out of such Officer's Pay: Provided always, That in Cases where the Day's March of the Troops shall be such, either owing to the Distance of Place, State of the Ronds, or Season of of the Year, as not to admit of the Return of the Carriages on the same Day on which they shall have been impressed, such further Compensation shall be made and paid in like Manner to the Owners of the said Carriages as shall be deemed reasonable by the Magistrate who granted the Warrant for impressing them, not exceeding the usual Rate and Hire of such Carriages: Provided also, That every Order of the Justices assembled st any General Sessions of the Peace, fixing a further Sum to be paid for the Hire of Carriages as aforesaid, in Addition to the customary Rates of one Shilling, and Nine-pence, and Sixpence per Mile respectively, shall fptcify the Period for which the same shall be in Force, and which shall not in any Case exceed ten Days beyond the General Sessions of the Peace for such County or Dillrid next ensuing the Date of such Order.

[# S*> 53-« $4<5»47*°/4i G'3.(U.K.) c. ii.J

669

For 1 he providing Carriage* for the Force* marching in England, Walety and Berwick,

Magj ft rates* Warrants shall* specify the Places to which the Caningcs shall travel, &c.

Rates for Carriage* r

Penalty on Officers forcing; Waggons to tra vcI more than Warrant speci-fiet, 5 I.

Further Grn-pensation for Can ini'<* n Cases wltcie they cannot return the same Dny.

Order for additional Rates thall specify 1 he, P< : i'*l, net ei-neding ten.

Day 3.

Penally on Con-ftnl le*. he. lor Keg'ecft, he.

5l. tv 405.

Officers and Sulc.iers, See. on Duly, and Carri<i£t s employed in his Majesty's Service, exempted from Payment of Toll*,

tinless where it is provided that they are liable with others.

Persons hnftily inlisting: may be relieved previous to Alteration, on returning inlisting Money, and paying 20s.;

but not paying Money within 24 Houis shall be deemed in-lifted. — On Inlistment, Justice* shall read over to them Articles 3, & 4. of $ 2. and Article 1. of^6. of the Articles of War, and administer Oath of Fidelity, and Oath in Schedule (A), and certify In-iiftment in the Form Schedule

(B)

Recruits inlisted under 39 Geo. 3. c. 109. for the East Indies shall take Oath of Allegiance, in Schedule

(C), and Justices shall certify

Inlistment in

C. 20. 4$ GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any High Constable or Petty Constable, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to execute such Warrant or Warrants of the Justices of the Peace, as shall he directed unto them for providing Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, as aforesaid; or shall demand or receive for the Use of the Owners furnishing such Waggons, Wains, Carts, or Carriages, more than the accuflotr.ed Rates per Mile of one Shilling, Nine-pence, or Sixpence, according to the Size of the respective Carriages as aforesaid, unless any further Sums, not exceeding the Amount herein-before specified, shall have been previously fixed and ordered by the Justices at any General Sessions of the Peace assembled as aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons, appointed by such Constable or Petty Constable, to provide or furnish any Carriage, and Man, Horse, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall refuse or neglect to provide the fame; or if such Person or Persons, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall wilfully do any Act or Thing, whereby the Execution of the said Warrant shall be hindered or frustrated, every such Constable, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, n#»r lefa than forty Shillings, to the Use of the Poor of such Parish or Parishes adjoining to the Parish where such Offence shall be committed, a3 shall he fixed upon by the Justice or Justices by whom such Offence shall be enquired of, heard, and determined: And all and every such Offence and Offences shall and may be enquired of, heard, and finally determined, by Two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, dwelling in or near the Place where such Offence shall be committed, who have hereby Power to cause the said Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any)to the Owner.

LV. And whereas in consequence of certain Exemptions from Toll txprefslv allowed by several Acts of Parliament for his Majesty's Forces on their March or on Duty, and for the Horses and Carnages attending them, Doubts have arisen whether, in all Cases not so exempted, the Officers and Soldiers, and the Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, and other Vessels of the King, a; likewise the Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, and other Vessels employed in his Majesty's Service, and returning therefrom, may not be charged with the Payment of Tolls; ' therefore, for obviating such Doubts, it is hereby enacted and declared, That all his Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, and their Horses on Duty, or on the March, and all Carriages, Horses, Boat3, Barges, and other Vessels belonging to his Majesty, or employed in his Service, and returning therefrom, were, and are, and shall be exempted from Payment of any Duties and Tolls, otherwise demar.dable by virtue of any Act of Parliament already made, or hereafter to be made, for Persons, Horses, Carriages, or Vessels, passing Turnpike Roads, Bridges, Rivers, Canals, or Locks, ur.lcfs by any such Act it has been or shall be expressly provided that the said Officers, Soldiers, Carriages, Horses, and Vessels, are and shall be liable equally with others to the Duties and Tolls therein authorized to be demanded and taken.

Z§ 56-63* aj §49 — 56.0/41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 1l.]

LXIV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, when and as often as any Person or Persons shall be inlisted as a Soldier or Soldiers in his Majesty's Land Service, he or theyr shall, within four Days, but not sooner than twenty-four Hours, after such Inlisting respectively, be carried before the next Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City, or Place, or Chief Magistrate of any City or Town Corporate (not being an Officer in the Army), and before such Justice or Chief Magistrate he or they shall be at Liberty to declare his or their Difient to such Infilling; and, upon such Declaration, and returning the Inlisting Money, and also each Person so d {Tenting paying the Sum of twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, such Person or Persons so infilling shall be forthwith discharged and set at Liberty, in the Presence of such Justice or Chief Magistrate; but if such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect, within the Space of twenty-four Hours, to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be infilled, as if he or they had given his or their Assent thereto before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate; or if such Person or Persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily inlisted himself or themselves, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate, shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to read over, or in his own Presence cause to be read over, to such Person or Persons the third and fourth Articles of the second Section, and the first Article of the sixth Section of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, and to tender and administer to such Person or Persons respectively, not only the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, but also the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A); and if such Person or Persons shall take the said Oaths, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand the Inlisting and Swearing, together with the Place of the Birth, Age, and Calling, if known, of such Person or Persons, in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B), except in the Case of Recruits inlisted to serve either in his Majesty's Troops, or in the Forces of the East India Company, according as his Majesty shall think fit, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his Majesty, intituled, sin sic! for better recruiting the Forces of the East India Company, in which Case every such Recruit shall, instead of the said Oath of Fidelity, and of the Oath contained in the Schedule (A) to this Act annexed, take the Oath of Allegiance directed by the said Act of the thirty-ninth of his Majesty, and contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (C); and the Justice or Chief Magistrate shall certify such Inlistment and Swearing accordingly in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (D); and if any such Person or Persons, so to be certified, shall wilfully refuse to take the said Oath of Fidelity before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, from whom, he has received such Money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such Person or Persons until he or they shall take the said Oath of Fidelity; and every Military Officer that shall act contrary hereto, or offend herein, shall incur the like Penalty and Forfeiture as is by this Act to be inflicted upon any Officer for making a false

7 and

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 20.

671

Justices may com mil Do fetter*.

How they shall be com eyed and kept.

Reward for taking up De« ferrets.

and untrue Muster; and the Penalty and Forfeiture shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as any Form in Sche-Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Act to be levied or recovered.

dule (D).

Persons refuting to take Oath of Fidelity, may be confined. Penalty on Officers acting contrary hereto.

[$ 65, 66. as §58, 59. of 41 G. IIL(£r. K.) c. 11.]

LXVII. 'And whereas several Soldiers, being duly lifted, do afterwards desert, and are often found wandering, or otherwise absenting themfeWes illegally from his Majesty's Service/ it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Con liable, Headborough, or Tithingman, of the Town or Place where any Person, who may be reasonably suspected to be such a Deserter, shall be found, or for any Officer or Soldier in his Majesty's Service to apprehend, or cause such suspected Person to be apprehended, and to bring or cause him to be brought before any Just ice of the Peace, living in or near such Town or Place, who hath hereby Power to examine such suspected Person; and if, by his Confession, or the Tellimony of one or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice of the Peace, it shall appear or be found that such suspected Person is a lifted Soldier, and ought to be with the Troop or Company to which he belongs, such Justice of the Peace shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found; or the House of Correction, or other publick Prison, in such Town or Place where such Deserter shall be apprehended; or to the Savoy, in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the City of London or Westminster, or Places adjacent; or to the Provost Marshal in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the City or Liberties of Dublin, or Places adjacent; and transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary at War for the Time being, in London, or if the Deserter be apprehended in Ireland, to the Chief Secretary to the Chief Governor or Governors thereof, to the End that such Person may be removed by an Order rrom the Office of the said Secretary at War, or Chief Governor or Governors, and proceeded against according to Law: And the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison, in which such Deserter shall at any Time be confined, shall receive the full Subsistence of such Deserter during the Time that he shall continue in his Custody, for the Maintenance of the said Deserter; but shall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward on Account of the Imprisonment of such Deserter; and the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Correction, or other publick Prison, shall, and he is hereby required to receive and confine such Deserter while on the Road from the Place where he was apprehended to the Place to which he is to be conveyed, either by Warrant of the said Justice, or by Order from the Office of the Secretary at War, or of the Chief Governor or Governors of /rr* land, and shall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward on account of the Imprisonment of the said Deserter; any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVIII. ' And, for the better Encouragement of any Person or Persons to secure or apprehend such Deserters from his Majesty's Service/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Justice of the Peace shall also issue his Warrant, in Writing, to the Collector or Collectors of the Land Tax Money of the Parish or Township in Great Britain where any Deserter. shall be apprehended, or in Ireland, to the Collector or Collectors of his Majesty's Revenue in the Dillri& where any Deserter shall be apprehended, for paying, out of the Land Tax Money or Revenue arisen or to arise, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and three, into the Hands of such Person or Persons as shall apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, any Deserter from his Majesty's Service, the Sum of twenty Shillings for every such Deserter as shall be apprehended and committed; which Sum of twenty Shillings shall befatisfied by such Collector or Collectors bo whom such Warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon his or their Account.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal, or assist any Deserter from his Majesty's Service, knowing him to be such, the Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds; and upon Conviction, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, the said Penalty of twenty Pounds shall be levied, by Warrant under the Hand of such Justice of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender; one Moiety of the said Penalty to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Officer to whom any such Deserter did belong: And in case any such Offender, who shall be convicted as aforesaid of harbouring, concealing, or assisting any such Deserter, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Distress may be made, to the Value of the Penalty awarded against him or her for such Offence, or shall not pay such Penalty within four Days after such Conviction, then, and in such Case, such Justice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, commit such Offender to the common Goal, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of six Months: Provided also, that if any Person shall knowingly detain, buy, or exchange, or otherwise receive from any Soldier or Deserter, or any other Person, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, any Arms, Clothes, Caps, or other Furniture, belonging to the King, or any such Articles belonging to any Soldier or Deserter, as are generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, according to the Custom of the Army, being providtd for the Soldier, and paid for by Deductions out of his Pay, or cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed, the Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Snm of five Pounds, or if any Person shall buy or receive any Oats,

Hay, Straw, or other Forage, provided for the Use of any Horse or Horses belonging to his Majesty's Service, from any Dragoon, or other Soldier, knowing him to be such, or shall move, procure, counsel, solicit, or entice any Dragoon or other Soldier, knowing him to be such, to fell or otherwise dispose of any such Oats,

Hay, Straw, or other Forage as aforesaid, the Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of five Pounds; and upon Conviction, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, the said respective Penalties of five Pounds, and Five Pounds, shall be levied by Warrant under the Hand of such Justice of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, one Moiety of the said tirft-mentioned Penalty of five Pounds to be paid to the Informer, and one Moiety of the said last mentioned Penalty of five Pounds to be paid to the Informer, and*

the

Penalty on Persons concealing Deserteis.

Penalty on Per-fjns receiving lhe Aims, Clothes, Stc. of Delcrters, Sec.;

and on Persons baying or receiving

Hav, or Foraer, provided Ln Ins Majesty's Set-vice.

672 C.ao. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

the Residue of the said respective Penalties to be paid to the Officer to whom any such Deserter or Soldier did belong; and in case any such Offender who mall be convicted as aforesaid of having knowingly- received any Arms, Clothes, Caps, «r other Furniture, belonging to the King, or any such Articles generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, or of having caused the Colour of such Clothes to be changed, or of having bought or received any Oats, Hay, Straw, or other Forage, provided for the Use of any Horse or Horses belonging to his Majesty's Service from any Dragoon or other Soldier, knowing him to be such, or of having moved, procured, counselled, solicited, or enticed any Dragoon or other Solcfier, knowing him to be such, to fell or otherwise dispose of any such Oats, Hay, Straw, o»* other Forage as aforesaid, contrary to the Intent of this Act, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Distress may be made to the Value of the Penalties recovered against him or her for such Offence, or shall not pay such Penalties within four Day3 after such Conviction, then, and in such Case, such Justice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, either commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of three Months, or cause such Offender to be publickly or privately whipped, at the Discretion of such Justice.

[§ 70 — 84.as 63 — 77. of 41 G. 3. (U.K) c. 11.]

LXXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be anyways construed to extend, to concern any of the Militia Forces m Great Britain or Ireland, or in (ferfeyt Guernsey, AUlerncy, Sark, or Man, or the Islands thereto belonging, excepting only in such Ode wherein, by any Act or Acts for regulating any of the Militia Forces in Great Britain or Ireland, the Provisions contained in this Act, or in any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, which shall be then in force, are extended and meant to take place in respect to the Officers and Soldiers of the Militia in Great Britain and Ireland\ and also except so far as relates to the mustering of the said Militia Forces according to the Provision6 herein after mentioned.

r$ 86 — 96. as §79 — 89. of 41 G. 3- (U.K.) c. 11.

Continuance of XCVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be and continue in Hus Ad. force, within Great Britain, from the twenty-fourth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and three, until the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and four; and shall be and continue in force within Ireland, from the thirty-first Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and three, until the first Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and four; and shall be and continue in force in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney\ Sark, and Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, as to such Parts thereof as relate to those Places respectively, from the thirtieth Day of Abril in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and three, until the nrft Day of May in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and four, and shall be and continue in force within the Garrison of Gibraltar, and in his Majesty's other Dominions or elsewhere beyond the Seas, from the twenty-fourth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and four, until the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and five.

AA : n Part XCVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act, so far as relates to the Allowances to be

may be altered made for the quartering of Soldiers and providing for their Horses, or for the Provision of Carriages, Horses,

this Session. Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, and Men, may be altered and varied by any Act or Acts to be made in this Session of Parliament.

£Schedule (A)as in 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. II.]

This Act not to eiicm! t»> iltc Militia further than is diiefted by the Militia Law*.

Inception.

SCHEDULE (B).

FORM OF JUSTICE'S CERTIFICATE.

-.IT A.B. one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of (or Chief

J Magistrate of)certify, That £»ZX, aged Years

Feet Inches high, Complexion, Eyes, Hair, came before

me at on the " Day of One thousand eight hundred and

acknowledged that he had voluntarily infilled himself to serve his Majesty King George the Third in the Regiment of commanded by And I further certify, That, in my Presence, the

third and fourth Articles of the second Section and the first Article of the sixth Section of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion were read over to him, and that he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, and also the Oath above set forth. A.B.

£Videlicet, the Oath mentioned in the Schedule marked (A).]

SCHEDULE (Cy

Oath of Allegiance, 39 G. 3. c. 109.

I A.B. being inlisted to serve, either in his Majesty's Troops, or in the Forces of the East India Company, according as his Majesty shall think fit, do swear, that I will bear true Allegiance to our Sovereign Lori King George, and that I will, as in my Duty bound, defend him in his Person, Crown, and Dignity, against all his Enemies; and that so long as I shall remain in his Majesty's Service, I will duly observe his Majesty's . Orders, and the Orders of the Generals and Officers set over me by his Majesty; and that if his Majesty shall please to appoint me to serve in the Forces of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, then I swear that I will also be true to the said United Company, and will didy observe and obey all their Orders, and the Orders of their Generals and Officers, who shall be lawfully set over me.

SCHEDULE

A.D. 1803. 4P GEORGII III..673

' SCHEDULE (D). '

7 T one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of.

toVu. j*certify, That aged Years, Feet

'Inches high, Complexion, Eyes, Hair, came before me at

'on the Day of One thousand eight hundred and and acknowledged that

he had voluntarily enlisted himself for the Bounty of to serve in his Majesty's Army, or

in the Forces of the East India Company, according as his Majesty shall think, fit to order. And I further certify, That, in my Presence, the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section, and the First Article of the Sixth Section of the Articles of War, against Mutiny and Desertion, were read over to him; that he took the Oath of Allegiance prescribet! by the Act of 39 Geo. III. c. 109. to be taken instead of the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of Wrir, and also the Oath above set forth; and that he received the Sum of on being attested.

Cap. xxi.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Corami&oners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland.

: /^' [24th March 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Aftpaffeclin the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth Year of his present Majesty's jriih Act

Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein 40 Goo. j. c mentioned, to-be levied by the commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties, certain Rates, Duties, Impositions, c*, 0:

c Charges, and Sums ot Money were granted, for a Term in the said Act limited, Upon the several Matters and

Things in the said Act, and the Schedules thereunto annexed, expressed, mentioned, and contained; which said recited Act has, by divers Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, befcn continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three: And whereas by other Acts of the said United Kingdom, certain of the Duties in the said recited Act mentioned have been altered, and certain

additional Duties have been granted, and it is expedient that the Dutiespayable under and by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, should be further continued, and tkat the Collection of the same should be regulated m Manner herein after-mentioned: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year One thousand eight hundred and three, there shall; throughout that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, be raised, collected, and paid unto his Ma- Duties shall 1*? jesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon the several Articles, Matters, and Things expressed in the Sche- paid upon the dulcs hereunto annexed, marked A, 13, C, and D, the several and respective Rates, Impositions, Duties, Matters cx-- Charges and Sums of Money in the said Schedules respectively mentioned; which said Schedules hereunto an- b^c"

ncxeu shall be deemed and taken as Part of this Act to all Intents and Purposes. p annexed*

II. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty, or the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Coromitt.jner* Governors of Ireland, for the Time being, shall have Power to appoint Commissioners for the stamping and may heap-marking of Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and managing the Duties thereupon, and that the said Commissioners, pointed by hit.or the major Part of them, shall have Power, under their Hands and Seals, to appoint such inferior Officers, Majesty or Lord with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland L, eutenant' and for the Time being, for the marking or stamping of Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and for the better collecting and levying of the Duties hereby granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as they at their Discretion.shall think proper; and that every Commissioner and other Officer so appointed, before he proceeds to the Execution of liiu Office under such Appointment, shall take and subscribe the Oath following; that is to say.

I A.B. do swear. That I will, during my Continuance in the Office of Oaih of Com-

*faithfully execute the Trust committed to me, without Fraud or Concealment; and that I will from Time missioner* and to Time true Account make of all such Acts as 1 shall do therein, and deliver the same to such Person or Oftcers.

Persons, as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Go-

vemors of Ireland for the Time being, hath appointed, or hereafter shall appoint to receive such Account;

and that I will take no Fee, Reward, or Profit, for the Execution or Performance of the said Trust, or the«Business relating thereunto, from any Person or Persons other than such as shall be paid and allowed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by some Person or Persons for that Purpose authorized, by his Majesty, nw Heirs or Successors, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being.'

And such Oath shall and may be administered to any such Commissioner or Commissioners by the Chancellor,

Treasurer, Lord Chief Baron, or any other of the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, or in their Absenccby any of the Justiets in any of his Majesty's principal Courts in Dublin; and they are hereby required and empowered to administer such Oath; and auy of the said Commissioners, or any Justice of the Peace, within Ireland, shall and may admi9ift.fr the like Oath to any subordinate Officer heretofore appointed, or hereafter to be appointedpurfuant to this Act.

41, 1- .Prpryitje/d always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, shall affect, or be construed Qualihc.aivt ^Jp aff^ftl sua ^passed In Ireland in the twenty-first and twenty-second Years of his Majesty's Reign, inti- not to ariect* lifted jifft lb'l\'tfoys .ppfointed to OJius in this Kingdom, wherein two or more*

lit. '* '4 R6 " Grantees

*74C.ai. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. f8a3.

The Commi f. Stonen and Officers now holding such Offices dull continue toa&, lave as herein.

Evidence of ailing aj Commissioners, &c. shall be suffici-cni without producing Appointment, &c.

Salaries, Ice. paid out of Duties

Commissioners and Officers shall ebferve Rules'received from Lord Lieutenant or Trca-fury.

Grantees aS lender one Grant, Comrnxjion, or Appointment but that the said Act, and every Part thereof, shall re* main in full Force.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Commissioners and Officers heretofore, appointed for tfye marking or flamping of Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and managing the Duties thereupon, and now adu* ally holding and -exevcifing such Offices respectively, as also such other, Commissioners and Officers as shall be hereafter appointed pursuant to this Act, shall continue to ad in the several Offices to .which they have been, or shall be so appointed, or which tkey now actually hold or exercisjc, in like Manner, with the same Powers and Authorities, and subject to Xuch Reflridians and Limitations as are mentioned in the former Acts of Parliament, granting Stamp Duties unto his Majesty in Ireland, or any of them^favc as herein mentioned or otherwise directed, unless such Commissioners or inferior Officers shall he sooner removed from such Offices by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or unless such inferior Officers shall be sooner removed from such Offices by the said Commissioners with the Consent and Approbation of his Majesty, or of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being.

V. And be it further enacted, That if in any Courtr either of Law or Equity, on any Action, Suit, In-didment, Information, Prosecution, or Proceeffing whatsoever, and whoever shall be the Parties therein, any Qaeflion shall arise concerning^the Right of the said Commissioners or inferior Officers, or any of them, to hold> exercise, or enjoy their said Offiaexrespectively, then and in every such Case, it shall .he sufficient to prove, that such Commissioners or Commissioner, or inferior Officers or Officer, were or was at the Time in question commonly reputed to be such Commissioners or .ComnpiQioner, or Officers or Officer respectively, without producing their or h: s Patent, Appointment, or Commission, and without giving Evidence that they have performed the several Requisites prescribed by Law to entitle them to execute the said Offices respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his Heirs and Sjaq* cessors, and to and for the Lord Lieutenant, and other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, out of the Produce of the Duties hereby granted, to cause such Sum and Stuns of Money to be expended and paid from Time to Time, for Salaries, and other Incident Charges as shall be necessary in and for the receiving, collecting, and levying, or managing of the said Duties; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or other Officers heretofore appointed, and hereafter to be appointed as aforesaid, and all Officers employed or to be employed or entrusted by or under them as. aforesaid, shall from Time to Time observe such Rules, Methods, and Orders in the Execution of their several Offices and Truds* as they respectively have received or shall receive from Time to Time, from the Lord; Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, or any three of them, or the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland respectively for the Time being.

Head Office in Dublin; but no duty paid to Commissioners. Commissioncn empowered lo administer Oaths and Affi .davits.

Separate Accounts lo be be kept by Officer!.

Distributors in Dublin to pay to Receiver General every Friday;

in other Place*, to Collectors of Excise every Wednesday.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners or Officers for the damping and marking of Vellum Parchment, and Paper, and managing the Duties thereupon, for the Time being, shall keep their Head Office in some convenient Place within the City of Dublin; and that none of the Duties granted by this Act shall be received or collected by, or paid to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties or to any of them.

IX. And it be further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Commissioners, for the Time being, for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, or any one of them, to adtaiinifter Oaths and Affirmations, and take Affidavits and Affirmations, in all Cases where he or they shall respectively think an Oath or Oaths, or an Affirmation or Affirmations, necessary to be administered or taken for the Purpose of carrying into-effect this Act, or any Part thereof, or any Matter or Thing relating thereto, or to the Management of the Stamp Duties imposed by this Act, or to be imposed by any future Ad; and if any Person shall wilfully swear or affirm any such Affidavit or Affidavits, or Affirmation or Affirmations, or wilfully swear or affirm any other Affidavit or Affidavits, or Affirmation or Affirmations by this Act directed to be sworn or affirmed, and any of said Affidavits or Affirmations, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall contain a Fal£eho©dr every such Person so swearing any such Affidavit or Affidavits, or affirming such Affirmation or Affirmations, knowing or believing the same to contain a FaMehood, fhattand may be indicted for wilful and .corrupt Perjury therein, apd' shall upon such Conviction of such Offence incur and suffer such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, as Periods con vidied of wilful and corrupt Perjury in Ireland are by Law liable and subject t9*

X. And be it further eoaded, That all and every the Officer and Officers who shall be concerned in levying* collecting, and receiving, the Duties arising by this Act, shall keep separate and diflind Account* thereof y and that the several Distributors of Stamps in the City or County of Dublin, shall on the Friday in every Week* unless the same shall be an Holiday, and then upon the next ensuing Day which shall not be an Holiaay, pay all Monies received by them in the preceding Week, under or by virtue of this Act, and then in their Hands respectively, to the, Receiver General of Stamp Duties; and the Receiver General shall on the Friday in every Week, unless the same shall be an Holiday, and then upon the next ensuing Day which shall not be an Holiday, pay all Monies received by him in the preceding Week, by virtue of this Act, and then in his Hands, inta his Majesty's Treasury in Dublin; and the Distributors of Stamps employed in other Parts of Ireland, shall oq every Wednesday, in every such Week, unless the same shall be an Holiday, and then on the next ensuing Day which shall not be an Holiday, pay all Sums received by them in like Manner, and then in their Hands respectively, to such of the Collectors of the Inland Excise in Ireland, as they shall be respectively directed to pay the same to by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or by any of them; and in Case any such JDistributor shall not have received such Direction, then he or she shall pay the same to the Cofiedor of Inland Excise in the District in which the same shall have been received and collected; and such Collectors of Inland Excise are hereby authorized and required to receive and give Receipts for the fame, «without Fee or Reward, and to keep distinct Accounts thereof \ and the Receiver General, fhaltin fix Day* after bh making aby

8*1 Payment

A.D. 1803I 43" GECaUHl III. G.'ji.

Payment into his Majesty's Treasury, and every Distributor of Stamps in ftt Days after his making any Pay* tnenttothe Receiver* General or to any of the said Collectors of Inlana Excise, shall give Notice of such Payment, and of the Amount thereof to the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties; and every such Collector shall from Time to Time pay the several Sums so to them paid respectively, and every other Sum which he shall have received by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, to the Receiver General, upon receiving from him one or more Acquittance or Acquittances for the same; and if such Receiver General and Collectors, or any of them, shall neglect or omit to pay the Sums so by them respectivety payable as aforesaid, at the Time and m Manner aforesaid, or shall detain any Part of the Monies so by them payable, then and for every such Offence, he or they shall be dismissed from his or their Employment, and shall from the Time of fuclr Dtfiriiilhl be incapable to serve his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in any Civil Capacity whatsoever, and shall be charged with Interest for the Monies so detained in his or their Hands after the Rate of Twelve Pounds by the Hundred by the Yfear, the same to be recovered by Action, Suit, Information, or by any other of the Mfcans whereby Debts may be recovered by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from public Accountants or Debtors; and if any such Distributor shall neglect or omit to pay to such Receiver General or Collector as aforesaid, the Sums so by him or her received and collectedin Manner aforesaid, or shall detain any Part of the Montes by him or her so collected or received, then for the first of such Offence3, he, she, or they shall forfeit all and every the Discount, per Centage, or other Fee, Profit, or Reward, to which such Person so offending would on might otherwise be entitled for or by reason of the Sum so detained, or so neglected or omitted to be paid to such Receiver General or Collector, and for the second of such Offences, every such Distributor shall forfeit the said Discount, per Centage, Fee, Profit, or Reward, and shall be dismissed from his or her said Office, and shall from the Time of such Dismissal be incapable of serving his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in any Civil Capacity whatsoever, and shall also be charged with Interest for the Money so detained, after the Rate of six Pounds by the Year for every Hundred Pounds; the same to be recovered in the same Manner as the Interest recoverable from the said Receiver General and Collectors as aforesaid, and the said Discount, per Centage, Fee, Profit, or Reward, so forfeited by such Distributor, shall in every of the said Cases be paid to such of the Inspectocs4)f Stamp Distributors as shall first discover and inform the said Commissioners of Stamps of such Neglect, Omission, or Detention. v

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Dispute shall arise, as to which of the said Inspectors ftfall in any Case be entitled to the said Discount, per Centage, Fee, Profit, or Reward, or whether the same has been forfeited by any such Distributor or not, the same shall be decided by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or the major Part of them, by a summary Order under their Hands, and their Decision therein shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided also, that it shall and may be lawful tovand for the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or any one or more of them, from Time to Time, as often as-hetvr they shall think proper, by order under his or their Hand or Hands respectively, to enlarge and extend, fair suiy Time not exceeding one Month, the Time hereby allowed to such Distributors respectively for paying unto such Receiver-Generd or Collectors, the several Sums by them respectively from Time to Time received as aforesaid, where the quarterly Payment of such Distributor shall exceed two hundred and fifty Pounds; and where it ftnU not exceed two hundred and fifty Pounds, to enlarge and extend such Time of Payment, for any Time not exceeding three Months.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Comptroller of the Duties hereby granted shall certify once in every Week to the Accountant General, the Amount of the Duties paid by the Distributors or other Officers of the Stamp Duties, to the several Collectors of the Inland Excise; and that every such Distributor shall Ekewife certify to the Accountant General, and to the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties, once in every Month, the full Amount of the Sums paid by him on account of the said Duties, to any Collector or Collectors of Inland Excise, specifying the Name of such Collector, and the respective Times of Payment, and the Balance remaining in his Hands; and if such Comptroller or Distributor shall neglect to certify m Manner aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds (Irish Currency).

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Distributor of Stamps shall verify by Affidavit, or if a known Quaker by Affirmation, his or her respective Accounts, to be fqmished by him or her to the said Commissioners, the said Affidavit or Affirmation, if made in DubTw, to be sworn or affirmed before one of the said Commissioners, and if in the Country, either before a Commissioner of the Court of Chancery, King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in Ireland, or before a Magistrate in the County, or County of the City or Town, in which such Distributor shall reside, and which Affidavit or Affirmation, the said Commissioners or Magistrates are hereby respectively required and impowered to take; or if the said Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland) or any one or more of them, shall by Notice in Writing, require it, before the Justice of the Fkace, at a Quarter Sessions- of the Peace to be held in and for the County in which such Distributor shall reside; and which Affidavit or Affirmation, such Justices are hereby required and authorized to receive and take; and if any Distributor shall neglect or refuse to verify any of such Accounts in Manner aforesaid, within such reasonable Time as he or she shall be called upon by the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any one or more of them, so to do, he or she shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who have been or shall be respectively employed nrvooetving, collecting, or paying the several Duties by this Act, or any of the said former Acts granted, shall exhibit their respective Accounts of such Duties to the Commissioners for taking Imprest Accounts in Ireland fO^ the Time being, or the major Phi* of them, when called on by them or any one or more of them for that Purpose; and the said Commissioners of Imprest Accounts are hereby respectively authorized and required, from Time to Time, to examine upon Oath, the said Persons who shall be lb employed, in raising, receiving, or collecting the said Duties, atto their Accounts, and asto the Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been

4 R 2 by

Notice to Commissioner* of Payments made in six Days after. Receiver General and Collectors neglecting to pay-Duty disabled from acting} and shall pay III. per Cent, per Annum for Money detained.

Distributors ne-glefting to par, forfeit their Dif on n t of 6L per Cent j

lor second Offence dismissed, and charged with Interest at 6J. per Cent.

Discount to Inspectors informing.

Commiftif»ner*w' (hill decide Claims of Inspectors,

and may enlarge Time of Payment by Distributor

Comptroller

shall certify 10 AccoutvaniGeu neial Amount of Dut ies paid by Distributois to Col Teftors; Distributors shall give a like Account. Penalty 20l. Distnbutoif shall verify their Account! os Oath.

Penalty look

ColWftois shall exhibit theit Accounts to Commissioner# of imprest Act*

COUoti;

and produce Vouclieis,

and receive Difihjr^ca-

rommiiTioncM ot Stamp* may iilue Warrants to fei?.e stamped Eapvr, See. (rum Diitt .buiors in Art ear.

A separate Ac-

011 nt shall he kept in Treasury.

No Fee to Vice-Treasure: , &c.

Collectors of Ex-

cife subject to Account as for other Duties; and also to Commissioners of Stamps. Stamps already ul'ed or hereafter to be used at the head Office, shall be the only lawful Sumps.

May be repaired or renewed.

Two or more may be used.

New Stamps may be provided.

Sumps may be altered,

on publick No-licck

Person* bringing damped Parchment, &c. nut

C. 21. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1863l.

by them or any of them respectively raised, collected, or received within the Time of such thdif Accounts, and likewise what Part thereof shall have been by them, or any of them, paid into the Rcreeipt of his Majestyfa Exchequer in Ireland, or to the Collectors of the Inland Excise as aforesaid; and ifa accounting before the said last-incntioned Commissioners, or the major Part of them, the said Persons are to produce proper Vouchers for any Sum or Sums of Money, so by them raised, received, and paid; and the said last mentioned Commissioners or the major Part of them, are hereby authorized and required, finally to adjust and settle such Accounts; which said Accounts, when so audited and settled, shall be signed by the said last mentioned Commissioners, or the major Part of them, and shall be at all Times to the Officers therein concerned, a full and sufficient Warrant; and Discharge to all Intents and Purposes.

XV. 4 And whereas the Distributors of Ramped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, frequently neglect to fur-

nish their Accounts to the Commissioners for managing stamped Duties in Ireland, and often run in Arrear,

and decline giving up such stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, as they have not fold, by means whereof great Losses arise to the Revenue; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any one or more of them, as often as it shall seem fit to him or them so to do, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to authorize any Person or Persons, with the Affillance of a Magistrate, or any Peace Officer, in the Day Time, to enter into the House of any Distributor of Stamps, and to seize, or take into his, her, or their Possession, such ilamped Vellum, Parchment, or: Paper, as shall have been sent to such Distributor from the Plead Office in Dublin, and as shall be then found tit the House of such Distributor; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person and Persons so autlio-rized as aforesaid, with the Assistance of a Magistrate or Peace Officer, to .enter into the House or Houses of any such Distributor or Distributors, and to seize and take into his, her, or their Possession, such stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, as shall be then found in such House or Ploufcs, and as shall have been sent to such Distributor from the Head Office as aforesaid; and all Magistrates and Peace Officers are hereby required* upon the Request of any Person or Persons acting under such Warrant, to aid and assist him and them in the*Execution thereof: Provided always, that all and every stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper which shall be so found in such House, shall and may be seized and taken as having been so feut to stich Distributor from the said Head Office, unless the contrary shall be proved by such Distributor.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be kept in his Majesty's Treasury in Ireland* one JBook,

in which all Monies that shall be paid into the said Treasury in Ireland, by virtue of this Act, shall be entered apart anddiftinct from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from any Account whatsoever, and that neither the Sixpence per Pound, nor any other Fee, shall be payable to or be deduced or received by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's said Treasury, for or on account of the iffuingor Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money arising by or which shall be received for or on Account of the Aids by*this Act granted, or of any Payment to be made in pursuance of this Act; but that the same shall be re-; ceived and duly accounted for to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and all the Money paid into the said. i Treasury as aforesaid shall be earned to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, '/

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Collectors of Inland ExciTe shall, as to all Sums to be by themA

received* under or by virtue of this Act, be subject and liable to the same Mode of Account, and the same Regu- / lations, save as herein otherwise mentioned, as they are and shall be subject to in respect to any other Duties by them collected; and shall also be subject and liable to furnish to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, as often as they shall be thereto respectively required by the said Commissioners or any of them, Accounts of such Sums as shall be received by such Collectors respectively under this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Types, Marks, and Stamps already kept or used for denoting ( and marking on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper the several and respective Duties heretofore granted, of any of them, or hereafter to be kept or used at the Head Office in Dublin, for denoting and marking on Vellum, Parch-'ment, and Paper, the several and respective Duties hereby granted, shall be the only true and-lawful Types, Marks, and Stamps, for the damping and impressing of act Vellum, Parchmebt, and Paper on whifchany of the several Things herein directed to be charged have been or shall be engrossed or written; and that from Tame to Time as often as such Types, Marks, or Stamps, or any of them, shall be worn out or otherwise become unfer- > viceable, the said Commissioners may causethe same to be repaired and rendered fit for Use, or cause Renewals thereof, or similar Types, Marks, and Stamps to be made and used, if they shall think proper so to do; and.that where such Types, Marks, or Stamps shall not specifieally denote the Duties chargeable by this Ajft, two^i or more of such Types, Marks, or Stamps, the Duties denoted whereby shall in the Whcue amount to the Duties. -chargeable by this Act, may be used for marking and impressing Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, with such.: Duties, or the said Commissioners may cause to be provided new Types, Marks, or Stamps for denoting such-Duties, or any of them, if they shall think proper so to do, and to stamp 6r mark Vellum* Parchment, and Paper chargeable with such Duties with the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Devices or Marks used or to be used for denoting and marking:

on Vellum* Parchment, and Paper the said Duties, or any of them, may be changed, varied, or altered, from Time to Time, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or; Chief Governors of Ireland ior the Time being shall think fit: Provided, that whenfoeiver such Devices or Marks shall be changed, varied, or altered, then and in every such Case, publick Notice of every such Change, Variation, or Alteration shall be given by Advertisement in the Dublin GaneUe* and in some other Publick* Newspapers, a convenient time before the Types, Marks, or Stamps on which such new Device* or Ma&s shall be made, be used.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That so often as the said Devices or Marks* or, any of them, shall be so changed, varied, or altered, it shall be lawful for all Persons who ffialj, at the Times respectively of such. > Alteration or Change, have in their Custody or Possession any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, marked with the

7 Impressipa

A.D. 1803l. 4; f GEORGII . III. C. 21.

Impression of the Type,; Mark, of Stamp, which thill have been lb drahged, varied* or altered, and upon which none of the Matter#'or Thiiigs. hereby charged shall Have been engrossed or written, to bring or fend at any Time within the Space of sixty Days after the Publication of such Advertisement as aforesaid, such Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, at the Head Office in Dublin, or to such other Officers appointed as aforesaid; and thereupon the said Commissioner and Officers respiedlively are hereby re-, quired to stampor mark, or causeto bolkamped or marked, in lieu thereof, the like Quantity of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, which shall he brought or sent'to the said Head Office by the Ptrfou requeuing the Came, with the Impression of such mdw Type* Mark, or Stamp, without demanding or taking direct, or indirectly for the same any Sum of Money/* or other Consideration whatsoever, under the Pfcnalty of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Ode hohdredi Papntdi^and the bud Stamps and Marks which fo&ll have been so changed, shall, in every such* Case, be immediately cancelled; and in case any Person shall neglt& or omit, within the Time aforesaid, to bring or cause to be brought and delivered unto the said Commissioners or Officers as aforesaid, any such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, so marked with the Type, Mark, or Stamp, which shall have been so changed, the same is hereby declared to be of no other Effect than if such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper had never been stamped 5 and that all Matters and Things which shall be engrossed or written thereon after such Time as shall be appointed by such Advertisement as aforesaid, for making Use of such changed'or altered Types, Marks, or Stamps, as aforesaid, shall he of no other Effedlthau if they lad been engrossed or written on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, not marked or stamped; and all Persons who shall engrossor write any Matter or Thing chargeable with any of the Duties aforesaid, on such Vellum, Parchment #or Paper, after the said Time, shall incur-and sufferfuch Penalty as is herein directed to.be inflicted on Persons writing or, engrossing on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, not marked or stamped.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper which has been marked or damped, and has paid the Duties granted by any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore made, shall and may beufedfor the Purposes thereby intended, without any additional Stamp, Mark, or Duty, except in Cases Where by this Act or by any other Act or Acts, Duties greater thftn tfo>fe heretofore laid on.are or have been or shall be impofod; in all which Cases it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any of them, if they shall think proper lb to do, upon Request of any Person or Persons, to order either that such Vellum, Parchment, and Paper be damped with a .Duty denoting a, higher Duty, the Person or Persons requesting the same paying the Difference of Price between the said respective Stamps, or that such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper as shall be brought for the Purpose, by the Person requesting the fame, be duly stamped and marked with Stamps denoting such Duties as the Person or Persons requesting the same shall require in Exchange for such Vellum, Parchment, and Paper as shall be offered for Exchange; the Person or Persons to whom tl>e fame, shall be given paying the Difference, if any*, between the said respective Stamps; Provided always, that the Stamps marked.on such Vellum, Parchment, and Paper to be offered for Exchange, be cancelled.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Vellum, ' Parchment, and Paper, hereby intended to be charged with the several Duties aforesaid, shall, before any of the Matters or Things herein-before mentioned shall be. thereupon engrossed or written, be brought to the Head Office aforesaid to be stamped and.marked; and the said Commissioners and Officers are hereby required, tipon Demand of the Person or Persons so bringing the same, forthwith, without any Fee or Reward* to (lamp or mark any Quantity or Parcels of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper so brought 5 such Person or Persons paying to such Officer or Officers as shall be appointed in that Behalf, the respective Duties hereby granted, and directed to be paid for the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That.if. any Commissioner or other Officer, appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid, shall fix .any such Mark or .Stamp-to any Vellum, ' Parchment, or Paper which shall be brought to the Head Office aforesaid to be llamped or marked, before: the several and respectrie Duties thereupon ^charged.b)nthis Act, Riall be duly answered or be secured to be paid to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Suoccflbrs, hie shall, for every such Pffence, forfeit the S.uip of one hundred Pounds.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That if any Person, or Persons shall engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or

written, upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, any of the Matters or Things for which the said Vellum, Parchment, or' Paper ii hereby charged to pay any Duty, before such Time as the fakl Vellum, Parchment, or Paper shall be marked or stamped as aforesaid, or shall engross or write, or cause tq.be engrossed or written, any Matter nr Thing upon VcUum, Parchment, or P&per, that shall be marked qr, stamped for auy lower Duty than the Duty by this Act payable for what shall be so ..engressed or written thereof such Person so offending shall forfeit* for every such Offence, the Bum of five Pounds. '

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall write or engross, or cause to be writ-

ten or engrossed, either in the Whole or Jn.Part, any Matter or Thing in respect whereof any Duty is payable by thisAdi, upon any Part of any Piec^jq£ Vellum, Parchment, or Paper whereon there shall have been be- fore-engrossed or wnuen any other Matter or Thing in respect whereof any Duty is payable by this Act, unless such Vettum, Parchment, or Papfcr dull have been again marked or stamped according to this Act, after such former Engtoffing, Writing* or Printing, or shall, for the Purpose of evading any ortlic Duties payable by this Acti) execute any stamped lull runout without a Date, or which shall bear Date prior to such Execution thereof, 01 1 fraudulently erase or out, or cause to be erased or feraped out* the Name or Names-

of any Penfon or Penons, or.any Date, oum, or Thing engrossed or written in.such Instrument, Matter, or Thing as aforesaid, or shall fraudulently cut, tear, or take off any Ma*k or Stamp from any Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or any Part thereof, with Intent to use such Stamp or Mark for any other Writing* Matter, or Thing, in respect whereof, any Duty shall be payable by virtue of this Act, thep, and ip any such Case, every such. Person, so offending in any of the Particulars before mentioned shall, for every fuclv Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds Irish Currency; and any Deed, Jnllrument, or Writing so antedated, or whorein any of the said Frauds mau have been committed, shall be deemed not to have been duly Ramped

Provided

67?

etigroflftcl.

10 the Oihie in Sixty Da) $.

fh all have the like Quantity s^ith new Stamps, grnti*.

Penally on Officer demanding any Confuleration tool.

Parchment, Jtc. with old Sump»',

of no Use.

Commissionert may order Parchment, he. loi meily stumped, to he statnped with a higher Duty, the Dititttnc« being paid.

F n mer Stampj

cancelled,

P.irchmerrt, he. (half he brought to he stamped before wiitten upon.

Penalty on Officer affixing Stamps before Duly p*.id, hc loot.

W'i it'm^fc.it-teis c!i.i-e.ibie with Duty on undamped Paper, ice.

Ptn.ihy 5l.

WrWnjon

Parcl merit, he.' so: ll.ulv Vt'l/l-ten \itx-11 before v a^.-in ft .imped, craftily, Names, Dates, he, or taking off Stamps to use again,

Penalty 501, and DceiU, he. deemed u i-stamped.

C. 2 I

430 GEORGET ITT. A.IX iiJo.3<

Pxrtie* miy execute Deeds at different Times*

Stamped Parchment, bee. in-adveitently rendered unfit for , Use, bee. may be brought to the Office, and, on Oath,

the like Quantity shall be rt imped properly gratis.

Cancelling Bankers Notes remaining in B'jok> not separated.

Deedi, bee. on Parchment un-iUaped, or stampod for a lower Duty, if 'brought within 5 Years, may be Ramped, on Penalty of.iol.

After 5 Year*, sob PAMlty.

Commissioners jnayftamp In-jftrurnerUs after {they have been executed, without penalty, aridun 60 Days*

Judgments upon Pofteas Ac. may be stamperi within ne Month*

Penalty on s .Officers neg-

Provided nevertheless, that any Deed or Instrument which shall have been diflyxxecuMdhy any of the Partie# thereto, on the Day when the same bears Date, shall not be conhdcred as antedated within the Meaning of this Act j but such Deed or In liniment may lawfully be executed at any Time afterwards by the other Parties thereto, or any of them, notwithstanding any intervening Change in the Stamp Duties payable on such Deed; or Inflniment, if the same wa9 duly ilaimped at the Time of the said first Execution thereof.

XXVI. And be it further coa&ed, That upon Oath (or folemo Affirmation of a known Quaker)made at> the Head Office in Dublin, to the Satisfaction of the said Comraifijoners of Stamps, or any of them, or of any* inferior Officer by them in that Behalf appointed, (which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioners are, or any of them is, and the said Officer also is hereby authorized to administer, ) that any damped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, printed, .engrossed, or written upon, and inadvertently and uodefigoedty obliterated, or-by anyr other Means rendered unfit for the Purpose intended, hath not l>een executed or (ignefl by any Party or Parties, r or used for any Puroofe or in any other Manner whatsoever, and that no Money orwther Consideration hath; been paid or given for the Dnty or'Duties marked, stamped, -or imprefied thereupon, Xave and except the Money first paid for such Duty or Duties to the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties or other proper Officer ap-r pointed to collect and receive the same; and in case the Person or Persons who shall bring aid deliver any' Quantity of such stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, rendered unfit for Use, shall produce at the famut Time the like Quantity of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper to be damped, then, and in every Tuck Case, the said Commissioners shall cause the same to be stamped or marked with the feverui and respective Duties stamped, marked, or impressed on the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, so rendered unfit for Use, without demanding ot; taking, directly or indirectly, for the Duty on the same any Sum of Money or other Consideration whatsoever.

XXVII. And be it further ena&^d, That if any Bank nr Bankers Note or Notes shall be signed or otherwise executed by any Banker or Bankers, duly registered in Manner hereafter mentioned, or by his or their> Servant or Servants, and shall remain in a Book and be Part of the Leaves or of any one Leaf thereof, anch not cut or separated therefrom, then, and in every such Case, if such Notes so remaining in such Book (half be brought to the Head Office in Dublin it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of> Stamps, or any of them, or any Ofliecr byhem duly authorized, and they are hereby required to cancel ther Stamps thereon respectively, and to mark or (lamp any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper which shallhe brought? to the said Head Office by the Person or Persons so bringing such Nbte or Notes with any Macks or Stampst which lie or they may require, on such Person or Persons paying the Difference of Price, if any, between the-Stamp so cancelled and the Stamps or Marks so marked or Ilamped on the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper so. brought to the said Head Office.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person within Ireland have or hath engrossed or written* at any Time since the Commencement of any Acts for imposing Stamp Duties, in Ireland, or any of them, or shall at any Time hereafter engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, any of the Mattera or Things for which such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, was chargeable by the said Acts, or any of<them, or k hereby charged to pay any Duty before such Time as the said Vellum, Parch- meat, or Paper, hath been or shall be marked or stampedas aforesaid, or hath or have engrossed or written the fame, or cause the same to be engrossed or written, or shall engross or write the fame, or cause the same to be engrossed or written upon any Vellom, Parchment, or Paper, not stamped with any Duty, or stamped or* marked for any lower Duty than the Duty by the said Acts or this Act payable for what hath been or (halt ber so engrossed or written thereon, then and in every such Case there shall be paid-to his Majesty, his Heirs and SucccfloFB, the Remainder or the Whole of the Amount of the Duty (as* the Case may'be; payable by Law for every such Deed, Instrument, or Writing, and also the Sum often Pounds, provided the same shall be brought to be stamped within the Space of five Years from the Execution-of such Deed^ Instrument, or Writ-«ng, or at any Time after the Expiration of such Term offive Years, the-Sum of twenty Pounds, over and; above such Duty payable as aforesaid; and the proper Officer or Officers* ares hereby required, upon Payment or Tender of such Duty and Sum of ten Pounds, or twenty Pounds, as the Case may be, unto him. or themv tsr give a Receipt for the same, and to mark and damp such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, wkh the Marfk o* Stamp that shall be proper for such Deed, Instrument, or Writing respectively*

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, iphert any Inftmment hath been engrossed or written Parchment, Vellum, or Paper, not duly ilamped, and it* shall appear to the Commissioners, upon Oath on Affirmation, or ©therwife, (and which Oath or Affirmation* the said Cdraraiffionm are hereby resperibvelyt empowered to administer, ) that the same hath happened ekhe* by Aecidcnr or Inadvertency, or from, urgent Necessity or unavoidable Circumstancee, and without any Intention in any Party to defraud his Majesty, hi* Heirs or Successors, of the Duty chargeable upon such Instrument, and fooh Instrument shall, within fiocty Days from the Execution thereof, be brought to the Commissioners to the Head Stamping Office in the City of Dublin* to be stamped, and shall pay the Duty chargeable upon such Iafttumeat, it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners to remit the Penalty payable on stamping such Inftsliment, or any Part thereof, and to cause such Instrun&ent to be damped with the proper- Stamp; and every Person concerned in engrafting. any such Inftrtiment, or executing the fame, shall be exempt fromaft Penalties on account thereof.

XXX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all Judgments <upon Pofteas, Inquisitions. Writs of Scir* F+*

cias, and Judgments upon Nil Dick or Cognovit in Ire kind, shall and may be - stamped with the proper Stamp within one Month next after the fame'shall have been €gned, without Payment of any Penaky or other Sum, save only the Duty payable thereon, but no Discount ffifcdl be also wed; thereon; and every Person concerned in the engrossing or signing the fame, shall be exempt from all Penalties on account thereof 1 Provided nevertheless, that any Officer or Officers who shall neglect or omit to bring or feud such Judg«

G.

A.D. 1803.

+3° G EOR'GM III.

C.sx.

679

meet or Judgments to the Head Office in Dublin, to be stamped within put Month pfter the" same shall have keen so signed, <ftaU9 for every such Negk& or Omission, forfeit and pay the Sum often Pounds.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Peribps shall be arrested by virtue of any rWrit or Process of any of his Majesty rs Courts of Record in Dublin, at the Suit of any common Person, and the Sheriff or other Officer shall take Bail from such Person against whom such Writ or Process shall issue, the Sheriff or other Officer, at the Requell and Cofl of the Plaintiff in such Action or Suit, or of his lawful Attorney, shall assign to the Plaintiff in such Action or Suit the Bail Bond or other Security taken from such Bail, by indorsing, the fame, and attesting it under his Hand and Seal, in the Presence of two or more credible Witnesses, which may be done without any Stamp, provided the Assignment so endorsed be duly stamped before any Action be brought thereupon; and also that when and so often as it shall become necessary forny Sheriff er other Officer in Ireland* having Authority to grant Replevins, to assign any Bond of any Plaintiff in Replevin to the Avowant or Defendant in such Action, such Assignment may be made without any Stamp, provided the Assignment so made be duly stamped before any Action be brought thereupon, and the, said several Assignments shall, on Application at the Head Office in Dublin, at any Time before any Action be brought thereon, be duly stamped, without Payment of any Penalty or other Sum, save only the Duty payable thereon.

XXXII..Provided also, and be it enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties are hereby authorized to stampall Instruments executed out of Ireland, upon Payment of the Duty payable thereon according -to this Act* without Payment of the said additional Duty of ten Pounds, Proof being first made to the SatiU faction of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, that such Instruments were really executed out of Ireland as aforesaid, provided the same shall be brought to be stamped within the Space of two Years from the .Executionthereof respectively.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Courts of Justice and Judges in Ireland shall, without Alio garion or Proof in that Behalf, take judicial Notice of the several Types, Marks, and Stamps kept or used as .aforesaid, as and for the only true and lawful Types, Marks, and Stamps for the Purposes herein mentioned, and that no Record, Deed, Instrument, Writing, or Printing whatsoever, for which the Vellum, Parchment, r Paper whereon the same is or shall be written or printed, is or shall be chargeable with any Duty by this or any other Act, shall on any Pretence whatsoever be pleaded, or given, or received in Evidence in any Court in Ireland, or admitted many Court in Ireland to be good or available in* Law or Equity, unless the said Vellum* Parchment, or Paper whereon the same shall be so written or printed, shall be duly marked or damped with the Mark or Stamp that shall be proper for such Deed, Instrument, Writing, or Printing respectively: Provided always, that if any Deed, Instrument, or Writing shall happen to be executed on any Stamp of a greater Amount than the Value of the Stamp prescribed by this Act for such respective Deed, Instrument, or Writing, the feme shall be considered as duly stamped, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, for the Time being* or the map>r fturt of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, as they shall see Occasion, appoint one or more fit Person or Persons to attend in any Court or Courts, Office or Offices in Ireland; which Person or Persona- shall have full. Power and Authority to insped and examine the Vellum, Parchment, and Paper upon which any of the Matters or Things aforesaid have been or shall be engrossed, or written, or put, and aflo the Marks or Stamps thereupon, and also all other Matters and Things tending to secure the Duties arising by this Act, or by any former Act whereby any Duties were granted upon stamptd Vellum, Parchment, and Paper in Ireland; and

that the Judges in the several Courts in Ireland, and such others to whom it may appertain, at the Request of - the said Commissioners, or of any of them, shall make such Orders in their respective Courts, and do such other Matters and Things for the better securing of the said Duties, as shall be lawfully and reasonably desired in that Behalf.

XXXV. 1 And, for the better Distribution of stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper within Ireland\ and

that aH Persona may have the same with Convenience, and at an easy Rate, ' be it enacted, That the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, shall, once in every Year at leafty let the Prices at which all Sorts of stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper shall be sold; and the said Commissioners for managing the said Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall (lamp the Prices so set upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, and on every Piece and Sheet of Paper so by them to be sold; and that the said Commissioners shall take special Care that the several Parts of Ireland, from Time to Time, he sufficiently furnished with such Vellum, Parchment, and Paper stamped or marked as aforesaid, so that all Persons may have it in their Election to buy the same of the Officers or Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners at the usual Rates above the said Duty, or to bring their own Vellum, Parchment, and Paper to be stamped as aforesaid, or to furoifh themselves from others who shall have done the fame, and shall under this Act be entitled to utter or sell the same.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That any Shopkeeper or Shopkeepers, Dealer or Dealers, or other Person or Persons who shall for his, her, or their own sole Use, purchase at the Head Office in the City of Dublin any Quantity of Paper stamped for Receipts, and shall at the Time of purchasing such stamped Paper write or came to be written or printed thereon, these Word*:

T or wc, {here inserting the Name or Names or Firm of the Person or Persons for whole Use such Paper shall be

ft intended to beufecT] do hereby acknowledge, That I, or we, {as the Case may be J have received

shall have an Allowance thereon after the Rate of fifteen Pounds per Gentnm % if the Quantity so purchased at one Time shall amount to the Value of five Pounds, and not exceed fifteen Pounds; and after the Rate of twenty Pounds per Centum} if the Quantity so purchased at one Time shall amount to fifteen: Pounds or, upwards- -

XXXVII.

lecting'to bring them.to be stamped, iol. Assignment of Bail Bond, Ac, may be without Stamp, if stamped before Act'wn.

Commissioners may stamp Instruments executed out of Ireland,

Court of Justice and Judges to lake judicial' Notice of Stamps.

Instruments executed on higher Stamps vaJid.

Commissioners shall appoint a Person to attend Courts and iii-spedt Stamps, &c.

Judges, &c. shall make Orders for securing the Duties

Prices of stamped Vellum, Ac* to be set yearly, and stamped on every Skin,

5c c,

and Care taken to distribute Stamps,

Allowances to

Porcbafers ot Receipt Stamps at.Head Office for their ow« Ufa.

686 i

Allowanced'*

3 }>er cent, for ready Money, &c.

Only Pi insert

f<c. tllowcrl D-frount; h-rr »n, except on Atfidav u

Allowance of 10 per qent. on Stamps in Schedule

No Person shall fell Stamps without Licence from Coramil-timers.

Commissioners emitovreted to examine Sumpl rn Pr^THtionjof such licettfod ferfims.

c. 21. 43° GEORGII 'III.' A.D. 1803.

XXXVII. And be it further eitafted, That the said Comrfiffifcheto fcf Stamp Dirties tha4riik^jrf^altm^ and pay to every Person who shall bring YeHum* FWhment, or Paper to the said Head Office tb»be stamped ia pursuance of this Act, the Duties whereof shall amount to the Sum of twenty Pounds or upwards (Cave Vellum, Parchment, and Papty*fb't>er (lumped with the Duty of fifty Pounds or upwards in the said Schedules mentioned), after the Rate of three Pounds for every one hundred Pounds upon promfpt Payment of the said Duty, upon such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper so by them brought; and that any Person or Persons who shall buy any Parchment or Paper at the Head Office for damping the fame, the Duty-whereof shall amount to the like Sum of twenty Pounds or upwards, save as aforesaid, shall have the same Allowance upon prompt Payment.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nd Person shall he entitled to such Allowance of three Pounds per Centum, save Printers and Publishers of Newspapers and Almanack-makers, as to the Duties payable on such Papers and Almanacks by virtue of this Act, unless an Affidavit shall be sworn beforp one of the said Commissioners, and lodged in the said Office, that the Vellum, Parchment, and Paper upon -which such Allowance is to be made, is intended to be vended by Retail, fair and without act, Writing thereon, and by the Person making such Affidavit for his own foie Ule and Benefit, and that he or she never did nor never will fell any forged or counterfeited Stamps, knowing or believing them to he such: And provided aHo, that no Attorney, Publick Notary, or Scrivener, or their or any of their Clerks, shall be entitled to any such Allowance as aforesaid.

XXXIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That any Person who shall purchase and pay; ft>r<at the Distributor*3 Office in Dublin, or at the Office of any Distributor of Stamps in Ireland\ to the Value of three Pounds and upwards, of Paper stamped with any of the Duties mentioned in the Schedule B. hereunto annexed and printed with the Forms of Summonses, Processes, Civil Bills, Copies of Summonses, Processes, or Civil Bills, Decrees, Dismisses, Affirmations, Renewals, or Recognizances mentioned in the said Schedule, shall be allowed by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties at the Rate of ten Pounds* Centum for every such Sum or Sums to be paid as aforesaid clear of all Charges for Paper or printing, it being the true Intent and Meaning of this Act that there should be a Net Profit of ten Pounds per Centum for every such Purchaser.

XL. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three, no Person or Persons shall utter, vend, or sell in the City of DMiny or within twelve Miles thereof; nor shall any Person or Persons from and after the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and three, vend or sell in any Part of Ireland, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper stamped with any of the Duties by this or any former Act directed* without having first obtained from the said Commissioners of Stamps, or from any one or more of them, a Licence for that Purpose; and that any Person or Persons who shall apply for such Licence shall make an Affidavit, or if a Quaker make an Affirmation, before a Magistrate of the County, or County of the City or Town in which he, she, or they shall reside, that he, she, or they never did, and never will fell any forged Stamp, knowing or believing the same to be such; and every such Magistrate is hereby empowered and directed to administer inch Oath or Affirmation, and on producing and depositing such Affidavit or Affirmation at the Head Office in Dublin^ the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, if they or he shall think proper, may grant such Licence to any Person or Persons so applying for the fame, and having so made such Oath or Affirmation; which Licence shall continue in force for seven Years, if the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so granted, or the Survivor of them, if more than one, shall live so long, and unless the same shall be sooner revoked by the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, by Notice in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands; which Notice the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, are and is hereby empowered to give, at their or his Will and Pleasure; and if any Person or Persons shall without having obtained such Licence, or after the same shall have so expired, or been so revoked, utter, vend, or sell any such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper so stamped, every such Person shall, for any such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds; Provided always, that if such Person or Persons shall, at the Time of deceiving such Notice revoking such Licence, have in his, her, or their Possession any Quantity of such damped Vellniti, Parchment, or Paper, and shall within one Month next after the Service of such. Notice, carry the same to the nearest Distributorof Stamps, such Distribuforffiall receive the same, and shall pay for the same the full Valne thereof, (deducting therebut such per Centagb, if any, as such Person shall have been allowed for such Stamps at the Head Office), on such Person or Persons producing such Notice, and making Oath before such Distvi-butor that the same was in the Possession of the Person or Persons so making such Oath for the Purpose of Sale at the Time when such Person or Persons received the said Notice; which Oath such Distributor is hereby required and empowered to administer; and such Distributor shall in his or her accounting for the Stamps so received, be allowed in his or her Account the Sum so paid for the same; and such Stamps' io his or her Hands shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be considered as received by him or her from the Head Office in Dublin.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Comraiffioriers, or any one or more of them, as often as it shall seem fit to him or them so to do, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to authorize any Person or Persons with the Abidance of a Magistrate, or any Peace Officer, in the Day Tipnd to enter into the House of any Person licensed to fell Stamps as>foresaid, and to search for, inspect, and examine such stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper as shall be. in the House of such Person, in order to fee whether the same be forged Stamps or not; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person and Persons so authorized as aforesaid, with the Assistance of a Magistrate or Peace Officer, in the Day Time, to enter into the House or Houses of such Person or Persons so as aforelaiil to be licensed to fell Stamps, and to search for, view, inspect, and examine all such (laixiped Vellum, Parchment, and* Paper as shall be in the Hoyfe of such Person, for the Piuposes aforesaid; and in, case the said Slamps^or any of diegi, shall appear to be counterfeit or forged, then and in that CAfe to seize and carry away the fame,

C. 21

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III.

681

XLII. And be it farther enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times hereafter, counterfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Type, Mark, or Stamp, to resemble any Type, Mark, or Stamp, already kept or used, or hereafter to be kept or used at the Head Office of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Dublin, for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or other Matter directed to be stamped with any of the Duties by this Act charged thereon; or if any Person or Persons, save and except such Person or Persons as shall be lawfully entitled to have and use the same for the Purpose of (lamping. Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, in pursuance of this Act, shall have in his, her, or their Possession, any Type, Die, Mark, or Stamp to resemble any Type, Die, Mark, or Stamp, already kept or used, or hereafter to be kept or used at the said Head Office for denoting, charging, or marking on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or other Matter directed to be stamped, any of the Duties by this Act charged thereon; or shall counterfeit, mark, or impress on, or cause or procure to be counterfeited, marked, or impressed on any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, any Mark or Device used or kept at the Head Office aforesaid, for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or other Matter or Thing directed to be stamped, any of the Duties by this Act charged thereon; or shall utter, vend, or sell, or cause to be uttered, vended, or fold, or shall have in his or her Possession, with intent to sell the same, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with any counterfeit Device, Mark, or Impression thereupon, to resemble any Mark or Device used or kept at the Head Office aforesaid, £or the Purposes aforesaid, knowing such Device, Mark, or Impression to be counterfeited; then and in any of the said Cases, every such Person so offending and being thereof duly convi6led, shall, for every such Offence, be adjudged to suffer, and shall accordingly suffer such Punishment by Fine, Imprisonment, Pillory, and other corporal Punishment, or by any or either of the said Punishments as shall be adjudged by the Coart before whom such Person shall be tried, such Imprisonment not to exceed iix Months.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Clerk, Officer, or Person, who in respect of any publick Office or Employment in Ireland, is or shall be authorized or entrusted to make, engross, or write, any Record, Deed, Instrument, or writing, by this Act charged, to pay a Duty as aforesaid, shall be wilfully guilty of any Practice to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any Duty by this Act payable, by making, engrossing, or writing any such Record, Deed, Instrument, or Writing, or by causing the same to be made, engrolTcd, or written upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, not marked or stamped according to this Act; or upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper marked or stamped with any Mark or Stamp which he shall know to be counterfeited, or by wilfully engrossing or writing any such Deed, Instrument, or other Writing upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, damped or marked for a lower Duty than the Duty payable by this Act upon the fame, then every such Clerk, Officer, or Person so guilty of any such Fraud or Practice, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall forfeit his Office, Place, or Employment respectively, and be disabled to hold or enjoy the same for the future; and if any Attorney belonging to any Court shall be wilfully guilty of any such Fraud or Practice as aforesaid, and be convicted thereof, he shall be disabled for the future to practise as an Attorney.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Writings, Matters, and Things, in respect whereof any of the said Duties shall be payable, shall be written in such Manner that some Part thereof mall be written on the Stamps or Marks which shall in pursuance of this Act be placed on the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper; and such Writing shall, from thence be so continued in the usual Form of writing or ingrossing Deeds or Writings, so that no Blank Space shall be left whereby such Stamps might be made applicable to any other Deed or Instrument whatever, upon Pain that the Person who shall write or engross, or cause to be written or engrossed, any such Writing, Matter, or Thing, contrary to the true Meaning hereof, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds.

XLV. And, for the better collecting and securing the Duties hereby charged on Pamphlets/ be it further enacted, That one printed Copy of every Pamphlet, which shall be printed or published within the City of Dublin, shall, within the Space of six Days after the printing thereof, be brought to the said Head Office in DubTtn, and the Title thereof, with the Number of Sheets contained therein, and the Duty hereby charged thereon, shall be registered or entered in a Book, to be there kept for that Purpose; which Duty shall be thereupon paid to the proper Officer or Officers appointed to receive the same, or his or their Deputy or Clerk, who shall thereupon give a Receipt for the same on such printed Copy, to denote the Payment of the Duty hereby charged on such Pamphlet; and that one printed Copy of every such Pamphlet that shall be printed or

fublished in any Place in Ireland, not being within the City of Dublin, shall, within the Space of fourteen )ays after the printing thereof, be brought to some Head Distributor or Collector of the Stamp Duties, who is hereby required forthwith to enter the Title thereof, with the Number of Sheets contained therein, and the Duty hereby charged thereon, in a Book to be by him kept for that Purpose 5 which Duty shall be thereupon paid to such Distributor or Collector, who shall give a Receipt for the same on such printed Copy.

XLVI. And be it further eua6led, That if any such Pamphlet shall be printed or published as aforesaid, and the Duty hereby charged thereon shall not be duly paid as aforesaid within the respective Times aforesaid, then the Printer or Publisher, and all and every other Person or Persons concerned in and about the printing or publishing of such Pamphlet, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and the Author, Printer, and Publisher of such Pamphlet, shall forfeit andlofe all Copy Right therein.

XLVII. And be it farther enacted, That on the Trials of Actions, Informations, or Suits, for Recovery of the aforesaid Penalty for Nonpayment of the aforesaid Duty, within the respective Times aforesaid, the Proof of the Payment of the said Duty shall lie upon the Printer or Publisher of such Pamphlet.

43 Geo. III. 4 S XLV 111. And

Counterfeiting or forging any Stamp, or causing it, or vending tacit Ac.

Punishable by Fine, Imprisonment, Pillory, &c.

Officer authorized to write Maifers charged with Duty, if guilty of Fraud, dilab led.

Attorney guilty,

likewise

disabled.

All Writings, &c. shall be near to and 0* the Stamps.

Penalty toU

One Copy of each Pamphlet printed in Dublin shall be brought to Head Office in fil D.y»j

and eUewhere, to Head Distributor, &c. in 14 Day*, &c.

If Duty be not paid for such Pamphlet, Penalty tool and Forfeiture of Copyright.

Proof of Payment to lie on Printer, &c.

C. 21

43« GEORGII IN. A.D. 1803.

All Books fenr-ing for Almanacks, &c. to be charged with Duty.

Almanacks of more than one Sheet.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That all Books and Pamphlets fenring chiefly for the Purpose of an Alma* nack, or a Directory* by whatever Name or Names intitled or described, are and shall be charged with the Duty imposed by this Act on Almanacks and Directories, but not with any of the Duties charged by this Act on Pamphlets, or any other printed Papers, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and that where any Almanack shall contain more than one Sheet or Piece of Paper, it shall be sufficient to stamp one of the Pieces of Paper upon which such Almanack shall be printed, and to pay the Duty accordingly.

Printing or felling Almanack, &c. not stamp-d. Penalty, 51.

Proprietor! of Pamphlet! and Newspa-perj shall put their Name! thereto. Penalty 10l.

Printer!, or their Trustees, shall give in Affidavit, &c. when required by Commissionert.

Neglecting to give in Affidavit, Penalty 100). Ac.

Commissioners and Distributori shall lake Affidavits without Fee.

Penalty for swearing falsely.

b XLIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, if any Person or Persons shall print, publish, fell, hawk, carry about, utter, or expose to sale, any Almanack or Calendar, or Dublin Directory, or any Book, Pamphlet, or Paper deemed or construed to be, or serving the Purpose of any Almanack, Dublin Directory, or daily Account of Goods imported and exported (except as before is excepted), within the Intention or Meaning of this Act, not being marked or stamped as by this Act is directed, every such Person shall, for every Almanack, Calendar, Dublin Directory, Book, Pamphlet, or Paper so printed, published, fold, hawked, carried about, uttered, or exposed to Sale, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds; which Penalty shall be to the sole Use and Benefit of tie Person or Persons who shall, without Fraud or Covin, first sue for the same.

L. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall sell or expose to Sale in Ireland\ any Pamphlet or Newspaper, or any Paper serving the Purpose of a Newspaper, without the true Name and Surname, or Names and Surnames, and Place or Places of Abode, of feme known Person or Persons by or for whom the feme shall have been or shall be really and truly printed or published, being written or printed thereon, upon Pain that every Person offending herein shall forfeit for every Offence the Sum of ten Pounds; and that on all Trials of Actions, Informations, or Suits for Recovery of the said last mentioned Penalty, the Proof that the true Name and Surname, or true Names and Surnames, and Place or Places of Abode of some known Person or Persons, by or for whom such Pamphlet or Newspaper shall have been really and truly printed or publishedf was or were written or printed thereon, shall lie upon the Defendant in such Action, Information, or Suit.

LI. And be it further enacted, That, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, every Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor, of any Newspaper, Intelligencer, or Occurrenccr, or any Paper serving the Purposes of a Newspaper, Intelligencer, or Occurrences whether for himself or in Trull for any Bankrupt, Lunatick, or other Person, shall, as often as the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or any of them, shall by Notice in Writing or otherwise require the fame, within ten Days after being so required, give in to the said Commissioners at their Head Office, or to the proper Officers at their respective Offices where stamped Paper shall be distributed, neared to the Place where such Paper shall be printed or published, such Affidavit, a ad of such Import, as Printers, Publishers, or Proprietors of Newspapers, are or shall by any Law or Laws be directed to make; which Affidavit or Affidavits shall remain with such Commissioners of Stamps or Officers, to be produced in Manner herein after mentioned as often as Occasion may require; and every Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor of any Newspaper, Intelligencer, or Occurrencer in Ireland, whether for himself or in Trust for any Bankrupt, Lunatick, or* other Person, who shall, when required thereto as aforesaid, neglect or omit to give in such Affidavit, within the Time and at the Places aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, Neglect, or Omission, pay a Penalty of one hundred Pounds, and shall be disabled from receiving any Stamps for printing such Newspapv'rs upon, and shall be deemed and taken as if he, she, or they never had been qualified to print or publish any Newspaper, until he, she, or they shall make and deliver in such Affidavit as aforesaid.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any of the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or for such other Officer or Officers by them appointed for the Distribution of stamped Paper as aforesaid, to take such Affidavit and Affidavits as aforesaid, which Affidavit or Affidavits shall be so made and taken without Fee or Reward; and if any Person shall wilfully swear any such Affidavit or Affidavits, and that the fame, or any Part thereof, shall contain a Falsehood, every such Person so swearing any such Affidavit or Affidavits may be indicted for wilful and corrupt Perjury therein, and shall, upon due Conviction of such Offence, incur and suffer such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, as Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are by Law liable and subject to.

Affidavits shall be conclusive Evidence against the Parties.

One Copy of

Newspaper, Sec, printed in Dublin shall be left at Stamp Office on fallowing Day, between 12 and 2

LXII. And be it further enacted, That such Affidavit shall be produced as Occasion may require at or before the Trial of all such Actions, Suits, Prosecutions, Informations, or Indictments, as shall be had or commenced, filed or found, touching such Newspaper, or any Publication therein contained, and such Affidavit or Affidavits shall on every such Trial be received and admitted against all and every the Person and Persons who shall have so signed andfwom the fame, as conclusive Evidence of all such Matters therein as shall be by Law required to be therein contained, and also of the continuance of all such Matters in the same Plight and Condition to the Time in question on such Trial, unless it shall be proved that previous to such Time such Person or Persons became Lunatick, or served a Notice in Writing at the Office where such Affidavit was sworn of any of the said Matters therein being changed, or unless it shall appear that previous to such Time a nevr Affidavit of the same or a similar Nature was made concerning the lame Newspaper, in which the Person or Persons fought to be affected on such Trial did not join.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That every Printer or Publisher of a Newspaper, or daily Account of Goods imported or exported (except as is before excepted), printed or published in the City of Dublin, or County ox Dublin, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year One thousand eight hundred and three, shall, on every Day of Publication thereof, or on the Day next following, between the Hours of twelve and two on each Day, cause to be delivered to the Register of Pamphlets, or to such other Person as

shall

L

A.D. 1803.

43 GEORGII III.

C. 21.

683

In other Placet, two Copies to the Distributor of Stamps.

To he paid for, and shall be Evidence against the Pi inter of unstamped Papers of the same Title, &c.

shall be appointed to act as Register, in the Office of such Rrgifter or Person in the Stamp Office In the City of Dublin, one Impression or Copy of the Newspaper so printed or published, with his or her Name written thereon after the same shall be printed, by his or her own proper Hand Writing, in his or her accustomed Manner of signing the fame; and every Printer or Publisher of a Newspaper, printed or published during the Time aforesaid in any other Place in Ireland, shall, on the Day of the Publication of such Newspaper, or on the Day following in like Manner, between the flours of twelve and two of the Clock, cause to be delivered to the next Distributor of Stamps, in the County in which such Newspaper shall be printed or published, two Impressions or Copies of every such Newspaper so printed or published, with his or her Name written thereon after the same shall be printed, by his or her proper Hand, in his or her accustomed Manner of signing the fame, for which several Copies or Impressions so delivered, the respective Printers or Publishers thereof shall be paid the usual and current Prices of such ImprefTions or Copies; which said several Copies or Impressions so delivered as aforesaid shall be, and they are hereby declared to be, Evidence against the several Proprietors, Publishers, and Printers of such Newspapers respectively, in all Complaints, Suits, Actions, Indictments, Informations, and Prosecutions, to be commenced and carried on, as well touching such Newspapers respectively as every Matter and Thing therein contained, and touching any other Newspaper, and any or every Matter and Thing therein contained which shall be of the same Title, Purport, or Effect, with such Impression or Copy so delivered as aforesaid, although the same should vary in some Instances; and the Printers and Publishers, and Proprietors of the Impressions or Copies so delivered as aforesaid, shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be deemed Printers,

Publishers, or Proprietors respectively, of all Newspapers which shall be of the same Title, Purport, or Effect, with such Copies or Impressions so delivered as aforesaid, unless such Printers or Proprietors respectively shall prove that such Newspapers respectively were not printed or published by them respectively, or by or with their Knowledge, Privity, or Direction; and every' Printer, Proprietor, or Publisher of such Newspaper or Newspapers, or daily Account of Goods imported and exported, (except as before excepted, ) who shall neglect or omit to deliver, or cause to be delivered such Copies or Impressions, or Copy or Impression, signed as aforesaid as herein-before directed, shall for every such Omission, pay'a Penalty of one hundred Pounds.

LV. And whereas many Printers and Publishers of Newspapers strike off a second Publication or Impression, containing more Advertisements or other Matter than are contained in the Copy given in at the Head

Office as aforesaid, or to the Distributor if in the Country, by which Means the Duty hereby granted may be

evaded, and other Mischiefs and Inconveniences arise / be it therefore enacted, That any Printer or Publisher in Ireland\ who shall vary' any of the Daily Publications, or publish the same without giving in, in Manner aforesaid, a Copy of such second Impression, signed as aforesaid, if in Dublin, to the Head Office as aforesaid, or if in the Country, without giving in, in Manner aforesaid, two Copies to the Distributor of Stamps, signed as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and every such second or other varied Impression shall be deemed to be undamped, and the Printer and Publisher thereof, shall be liable to all such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as if the same were undamped.

LVI. And, for the Purpose of facilitating the Proof of such Offences respectively/ be it enacted, That upon all Trials of Actions, Informations, or Suits, for any of the said Offences, any Newspaper of the same Title, as that for which the Defendant in any such Action, Information, or Suit shall be regidered at the Stamp Office as Printer, Proprietor, or Publisher, shall be sufficient Evidence, that such Paper was printed and published by such Person or Persons so regidered, unless the Defendant in such Action, Information, or Suit, shall shew the contrary by satisfactory Evidence; and further, that upon all such Trials, the Proof of the Defendant or Defendants therein, having given in, in Manner aforesaid, a Copy' of such Impression signed as aforesaid, if in Dublin, to the Head Office as aforesaid, or if in the Country, two Copies to the Distributor of Stamps, signed as aforesaid, shall lie upon such Defendant or Defendants.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if the Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor of any Newspaper, or Paper serving the Purpose of a Newspaper in Ireland\ upon any Trial in any Complaint, Suit, Action, Indictment, Information, or Prosecution, to be commenced or carried on, touching such Newspaper, shall not admit that the Impression or Copy of the Paper left at the Stamp Office in the City of Dublin, or with the Distributor of Stamps in the County in which such Newspaper shall be printed or published, was printed or published by him, then and in such Case, any Copy' or Impression which shall have been left at the Stamp Office in the City of Dublin, or with the Distributor of Stamps in the County wherein such Newspaper shall be printed, at the Times herein-before directed, shall be conddered as printed and published by him, though the same shall not appear to be duly signed in his Hand Writing, and though it shall not appear by whom the same was foleft, unless he shall prove that he left or caused to be left at the Time by this Act required, a printed Copy or Impression, or two printed Copies or Impressions, of the Paper published by him, with the Office or Person with whom he is by this Act directed to leave the fame, with his Name written thereon, in hi^ own Hand Writing, in the Manner directed by this Act.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Printer or Publisher of any Newspaper. or other Paper serving the Purposes of a Newspaper in Ireland, shall be by due Course of Law, outlawed for any Criminal Offence, or shall receive Judgment for printing or publishing a traitorous or seditious Libel, the said Commissioners and their Officers for distributing damped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper respectively, are hereby prohibited to fell and deliver to or for the Use of any such Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor so outlawed, or who shall have so received Judgment for such Libel, any stamped Paper for printing any Newspaper.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Printer of any Newspaper shall leave Ireland\ and continue Printer! of absent therefrom for the Space of ten Days; or if any Publisher or Proprietor of any such Newspaper fha leave Newspapert ab-Ireland, and continue absent therefrom for the Space of three Months; or if any Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor of ^Pro^ie* V such Newspaper shall have become a Bankrupt, or non compos mentii} or shall be outlawed for any Crime, or shall

4S2 receive Mouibt, or

Omitting to deliver Copies. Penalty xool*

Printing a second Irnpreflioa of a Newspaper if altered, without giving Copy, Penalty tool.

Production of Newspaper sufficient Evidence, ffee*

Paper left at the Stamp Office shall be Proof against Printer, though un-signed, unless he prove; that he left one with hit Namewrit-ten by him.

No stamped Paper shall be delivered to Printer! outlawed, Itc.

684

Bankrupts, Lunatics, Outlaws, &c. shall lose Title to priut, &c.

Printer, &c. shall make Affidavit, within 10 Days after Notice, that he has not been out of the kingdom, &c. or be conflicted absent, &c.

Not to prevent Assignees, &c. from printing, &c.

Service of Pro-cess at Printing-office good.

Buying, felling, &c. unstamped Newspapers, Penalty 10L each.

Penalty on Printer, &c. 20l.

Printers, &c. of Newspapers,

Ac. having un-lUmpcd Paper printed, shall be liable to all Penalties, &c.

Commissioners may make Regulations for Allowance of Duty.

Duty on Adver-lisements to be paid in 30 Days,

Allowance.

Treble Duty in Default of Payment;

and no Defaulters shall have Stamps for Newspapers.

C. a 1.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

receive Judgment for printing or publishing any traitorous or seditious Libel, that then and in every such such Case, such Printer or Printers, Publisher or Publishers, Proprietor or Proprietors respectively, shall no longer be entitled to print or publish such Newspaper, but shall as to any such Right, be considered as if he or they never had made such Affidavit as aforesaid.

LX. And be it further enacted, That any Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor of any Newspaper shall, by the said Commissioners, be considered as having left Ireland, who shall not, within ten Days after Notice in Writing or otherwise given or served in the Name of the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, at the Office where such Newspaper shall be printed or published, requiring him, her, or them to make Affidavit of the Place or Places of his, her, or their then Residence or Dwelling, make before and deposit with one of the said Commissioners, or before a Distributor in the Country, appointed or to be appointed by the said Commissioners for distributing stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper in the Country, which Affidavit the said Commissioners or Distributors respectively are hereby authorized to take, that such Printer has not been absent from Ireland ten Days together from the Time at which he, she, or they became Printer; and that such Publisher and Proprietor have or has not been absent from Ireland three Months together from the Time he, she, or they became Publisher or Proprietor of such Newspaper, andfetting out the Place of the then Residence and usual Dwelling of such Printer, Publisher, and Proprietor.

LXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to prevent the Assignees of any Bankrupt or Bankrupts, or the Committee or Committees of any Lunatick, or other Person, from printing or publishing such Newspaper, upon making the Affidavit and entering into the Recognizance by Law required, that they are the Printers and Publishers of such Newspapers respectively in Trull for the Efte&s of such Bankrupt, Lunatick, or other Person respectively.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That the leaving or Service of any legal Process in any Suit to be brought against any Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor of any Newspaper or Pamphlet in Ireland, for the Purpose of recovering any Debt-or Penalty under this Act, at the Printing Office or Place where such Newspapers or Pamphlets are usually and respectively printed or published, shall be deemed and considered, to all Intents and Purposes, good Service of such Process.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall buy "or fell, or have or keep in his, her, or their Possession, in Ireland, any undamped Newspaper after the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year One thousand eight hundred and three, shall be subject and liable to the Penalty of ten Pounds for every undamped Newspaper so bought or sold orfo found in his, her, or their Possession; and every Printer, Proprietor, or Publisher of any undamped Newspaper or daily Account, or Paper serving the Purpose of a Newspaper, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds for every Paper so undamped which he or she shall print or publish, or cause to be printed or published.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor of a Newspaper, Intelligencer, or Occurrencer, or any Paper serving the Purposes of such, shall have in his, her, or their Possession, in /re-Tandy such Paper not duly damped, or if such Paper shall be found in the House, Office, or Printing-Office of such Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor, printed, or in Part printed, upon undamped Paper, such Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor shall be subject and liable to all the Penalties and Forfeitures, by this or any other Act in force in Ireland, imposed upon Printers, Publishers, or Proprietors, for printing or publishing such Newspapers as aforesaid upon undamped Paper.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland, or any of them* shall have full Power from Time to Time, to make such Rules and Orders for regulating the Methods and limiting the Times for all and every such Allowance of Duty as aforesaid with respect to Almanacks and Dublin Directories, and other Matters, as they shall, upon Experience and Consideration of the several Circumstances, find necessary and convenient for effectually securing the Duties thereon, and doing Justice to the Person* concerned therein.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall print or publish in Ireland, any Advertisement or Advertisementsin any Pamphlet, Newspaper, or other literary Performance, shall, within the Space of thirty Days next after the last Day of each Month, if such AdvertisementorAdvertisements shall be printed or published within the City of Dublin, pay or cause to be paid the Duty or Duties thereon hereby charged to the respective Persons appointed to receive the same, or to their respective Deputies or Clerks; and if printed and published in any Part of Ireland out of the limits of the City of Dublin, then to the next adjacent Head Officer, for the Time being, appointed for the Collection of the said Stamp Duties j and the said Commissioners and Officers, or such of them to whom it shall appertain, are hereby required, upon Payment of the Duties hereby charged on such Advertisements, to give a Receipt or Receipts for the Duty or Duties so paid; and upon Payment thereof in the Manner and within the Time herein-before for that Purpose limited, the said Commissioners or their Officers receiving the fame, shall make to the Person or Persons paying the fame, out of the Sums so to be paid, an Allowance at the Rate of five Pounds for every hundred Pounds; and in Default of such Payment, within the Time herein-before for that Purpose limited, the Printer or Publisher of every such Advertisement shall be liable to pay treble the Duties herein-before by this Act chargeable thereupon, to be recovered with full Cods of Suit; and if any Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor of a Newspaper, orother Paper serving the Purposes of a Newspaper, shall, within the Time herein-before limited for Payment thereof, neglect to pay the Duties hereby charged on Advertisements, the said Commissioners and their Officers for distributing Vellum, Paper, and Parchment respectively are hereby prohibited to fell and deliver to or for the Use of such Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor, any stamped Paper for printing any Newspaper upon, until such Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor so in Arrear, shall have paid and discharged all Arrears of Advertisement Duty, to the Payment of which he was subject, up to and for the last Day of the Mouth next preceding the Month in which such Payment shall be made. 2

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 21.

68 5

Security for Duty on Advertisement

Stamped Paper.not to be delivered

without Such Security.

Printing Materials liable to Duty on Advertisements.

LXVII. Andbc it further enacted, That no Printer, or other Person or Persons, shall, after the passing of this Act, publish in Ireland any Newspaper, or any Paper Serving the Purpose of a Newspaper unless he, she, or they, together with the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Paper and together with two Sufficient Sureties, shall, previous thereto, have entered into Security by Bond, in a Sum not exceeding three hundred Pounds, nor less than two hundred Pounds, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, conditioned for the Payment of the Duty upon all Advertisements which shall be printed therein; upon Pain that every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds; and that no Officer appointed for distributing Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, in Ireland, shall fell or deliver any stamped Paper for printing any publick Newspaper, Intelligencer, or Occurrcncer, to any Person, unless such Person shall have previously given such Security for the Payment of the said Duties.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Materials and Utensils for printing, used in and kept at or belonging to any Printing-House in Ireland, in which any Newspaper, or any Paper Terving the Purpose of a Newspaper as aforesaid, hath been or shall be printed, into whose Hands soever the same shall have come, or shall come, or by whatsoever Conveyance or Title the same shall be claimed, shall be in the first Place liable and subject to, and are hereby charged with, all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as shall have become due for the Duty by this or any former Act of Parliament charged on Advertisement which have been or shall be printed or published in such Newspaper or other Paper as aforesaid, and as shall be due for Fine or Penalties adjudged against the Printer or Printers, Publisher or Publishers, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Newspaper, under and by virtue of this Act, during such Time as such Materials or Utensils shall have belonged, or bee* used in, or kept at such Printing-House as aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful in all Cases to levy such Sum and Sums of Money upon such Material and Utensils, in like Manner a if the Printer or Printers of such Newspaper or other Paper as aforesaid, were the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Materials and Utensils at the Time of levying the same.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Person or Person who is or are, or shall be entitled to obtain from the said Commissioner of Stamps in Ireland, or their Officers, stamped Paper for the printing of any Newspaper or other Paper aforesaid, of which he, she, or they is, are, or shall be Printer or printers, Publisher or Publishers, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall furnish or supply any other Person or Person*

with any such damped Paper, every such Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit mnA , #rfrtna Sum of one hundred Pounds Irish Currency; and if any Person or rerson shall make use of any damped Paper for the printing of any Newspaper or other Paper a aforesaid, which he or she, or they, shall receive or be4ur-nished with by any other Person or Persons than the said Commissioner of Stamps in Ireland, or their Officer or Distributor, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum of one hundred Pound Irish Currency.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, no Person or Person shall keep any Printing Press or Types for printing in Ireland, without fird taking out a Licence for that Purpose from the said Commissioner of Stamp Duties; and that fro n and immediately after the passing of this Act, and from thenceforth as often as they shall be applied to, the said Commissioners for the Time being, or any one or more of them, shall, under their Hand and Seals, or Hand and Seal, grant such Licence forkeeping PrintingPrcffcs or Types, to such Person or Persons who shall apply for the famer and who shall have performed the Requisites which shall by any Law then in Force in Ireland, be necessary to be performed 5 which Licence shall date the House where such Presses or Types are to be used; and every Person or Person who shall keep or use a Printing Pres or Types for printing, without having obtained such Licence, shall forfeit such Printing Press and Type, and the Sum of one hundred Pound Irish currency.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That, from the said twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, no Person or Persons shall, at any Time either publickly or privately, insure or open or keep any Office in Irelandf for insuring Houses, Furniture, Good, Wares, Merchandize, or other Property, from Loss by Fire, or for insuring Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from the Danger of the Sea or other Perils at Sea, or for insuring any Life or Lives, without having fird taken out, and annually continued to take out a License for that Purpose, from the said C<*nmissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, in Manner herein after mentioned, and having such Licence in Force at the Time of making such Insurance, or opening or keeping such Office.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and immediately after the said twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties in Ireland for the Time being, or any one of them, shall, under their Hands and Seals, or under his Hand and Seal, annually grant a Licence for insuring House, Furniture, Good, Ware, Merchandize, or other Property, from Loss by Fire, and also for insuring Good, Ware, or Merchandize, from the Danger of the Seas or other Perils at Sea, and also for insuring any Life or Live, to alland every Body and Bodies Politick or Corporate, or other Person or Person applying for the fame; which Licence shall set forth the Name or Names, and other Description of the Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Person or Persons taking out the fame; and also the principal House or other Place where such Business of insuring House, Furniture, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, or other Pro-

?erty, from Loss by Fire, or of insuring Goods, Wares, or Merchandize from the Danger of the Seas or other 'crils at Sea, or 01 insuring any Life or Lives, shall at the Time of taking out such Licence, be principally carried on by the Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or other Person or Persons taking out the same.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That where such Business of insuring is or shall be carried on by a Company confiding of a greater Number of Partners than four, the Licence so to be granted by the said Commissioners, or any of them, in Manner aforesaid, shall be granted to such two or more of each Company or Partners, as and for the whole Company or Partnership, as shall be named to the said Cc/mmissioners under Authority from such Company or Partnership; and in every such Case the Licence so granted shall continue in full Force for the Benefit of such Partnership until the regular Time of Expiration thereof hereafter mentioned, not-with Handing the Death of the Person to whom such Licence shall be so granted.

Penalty on Printers furnishing others with

and on Person Printing, &c. on Stamps not received from Commissioner.

Commissioner* may grant Licences for keeping Printing* PrelTes.

Penalty for keeping or use-ing Preflbs without Licence, Forfeiture, tool Ac.

Persons insuring Houses or Ships or on Lives,

(h i.i take out

Licence.

Commissioners to grant such Licence.

When more than four Partners,

a.ited to any two.

686

Penalty on Per-lont insuring without Licence, 50l. per Day, and double the Premiums.

Penalty on Agents for any Insurance Company not licenced, jool.

Persons to whom such Licences shall be granted shall give Security.

Person* granting Policies of Insurance, shall receive the Duly, &c.

Proportionable Abatement of Duty, on taking out a new Policy.

No Policy on Ships shall be made for longer than a Year.

An act.\ccount to be kept of the Number and Particulars of Policies lifued, &c.

To be inspected.

Persons so li« cen fed shall

C. 21. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, and Body and Bodies Politick or Corporate, who now do or hereafter shall insure, or set up, or keep in Ireland, any Office for inluring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Property from Loss by Fire; or for insuring Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from the Dangers of the Seas or other Perils at Sea 5 or-for insuring any Life or Lives, without such Licence as aforesaid, or in any other House or Place, except the House or Place to be named in such Licence as aforesaid, or such other House or Houses, Place or Places, as shall be subordinate to the House or Place so to be named in such Licence, and be kept by some Person or Persons employed as Agent or Agents to such Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or other Person or Persons having such Licence as aforesaid, or in any other Manner contrary to such Licence, or to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall forfeit for every Day on which such Offence shall be committed, the Sum of fifty Pounds; and also double the Amount of the Premiums or Premium of Insurance, which such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons, shall receive on any such Day.

LXXV. And, for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds to evade the Duty on Insurance against Loss by Fire, or from the Danger of the Seas or other Perils at Sea, or on Insurances on any List or Lives, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in Ireland, shall act as Agent or Agents for any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, in publickly or privately insuring or receiving Subscriptions for insuring, or delivering o<ut Policies or Receipts for Insurance from Loss by Fire, or from the Danger of the Seasor other Perils at Sea, or on any Life or Lives, except for such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, as shall be duly licensed as aforesaid, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds Irish Currency.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, td whom any such Licence as aforesaid shall be granted, shall, at the Time of receiving such Licence, give such Security with sufficient Sureties, to be approved of by the said Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland, or any one or more of them, by Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in such Sums as the {Said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, may think reasonable, so as the same do not exceed the probable Amount of the Duty payable by such Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Person or Persons respectively, for Half a Year, with Condition, that if such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, shall faithfully make out, sign, and deliver an Account of all Money received, as herein after-directed, for such Duties upon Infur-anc4fc, and well and truly make Payment of all such Sums of Money as shall be due and payable thereon, in pursuance and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and also do and shall truly and faithfully observe and perform all the Directions, Matters, and Things in this Act contained on his, her, or their Behalf to be observed and performed, such Bond shall be void, but otherwise shall remain in full Force.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politick and Corporate, so to be licensed, who, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, shall grant any Policy of Insurance for insuring Property from Loss by Fire, or from the Danger of the Seas or other Perils at Sea, or on any Life or Lives, or shall continue to insure on any Policy, shall, by themselves, or such other Person or Persons as are, is, or shall be employed by or under them, previous to the granting or continuing such Policy of Insurance, demand and receive for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of and from the Person or Persons whose Property shall be so insured, one Year's Duty on such Insurance; and if such Insurance shall be for a longer Space of Time than forone Year, then such insurer or Infur-ers shall in like Manner demand and receive the Duty payable on so many Years as shall be contained therein; and if there shall be any Fradion of a Year therein beyond one Year, then such Fraction shall be paid for in Proportion to the Rate for one whole Year, and such insurer shall give a Receipt for the Duty so paid as and for one or more Years* Duty, together with such Fraction of Duty on such Insurance, from the Day of the Date of the Policy thereof, and in Default of receiving such Duty in Manner aforesaid, such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, so granting such Policy, shall be accountable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the said Duty, as if the same had actually been received.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of taking out a new Policy of Insurance, before the Expiration of an old Policy, for the fake of insuring a greater or different Sum, the same proportionable Abatement, which the insurer or Insurers shall make in respect to the Premium of Insurance, shall be % made of the Duty which under this Act shall accrue, on such new Policy so taken out before the Expiration of an old Policy.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Policy of Insurance upon any Ship, or upon any Share or Interest therein, shall be made for a certain Term longer than Twelve Calendar Months; and every Policy which shall be made for any longer Term, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Body and Bodies Politick and Corporate, or other Person or Persons, who under this Act shall obtain a Licence for any Office of Insurance, or who shall receive or take any Premium for Insurance against Loss by Fire, or the Danger of the Seas or other Perils at Sea, or any Life or Lives, shall from Time to Time keep a true and faithful Account in Writing, in which shall be inserted the Number of every Policy or Instrument of Insurance, which, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, shall be issued or granted, or continued by such Body or Bodies Politick or Coroorate, or Person or Persons, with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons insuring, and the Place or Places of his, her, or their Abode, the Sum insured, and the Time for which the same shall be so insured, and also the Day of the Month, and th&Date of the Year in which such Policy shall be issued; which Account shall at all Times be open for thelnfpedlion of any Person or Persons duly authorized under the Hands and Seals'or under the Hand and Seal of one or more of the said Commissioners for Stamp Duties in Ireland* to insped the fame

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Body and Bodies Politick and Corporate, and other Person and Persons who shall have any Licence under this Act, for any Insurance Office, shall from Time

to

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 21.

to Time within the Space of two Months after every- twenty-fourth Day of June, twenty-ninth Day of September % twenty-fifth Day of December, and twenty-fifth Day of March, which shall be after the twenty-fifth Day of March, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and three, or at such other Times after the Ex-

?iration of the said two Months, as may be appointed by the major Part of the Commissioners of the Stamp )uties in Ireland, giving a previous Publick Notice of fourteen Days or more by Advertisement in the Dublin Gazette, deliver and cause to be delivered to the said Commissioners, or to the Person or Persons appointed by them, or any one of them, to receive the same, at the Head Office of the said Commissioners, true Copies of the Accounts herein-before directed to be kept by such licensed Insurance Office or Offices, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or such other licensed Person or Persons, for the Quarter which shall have been completed next before such Day of Delivery or Notice as the Case shall be, and at the same Time shall pay all such Sum and Sums as shall appear to be due on such Accounts, to the Receiver General for the Time being, for receiving the said Duties, at the said Head Office, upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Default in delivering such Copies of the said Accounts, the Sum of five hundred Pounds; and for every such Default in Payment of the Money due on the said Accounts, double the Amount of the said Monies due on the said Account at the Time of such Default.

LXXXII. And be it enacted, That the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties at the Head Office, or other Person or Persons duly appointed by the said Commissioners, or any one of them, to receive the said Duties upon Insurances against Loss by Fire, or the Danger of the Seas or other Perils at Sea, or on Life or Lives, Audi make an Allowance to all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick or Corporate so to be licensed as aforesaid respectively, for their own Use, for their Care and Trouble in receiving the said Duties, and making out such Accounts afs herein directed, after the Rate of one Shilling in the Pound out of the Monies by them accounted for and paid to such Receiver General, according to the Directions herein contained.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Deed, Instrument, Note, or Memorandum, Letter, Muniment, or Writing, for or relating to the Payment of any Sum of Money, or for making any valuable Consideration for or on the Loss of any Ship or Vessel, Goods, Monies, or Effects 5 or upon any Loss by Fire, or for any Loss whatsoever; or for or upon any Life or Lives, shall be construed, deemed, and adjudged to be Policies of Insurance within the Meaning of this Act.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and immediately after the said twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland for the Time being, or any of them, may, under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, grant a Licence to any Person or Persons duly qualified, to enable him to act as a Publick Notary; and that no Person shall act as a Publick Notary in Ireland without having taken out such Licence for the Purpose; and that any Person who shall act as a Publick Notary in Ireland without having obtained such Licence, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

LXXXV. And whereas it is and hath been the Custom for Publick Notaries to note Bills of Exchange for Non-payment or Non-acceptance, and not to protest the same in proper Form of Law, by which the Payment of the Duties upon such noting or notarial Acts, has been and may be evadedfor Remedy whereof, be it enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, every Publick Notary in Ireland, shall, once iu every two Months, deliver or cause to be delivered to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland, at the Head Office in Dublin, or to some Person authorized by them, or any one of them, to receive the same there, a faithful and true Account in Writing, and upon Oath, of such Bills of Exchange as aforesaid, which shall have been noted by such Publick Notary since the last preceding Account, which shall have been so delivered by the said Publick Notary, or if no such Account shall have been so delivered by him, then since the obtaining of his Licence; and shall at the same Time pay unto the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties, the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence for every such Bill of Exchange which shall have been so noted by him, over and above the Duties payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon protesting the same Bill or Bills, in case the Owner or Owners, Holder or Holders thereof, shall at any Time thereafter think proper to protest the fame; and in case any Publick Notary shall neglect to account as aforesaid, or to pay the Duties aforesaid, every such Publick Notary shall, for every such Neglect or Default in delivering a true Account of such noting, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds; and for every Default of Payment of the Money due on such Account, double the Amount of the Money due on such Account at the Time of such Default.

LXXXVI. And be it enacted, That every Licence to be taken out under this Act shall have Force from the Day of granting the fame, or from such Day subsequent thereto as shall be mentioned in the said Licence, unto and until the twenty-fifth Day of March next following the Day on which the said Licence shall so begin to have Force, and no longer, unless herein or otherwise particularly directed; but if such Licence shall be granted to two or more Persons, and any or either of them shall die before such twenty^fifth Day of March next following, nevertheless such Licence shall continue in force during the Time aforesaid, for the Benefit of the Survivors or Survivor of the Persons licensed.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Licence to be granted to any Person or Persons to keep a Lottery Office in Ireland, or to deal there in any British or Irish Lottery, shall continue longer than until the Expiration of ten Days after the End of the Drawing of the Lottery, which shall begin to be drawn next after the granting such Licence; any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXV 111. And be it further enacted, That a separate and distinct Account of all Monies arising from the Duties on Licences to keep Lottery Offices shall be kept by the several proper Officers, and the same or a sufficient Part thereof, shall be paid and applied to defray the Charges and Expences of managing and drawing oy Lottery or Lotteries in Ireland, in such a Manner as the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor of Ire-

7 land

687

deliver Copies of

Account?,

quarterly;

and pay Sums due.

Penalty 500l.*and Double Duty.

Persons so licensed shall be allowed is. per £. for Money accounted lor.

What shall be deemed Policies of Insurance.

None to alt at Publick Notaries without Licence, Penalty tool.

Public Notaries shall every two Months deliver Account on Oath of all Bills of Exchange noted by them.

and pay 2'. (or each.

Penalty ^ool. and Double Duty. v

AH Licence*

shall be in Force till 25th Maich next entuing the Date.

Continuance of Licence for Lottery-Office.

A- plication of j.ifing on Licences for Lottery-Offices, &c.

688

Distin# Accounts of Moiety of Duty on Admission of Bar-lifters, and the whole of Duty On Attornies* Indentures.

Ho Attorney or Solicitor to be Admitted without Certificate of Payment of Sump Duties*

Apprentices to lodge Certifi-

oatetfe

Hot capable of pra&iiing unlef* Duties paid.

Five Years

Clerkship

requisite.

Attorney shall pra^life only in Courts where squally fwora.

Ho Declaration, &c. nor any Bill, &c. to be Hied, unless Attorney deposit his Warrant. Penalty on Officer ioL

On Affidavit that Plaintiff is out of Ireland, Attorney shall be received, paying Duty.

Hot to extend to cenain Proceedings.

How Attornies, &c. 0ul) charge Cor engrafting Bills, &c. or Cha?ge not payable by the Client; Penally for fit ft Oiience,

ioL

C. 21.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

land Tor the Time being, shall direct, and that the Residue, if any, shall be applied towards defraying the Expence of his Majesty's Government.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland shall cause to be kept a distinct Account of one Half or Moiety of the Money arising from the respective Duties of twenty Pounds in the said Schedule (A) mentioned, on the Admission of any Student into the Society of King's Inns, and on the Admission of any Barrister into the Inns of Court, and of the Whole of the Duty of seven Pounds in the said Schedule mentioned, upon each Part of Indentures binding an Apprentice to an Attorney; and that the Receiver General of the Duties hereby granted shall pay the same at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall cause the same to be paid to the Treasurer of the fetid Society, to be applied by him in such Manner as shall be directed by the said Society.

XC. And be it further enacted, That every Person to be sworn or admitted an Attorney in any of his Majesty's Courts of Law, or any Court of Record whatsoever, in Ireland\ or a Solicitor of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, shall, previous to such Admission into every such Court, produce to the proper Officer, to whom he shall apply to be admitted an Attorney or Solicitor as aforesaid, '* Certificate signed under the Hand or Hands of some of his Majesty's Officers appointed to receive the Stamp Duties, dating that such Person has paid the Duty by this Act made payable on such Admission; which Certificate shall be lodged with such Officer of every Court into which he shall be admitted, and remain in his Custody, to be examined by the said Com* miffiioners for managing the Stamp Duties, or any Officer by them appointed, at any Time they shall think fit; and that from and after the passing of this Act, every Person who shall be bound an Apprentice to an Attorney in Ireland, Audi also obtain a written Certificate from some of his Majesty's Officers appointed to receive the Duties aforesaid, of his having paid the Duty by this Act made payable on such Indentures of Apprenticeship, which Certificate shall be lodged with the proper Officer of the Court in which such Indentures shall be en-rolled, or to which the Master of such Apprentice shall belong; and the Officer or Officers of such Court are hereby required to take Charge of and keep such Certificate, so that the same may and shall be produced and read in open Court, on the Admission of every such Attorney in Ireland, and produced to a Master of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, on the Admission of every such Solicitor of that Court, before he shall be admitted and sworn an Attorney or Solicitor respectively as aforesaid $ and that no Person shall be capable of pra&iiing as an Attorney or Solicitor respectively in Ireland* or of recovering any Bill of Costs due to him as an Attorney or Solicitor there, unless he shall have paid the Stamp Duties hereby imposed upon him when bound an Apprentice, and when admitted an Attorney or Solicitor, at or previous to the Time of his being admitted an Attorney as aforesaid; and it is the Meaning and Intention of this Act, that no Person be admitted an Attorney into any Court in Ireland; unless such Person shall have served his regular Time or Apprenticeftup of five Years to a pra6lifing Attorney of the said Courts.

XCI. 1 And, to prevent committing Frauds in respect of the Duty payable on the Admission of Attornies*into Courts, ' be it enacted, That no Attorney shall practise in his own Name, or in the Name of any other Attorney, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Law, or in any Court of Record whatsoever, in Ireland* in which Attornies are admitted, except only in such Court or Courts in which he shall actually have been admitted and sworn an Attorney, on Pain of the Person so practising being rendered incapable of being sworn or practising as an Attorney in any Court of Law in Ireland; and every Attorney who shall so practise in any Court in which he shall not have been admitted and sworn an Attorney, shall be disabled from recovering the Costs of any Proceedings carried on by him in any Court-

XCII. And be it further enacted, That no Declaration or Plea or Demurrer, in any Action or Suit at Law in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Ireland, nor any Bill or Answer, Plea or Demurrer, in any Court of Equity in Ireland shall be received or filed, unless the Attorney or Solicitor tendering the same to be filed, shall, at the Time he shall so tender the same to the Officer of the Court with whom the lame ought to be filed, deposit with such Officer the Warrant impowering him to prosecute or defend such Suit or Action, which Warrant such Officer shall, without Fee or Reward, file and keep in his Office; and if any Officer of any such Court shall receive any of such Pleadings without such Warrant being so deposited with him, he shall

e in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin.

forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same in any

XCIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Party, for whose Benefit the said Suit is prosecuted or defended, shall be out of Ireland* the Attorney or Solicitor so prosecuting or defending the same shall be received so to do upon making an Affidavit before the said Officer, which Affidavit the said Officer is hereby empowered to administer, that his Client is out of Ireland and that the Delay would be injurious; and on paying the Duty payable on Warrants of Attorney, of which the said Officer is hereby directed to keep aa Account, as he is also required to pay over the same to the proper Officer for receiving the Stamp Duties imposed by this Act.

XCIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to any Proceeding to Judgment by Cognovit AQionem on any Bond or Bill, or to the entering Satisfaction on any Judgment or Recognizance.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That, after the passing of this Act, all Attornies, Solicitors, or other Persons in Ireland, shall make their Charges upon their Clients or Employers for engrossing Bills, Answers, and other Pleadings in Equity, at or after the known or usual Rates for every Skin, according to the Number of Skins they shall so engross or write, and not otherwise; and if any Attorney, Solicitor, or other Person shall for writing or engrossing one Skin of Parchment only, charge any Client or Employer for double or treble Skins, or for more than one Skin, making the Charge by the Sheet, or in any other Manner than by the Skin, under Pretence of having inserted in such one Skin of Parchment, a greater Number of Sheets than twenty,

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 21. 689

or under any other Pretence whatsoever, such Charge shall not be payable ty the Client; and further, that every Attorney, Solicitor, or other Person shall, for every such Charge so made or demanded, forfeit and pay for the first Offence the Sum of ten Pounds, and for the second Offence the Sum of fifty Pounds, and for the : third and every other Offence the Sum of one hundred Pounds, with treble Cods of Suit.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, that where any Bill of Cods in any Cause in his Majesty's Courts of Chancery or-Exchequer in Ireland, in which there shall be any Charge or Charges for drawing or for engrossing on Parchment any Bills, Answers, or other Pleadings in the said Courts respectively, which shall be engrossed or Written or filed in either of the said Courts shall be taxed, the Officer, who shall respectively tax such Bills of Cods, shall tax the Charges for drawing and engrossing such Bills and Answers, and other Pleadings, at the usual Charge by the Skin, according to the Number of Skins actually contained in such Pleading, and not according to the Number of Sheets or Words contained in such Skin, according to the true Intent, and Meaning of this Act; and such Officer, if the Bill of Cods to be taxed be in a Cause in the Court of Chancery, shall signify at the Foot of such Bill dfCofts, that the Number of Skins contained in the Pleadings mentioned therein hath been certified to him by the Master, or Keeper or Keepers of the Rolls of the Court of Chancery, or his Deputy; and if such Bill of Cods be in a C*use in the Court of Exchequer, the Officer, who shall tax the fame, shall signify at the Foot Of such Bill* that he hath inspected the Engnoffment of the Pleadings mentioned in such Bill of Cods; and in case such Officer respectively, who shall tax such Bills of Cods as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to apply to the Clerk of the Rolls for such Certificate as aforesaid, or to inspect the Ingrossment of the Pleadings mentioned in such Bill of Cods, or shall neglect or refuse to tax the Charges for drawing and engrossing such Bills, Answers, or other Pleadings in Manner herein directed, every such Officer, so neglecting or refusing respectively as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Neglect or Refusal the Sum of ten Pounds; and in case the Master, or Keeper or Keepers, of the" Rolls of the Court of Chancery, or his or their Deputy, shall neglect or refuse to inspect and certify the Number of Skins contained in such Pleadings as aforesaid to the proper Officer of such Court, upon 'bfcing applied to by him for the Purpose aforesaid, such Mailer, or Keeper or Keepers, of the Rolls, or his or their JSeptity, shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit in like Manner the Sum of ten Pounds; which said several Forfeitures shall be enforced in a summary Way, upon Motion by Order of the said Courts of Chancery or Exchequer, upon Complaint made to them respectively against any Officer who shall be guilty of any such Neglect or Refusal, and shall enure to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

XCVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be condrucd to extend to the Oiarge to'be made for engrossing any Bill, Answer, or other Pleading in Equity, the whole Contents of which (hillnot amount to the Quantity or Number of Sheets to be contained in two Skins, reckoning the Quantity itrcvbry Skih according tb the Number of Sheets above specified.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Records, Writs, Pleadings, and other Proceedings in the Courts of Law and Equity in Ireland, and all Deeds, Instruments, and Writings whatsoever hereby charged, shall be engrossed or written in such Manner as they have usually been accudomed to be written, save as herein otherwise mentioned.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Record or Tran-feript of Records, to be brought into the present Court of Exchequer Chamber, shall, when copied for the

as or others, be copied in like Manner as in the former Court of Exchequer Chamber, and be subject to uties in Schedule (A) hereunto annexed for that Purpose mentioned.

C. And be it further enacted, That all Procefa, which shall be entered or obtained to enforce the Appearance or Appearances of any Defendant or Defendants in any Court of Law or Equity in Ireland, or to enforce the Answer or Answers or any Defendant or Defendants in any Court of Equity in Ireland, shall be absolutely engrossed and made out upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, stamped with tnc Duty charged by this Act upon such Process; and in case the Officer or Officers, who shall enter or cause such Process to be entered as aforesaid, thall neglect to have such Process made out as aforesaid, he and they shall, for every such Neglect, forfeit to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of ten Pounds; which Sum shall be enforced in a summary Way, upon Motion by Order of the Court in which such Process shall be entered.

CI. 4 And for correcting Abuses committed by arreding Persons without any Writ or legal Process to judify*the fame, by Means whereof the Payment of the Duty by this Act granted upon such Process may be evaded, 1 be it enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, every Officer or Clerk belonging or that shall hereafter belong to the Court of King's Bench, Court of Common !*leas, or Court of Exchequer in Ireland, who shall sign any Writ or Process before Judgment to arred any Person or Persons thereupon, shall, at the Time of signing thereof, set down upon such Writ or Process the Day and Year of signing the fame, which shall be entered upon the Remembrance Roll, or in the Book wherein the Abstract of such Writ or Process shall be entered, upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds for every Offence or Neglect of such Officer or Clerk as aforesaid.

CII. And be it further enacted, That every Copy of every Affidavit which shall be read in any Court whatever, in Ireland, shall be engrossed or written in such Manner as that the Quantity of Writing contained in any one Sheet or Piece of Paper shall not be deemed more than one Sheet, according to the Manner in which the Officers of the Courts in which such Affidavit shall be respectively filed, charge by the Sheet for such Affidavit; and if any Officer of any Court shall charge or demand, for the Quantity of Writing contained in anyone Sheet or Piece of Paper on which any Copy of such Affidavit shall be written, more than the Fees to which he Should be entitled for one Sheet, according to the Course of the Court in which such Affidavit shall be filed, he shall, for every such Charge so made or demanded, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, with treble Cods of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

CIII. And, to prevent Frauds which might he committed by writing such Copies upon both Sides of any Sheet or Piece of Paper; be it enacted, That where more than one Side or Page of any Sheet of Paper, shall 43 Geo. III. 4 T " be

second, 50]. third, Uc. 100I, with treble Costs.

On Taxing Bill of Costs in Chancery or Exchequer, how Charges for drawing and engrossing shall be taxed.

If in Chancery or Exchequer, bow Officer Dull signify, &c.

Penalty on Officer* forK^gletl,

10L

Penalty on Keeper of the Rolls for Neg-Ictt, 10l.

Not to extend fess than two Skins.

How Recorda Wiits, Stc. shall be engrossed.

JIow Record* shall be copied in Exchequer Chamber,

Procef* to enforce Appearance or Answer* shall be engiofT-ed on Paper,

&c. damped, or Officer shall forfeit iol.

Officer, See. signing any Pro-eels of Arrest before Judgment, Hull let down the Day and Year, to be entered on Remembrance Roll, Penalty iol.

Manner of en-

gi ^fling or writing Affidavits.

Penalty 10l.

Each damped

Side of Copy of Affidatit a separate Sheet,

C. 21

Not to extend to Action*, ice. in forma pauperis:

Nor to Warrant % Sec. of Justices, or Proceedings of Courts Martial.

Probate, Sec. of Seaman or Soldier not chargeable.

Statutes, Proclamations, Stc. exempted from Duty-

VaaiilhorilVd Accounts of Imports and Exports shall pay Duty,

Books of Corporate Bodies excepted.

Bills of Parcels nut chargeable. What shall be deemed a Chattel Party.

Kerry Bills deemed Bonds. No more than aol. Duty on Grant of Office of 200l. a Tear, and 5l. per Cent, on additional Amount.

Whole Sum shall be expressed in Receipt.

Penalty on evading Receipt Duty, aol.

All general Acknowledgements liable to1. Duly,

43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

be stamped or marked with the Duties by this Act charged on Paper on which such Copy of an Affidavit (Wall be written, each Side or Page so marked or stamped shall be deemed a separate Sheet or Piece of Paper within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

CIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That none of the Rates, Duties, or Sums of Money imposed by this Act, shall be raised, levied, or paid or be payable by virtue of this Act by any Person or Persons who shall be admitted to sue, or defend in forma pauperis, so far as relates to the Suit in which he, she, or they shall be so admitted to sue or defend.

CV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this Act, or any Clause herein contained, shall not be construed to charge with any Duty any Warrant made by, or a Recognizance taken before, any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any Proceeding of any Court Martial; but such Warrants, Recognizances, and Proceed* ing, shall be, and are hereby declared to be exempted from the Payment of any of the Duties imposed by this Act.

CVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to chaise the Probate of any Will or Letters of Administration of any Common Seaman or Soldier, who shall be (lain or die in his Majesty's Service, a Certificate being produced from the Captain or Commander of the Ship or Vessd, or Captain or Commanding Officer of the Troop or Company under whom such Seaman or Soldier served at the Time of his Death, of the Truth whereof an Oath (or if by a Quaker a solemn Affirmation) shall be made before the proper Judge or Officer by whom such Probate or Administration ought to be granted; which Oath or Affirmation such Judge or Officer is hereby authorized and required to administer without Fee or Reward.

CVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this Act shall not extend to charge with any of the Duties aforesaid any Act of Parliament, Proclamation, Order of Council, Form of Prayer and Thankfeiving, or any Act of State which shall be ordered by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to be printed, or printed Votes or other Matters which are or shall be ordered to be printed by either House of Parliament, any books commonly used in any of the Schools of Ireland, or any Books containing only Matters of Devotion or Piety, or any Advertisement published by the Trustees of Hospitals relative to the Business of such Hospitals, or any single Advertisement printed by itself, or the weekly Bills of Mortality, or the daily Accounts or Bills of Goods imported or exported, so as such daily Accounts or such Bills of Goods imported or exported do contain no other Matter than Accounts of Goods imported into or exported from Ireland, and the Particulars relating to such Exports and Imports, and so as the same be printed and published by such Officer or Officers as ffiau be authorized thereto by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the Time being 5 any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That ail Accounts or Bills of Goods imported or exported, printed or published by any other Person or Persons except such Officer or Officers authorized as aforesaid, whether printed or published daily, weekly, monthly, or at any other Time or Times, or published as Accounts or Abstracts of Accounts, or in any other Manner whatsoever, shall be and are hereby deemed to be daily Accounts or Bills of Goods imported and exported, and subject to the Duties hereby imposed, and shall pay a Duty in Proportion to the Number of Days' Accounts of Imports or Exports contained therein 5 that is to say, the Sum of one Penny for every Day's Account or Abstract of every Day's Account of Imports or Exports which shall appear to be included in every such Publication.

CIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to fnbjcft the Books of any Corporate Body to any Stamp or Duty whatsoever.

CX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to charge any Accounts, Bills of Parcels, or Bills of Fees.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That every Deed, instrument, Note, Memorandum, Letter, or other Mil-niment or Writing between the Captain, Master, or Owner of any Ship or Vessel, and any Merchant, Trader, or other Person in respect of the Freight or Conveyance of any Goods, Money, Wares, Merchandize, or Effecta, laden or to be laden on board of any such Ship or Vessel, shall be deemed and adjudged to be a Charter Party within the Meaning of this Act.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That Bonds, or Obligations, commonly called Kerry Bills, shall be considered as Bonds conditioned for Payment of Money.

CXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed Ur extend, to charge any Grant of any Office or Employment which shall be of the Value of two hundred Pounds per Annum, with a Duty of more than twenty Pounds in the Whole; and a farther Duty of five Pounds upon every such Grant for every one hundred Pounds exceeding two hundred Pounds per Annum, notwithstanding that any such Grant or Grants shall be written on more than one Skin of Parchment.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That the whole Sum for which any Receipt shall be given in Ireland\ shall be really expressed in such Receipt; and all Persons who shall give or cause to be given in Ireland, any Receipt or other Discharge, in which a less Sum shall be expressed than the Sum actually received, with an Intent to evade any of the Duties imposed by this Act, or shall divide or cause to be divided the Sum actually paid in divers Receipts, or shall by any general Acknowledgement or Use of the Words u settled by Caffi, '* or such like, or any Word or Words, or by any Means, endeavour to evade any of the Duties hereby granted on Receipts, or be guilty of or concerned in any fraudulent Contrivance whatever to evade any of the said Duties, such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit twenty Pounds.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That all Receipts expressed to be in full, or as a Satisfaction of all Demands, and all general Acknowledgements of Debts or Demands being discharged or settled, and all Bills or Accounts signed by any Seller of Goods, or any Person for him or her, and delivered to the Purchaser

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 21. 691

thereof, wherein the Sum really received shall not be bona fide specified, shall be liable to a Duty of two Shillings.

CXvI. And be it further enacted, That all unstamped Receipts not amounting to two Pounds, and which shall by the Insertion of the Words "in full of all Demands," or otherwise, be given as a general Acknowledgment of all Debts being discharged, may be given in Evidence, and may be available in Law for such Sum so expressed therein, but not as a general Acknowledgement of all the Debts being discharged; and that all Receipts impressed with a Stamp of Two-pence, in which any Money amounting to two Pounds, and not amounting to twenty Pounds, shall be expressed, and which shall by Insertion of the Words, "in full of all Demands," or otherwise, be given as a general Acknowledgement of all Debts being discharged, may be given in Evidence, and may be available for such Sum so expressed, but not as a general Acknowledgement of all Debts being discharged.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties by this Act charged on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, Drafts, or Orders, shall be paid by the Person or Persons giving the fame; and that the Duty on Receipts shall be paid by the Person by whom the same shall be given, as well by Landlords as by all other Persons.

CXVIII. Provided always, That every Person receiving Money in Ireland who shall upon Demand refuse to give a Receipt for the fame, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall in Ireland write or sign, or cause to be written or signed, any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, Draught, or Order, or any Receipt or other Discharge for the Payment of Money, liable to any Stamp Duty charged by this Act, without being fil'd stamped with the due and proper Stamp, shall for every such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, Draft, Order, or Receipt, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person in Ireland in the Employment of another or others, shall, in the Name of or for the Use of his Employer or Employers, or in his own or any other Name, or for the Use of his said Employer or Employers, give any Receipt or other Discharge in which a less Sum shall be expressed than the Sum actually received, with an Intent to evade any of the Duties imposed by this Act, or divide the Sum actually paid in divers Receipts, or by any general Acknowledgement or Use of the Words " settled by Cash, " or such like, or by any Word or Words, or by any Means endeavour to evade any of the Duties hereby granted on Receipts, or be guilty of or concerned in any fraudulent Contrivance to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, it shall be considered as the Act of the Person or Persons in whose Employment the Person so offending shall be; and the Clerk or other Person so committing any of the Offences herein-before mentioned, upon being convicted thereof, shall be guilty of a Misdemeanour, and be punished in such Manner as the Court before whom he or she shall be tried shall think (it.

CXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall charge any Receipt given for Drawbacks or Bounties on the Exportation of any Goods from Ireland, or any other Bounties payable in Ireland pursuant to Act of Parliament, on any Goods whatsoever, or on any Certificate of Over-Entry of any Duties of Customs, nor to any Portage Bills allowed to Masters of Vessels for making a true Report of their Cargoes at any Custom House in Ireland, or Promissory Note for any Sum not exceeding two Pounds ten Shillings to be passed for Tythes.

CXXII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act receding the Duty on Receipts, shall charge any Receipt for any Money paid into the Bank of Ireland, or the House of any Banker in Ireland, nor any Receipt or other Discharge given for the Purchase of any Stock or Fund in the Bank of Ireland, or for any Money payable on the Government Funds in Ireland established by Parliament, or on any other Stock or Fund as aforesaid, nor any Receipt given on the Back of any Foreign or Inland Bill of Exchange, Promissory or other Note, nor any Receipt on any Bank Note or Bank Poll Bill, nor any Letter acknowledging the safe Arrival of any Bill, Note, or Remittance, nor any Receipt indorsed on or contained in the Body of any Deed, Bond, Mortgage, or other obligatory Instrument by this Act directed to be stamped, nor any Release or Acquittance by Deed, nor any Receipt given by any Agent for Money on Account of the Pay of the Navy, Army, or Ordnance, nor any Receipt given by any Officer or Seaman or Soldier, or their Repreftntatives, for Wages or other Monies due to them from the Navy, Army, or Ordnance, nor any Receipt given by any Officer of the Exchequer or Revenue for Money received on Account of any Duty, Tax, Reut, or other Sum paid for the Use of his Majesty.

CXXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to charge or affect any Bank Note, or Bank Pod Bill, which shall be issued for any Sum less than fifty Pounds by any Ranker or Bankers who shall have registered his or their Name or Names and Firm in Manner herein after directed, or which shall be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, with any greater or higher Duty than as follows; that is to say, For each and every such Bank Note or Bank Poll Bill, where the Sum expressed therein shall not amount to five Pounds, the Sum of one Penny Halfpenny; where the Sum expressed therein shall amount to five Pounds, and shall not amount to ten Pounds, the Sum of Three-pence; and where the Sum expressed therein shall amount to ten Pounds, and shall not amount to fifty Pounds, the Sum of Four-pence.

CXXIV. And be it enacted, That all Bank Notes, and Bank Post Bills, which shall be issued by the Go-Temor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, whether for fifty Pounds, or any greater or ltffer Sum, shall be exempt from the Duties hereby charged thereon respectively for one whole Year, and so from every twenty-fifth Day of March, for ne whole Year next following, provided the Governor and Company of the said Bank shall, on each and every t>f the said twenty-fifth Days of March nrspectively, have paid into his Majesty, s Treasury in Ireland such Sum

Undamped Receipts under ih, or other Receipt* with 2dy. Stamp* under 20l., available for Sum expressed only.

Who shall pay Duty on Bills and on Receipts,

20l. Penalty cm refusing to give a Receipt. Penally on writing or signing any undamped Bill, Note, or Receipt, 20l. Undamped Receipts signed l»f Servants, Sec. considered as Act of PiincU p ils, and Party actually signing guilty of Misdemeanour.

Receipts for Drawbacks, arc, not chargeable.

Stock Receipts, Sec. not chargeable.

Duties payable by registered Bankers on Notes or Bills for less than 501. viz.

1jd. under 5l. 3d. $1. and under 10L 4d. 10). and under 50l. Ni>les, Sec. of Bank of Jrebrnd exempted, on Payment of Annual Com pen fatten toTrejfuiy

69

o

Note*, &c. iflu-ed by registered Bankers ex-em|Hed#on P^y-vnent of annual Compensation*

Persons registered as Bankers shall be considered as such. Certain Drafts on Bankers not ctuu-geable.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Justices may try Orfences where Penalty not exceeding 20l.

Penalty levied by Sale of Offender's Goods,c.

Justices may mitigate Penalties.

Appeal to Quarter Sessions.

Notice to Prosecutor.

Penalty on Witness not attending 5l.

C. 21. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

of Money as shall have been from Time to Time agreed upon, by and between the said Governor and Company and the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for exteuting the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, as a Compensation for, and to be in Lieu of, and in full Satisfaction for all Stamp Duties, payable upon all Notes and Bills to be issued by the said Bank, during the Year then next eufuing respectively.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Bank Notes and Bank Poll Bills which shall be issued by any other Bank, or Banker or Bankers in Ireland> as well those issued for Sums under fifty Pounds, as those issued for that Sum, or for any larger Sum, shall be exempt from the Duties hereby charged thereon rcl'pe&tvely, for and during such Portion, Part and Parts of each Year, commencing on every twenty-fifth Day of March, for which such Bank or Bankers respectively shall have previously agreed with the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland^ or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland; provided such Bank or Bankers shall have previously registered the Firm of such Bank, or the Name or Names of such Bankers, with the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer; and provided that such Bank or Bankers respectively shall have previously paid into liis Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall or may have been from Time to Time agreed upon by and between the said Bank or Bankers, and the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, as a Compensation for and to be in Lieu of, and in full Satisfaction for, all Stamp Duties payable on all the Notes and Bills to be issued by such Bank or Bankers respectively, during such Por* tiod and Portions, Part and Parts of the said nespective Years.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons registering themselves as Bankers, for the Purpose herein-before mentioned, shall to all Intents and Purposes be considered as Bankers, within the Meaning of the Laws now in force in Ireland,

CXXVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Duties by this Act imposed on Bills of Exchange* Promissory Notes, and Drafts or Orders for Payment of Money, shall not be charged on any Draft or Order for the Payment of Mcfney on Demand, payable to Bearer, drawn upon any Bank or Banker, or Person acting as a Banker, within ten Miles of the Place where such Draft or Order shall be actually drawn and issued.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, may be recovered by any Person who shall sue for the fame, save where the contrary is hereby particularly directed; and that where no other Mode of proceeding is herein-before particularly directed, every such Penalty may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, in which no Effoig?, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and that every such Penalty, not exceeding the Sum of fifty Pounds may be recovered by Civil Bill, in any Part of Ireland\ in the Court of proper Jurisdiction; and that every such Penalty not herein-before directed to be otherwise applied, shall belong, one Moiety thereof to the Use of his Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Person suing for the same.

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of Peace of the County, and residing near the Place in Ireland where the Offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any Offence against this Act, which subjects the Offender or Offenders to any Penalty not exceeding twenty Pounds; and such Justice of the Peace is upon any Information or Complaint hereby authorized and impowered to summon the Party so accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side, and to examine into the Fad; and upon Proof thereof made either by the Confession of the Person or Persons committing such Offence, or by the Oath of one or more Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgment for such Penalty, and to issue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal for levying such Penalty on the Goods of such Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six Days, and rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any; and where Good fumcient cannot be found to answer such Penalty, such Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized.and impowered to commit such Offender or Offenders to Prison for such Time as he shall judge to be proper, not less than one Month, nor more than three Months, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid; and it shall be lawful for such Justice of the Peace, where he shall see Cause, to mitigate such Penalties (Costs of the Officers and Informers to be assessed by such Justice being always allowed above such Mitigation), and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalties to less than a Moiety above the said Costs; and if any Person or Persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of such Justice of the Peace, then and in such Case he, she, or they, upon giving Security to the Amount of the Penalty, together with such Costs as shall be awarded, in case such Judgment shall be affirmed, may appeal to the Justices at the next General Quarter Sessions of the County or District in which such Offence shall have been committed, which shall happen after fourteen Days next after such Conviction shall have been made, of which Appeal Notice in Writing shall be

5iven to the Profocutor or Prosecutors ten Days previous to the first Day of such Quarter Sessions; and such ustices shall summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally hear and determine the fame; and in case the Judgment of such Justice of the Peace shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices as aforesaid to award the Person or Persons so appealing to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal as-to them shall seem meet; and no Certiorari shall in any Case be granted, to examine or remove any such Determination or Conviction either before or after such Appeal.

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before such Justice of the Peace, or before the said Justices at the Sessions, and shall neglect or refuse to appear, such Witness or Witnesses Expences being first paid or tendered, without a reasonable Excuse, to be allowed by such Justice of the Peace or Justices at Sessions respectively, or upon ap-pcaring, shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, or give Evidence before such Justice of the Peace, or Justices at Sessions respectively; and shall not make reasonable Excuse for such Refusal, to be allowed by such Justice of the Peace, or Justices at the Sessions respectively; then such Person or Persons shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds > the same to be levied in such Manner as is herein after directed.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 21.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That every such Conviction by such Justice of the Peace, shall be in the Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, mutatis mutandis, and that such Form of Conviction shall be deemed legal; (that is to say, )

County of 1 J^E it remembered, that on the Day of

to wit. 3 in the Year of our Lord at in the County aforesaid, sf. B, came before me C.D. one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County,

residing near the Place where the Offence hereafter mentioned was committed, and informed me, that E, F.

of on the Day of now la ft past, did

9 [Here set forth the Faff for which the Information was Iauf\; whereupon the said E. F. after being duly summoned to answer the said Charge, appeared before me, and having heard the Charge contained in the said

Information, declared he was not guilty of the said Offence, or [arr the Case may be-] neglected and refused

4 to make any Defence against the said Charge; but the same was fully proved upon the Oath of G. H. a credible Witness 5 or £as the Case may be-\ voluntarily confessed the said Charge to be true; or [as the Case may 4 be] did not appear before me, pursuant to the Lid Summons; and thereupon it manifestly appeareth to 4 me, that he the said E. F, is guilty of the said Offence charged upon him in the said Information; I do therefore hereby convict him the said E. F. of the Offence aforesaid, and do adjudge that he the said E. F.9hath for the said Offence forfeited the Sum of according to the Form of the Statute.

Given under my Hand and Seal, this Day of J

And if the said Justice shall fee cause to mitigate the said Penalty, the Words from and do adjudge, " to Form of the Statute, " both inclusive, shall be omitted, and in their Place, the following Words, or some other Words to that or the like Purport and Effect, shall be substituted in their Place; (that is to say, ) 44 For which he is liable by the Statute to a Penalty of but I the said Justice, having seen Cause to

mitigate the said Penalty, do hereby reduce the same to the Sum of over and above the Costs

of the Officers and Informers, which I do hereby assess to the Sum of which Sums in all amount

to the Sum of and I do hereby adjudge, that the said E. F, hath for his said Offence, forfeited

the said Sum last mentioned."

CXXXII. And be it enacted, That every Warrant to be Jffued by such Justice of the Peace for levying any of the said Penalties from the Goods of such Offender, shall be In the Form following, or in some other Form of Words to that or the like. Effect, which Form shall be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes 5 that is to say, -

County of 7 rPO M. and N. and each of them j and their and each of their Assistants. Whereas

4 to wit. J on the Day of now last past, E. F. of

was duly convicted before me, a Justice of the Peace of the said County, for

that he, or {he, on the Day of now last past, at

4 in the said County, did [here set out the Offence\ and thereupon I did, according to the Powers given to me4 by the Statute, adjudge that the said E.F. had forfeited the Sum of I do there-

fore by these Presents authorize and command you, and each of you, to take into your Possession the Goods of the said E. F, or a Sufficiency thereof for levying the said Sum thereout, wherever you shall find the said Goods, in the County aforesaid: And if the said Goods shall not be redeemed by the Payment of the said Sum within six Days from the Day of taking the fame, you are by publick Sale thereof, to levy the said Sum of rendering to the said E. F. the Overplus, if any 5 and the said Sum, so levied, you shall bring to me, without Delay, to be disposed of according to Law. Given under my Hand and Seal this Day of .*

And if Goods sufficient cannot be found to answer such Penalty, and a Warrant shall thereupon be issued for committing such Offender or Offenders, the fafhe shall be in the same Form as the said Warrant last mentioned, to the Words, 44 I do therefore by these Presents; " which Words, and all from thence to disposed of according to Law, 0 inclusive, shall be omitted; and this Form following, or some other Form of Words to that or the like Effect, shall be inserted in their Place, to wit,

AND whereas I did on the Day of issue my Warrant to levy the said Sum from the Goods of the said Offender, and such Goods could not be found sufficient to answer the said Sum, I do therefore hereby authorize and command you and each of you, to take the Body of the said E. F. wheresoever you shall find him in the said County, and bring him before me the said C. D.9

And the Form of Committal, for committing such Offender to Prison, shall follow the Form of such Warrant, save only that the Direction thereof shall be to the proper Gaoler; and that from and after the Words 44 I do therefore hereby authorize and command you, " there shall follow these Words, 44 to take into your Custody the Body of the said E. F, and him, or her, safely to keep for

from the Date hereof, unless the said Sum shall be sooner paid. Given under my Hand and Seal, this Day of

And each and every of the said Forms, or any other Form of Words to the like Effect respectively, shall be good and valid in Law, to all Intents and Purposes.

CXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be liable to be convicted before any Justice of the Peace, for any Offence committed against this Act, unless Complaint shall be made within twelve Months from the Time of committing such Offence.

693

Form of Conviction.

Form of W*iw rant to levy Penally.

Form of Warrant to apprehend Offender.

Form of Cumin 11 men t.

Com pi amt within 1 a Morubi,

694

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Duties and Penalties payable in Irish Currency.

C. 2l. 43 GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued, molested, or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person and Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence, for his or their Defence; and if, upon the Trial, a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That all the Duties in this Act and the respective Schedules there* unto annexed, specified, mentioned, and contained, and all Penalties on any Offences in this Act mentioned, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable in Irish Currency, whether the same be so expressly mentioned or not.

" Act may be repealed or altered this Session, §136."

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULES of the several Duties to be paid in the Current Money of Ireland, on the fereral and

respectire Articles therein set forth.

SCHEDULE A.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be engrossed* written, or printed, any of the following Articles, or any Part thereof, the respective Duties following, viz.

ARTICLES.

Any Patent for an Archbishop rick Any Patent for a Dukedom Any Patent for a Marauifate Any Patent for an Earldom Any Patent for a Viscount Any Patent for a Bishoprick Any Patent for a Barony Any Patent for a Baronetage Any Grant, or Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, of any Honour, Dignity, Promotion, Franchise, Liberty, or Privilege, to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Exemplification of the same, not hereby otherwise charged (Commissions of Rebellion in Process always exempted) -

Any Presentation or Donation which shall pass the Great Seal of Ireland* or upon which any Collation shall be made by any Archbishop or Bishop, or any Presentation or Donation to be made by any Patron whatsoever, of or to any Benefice, Dignity, or Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Promotion whatsoever, of the yearly Value ot one hundred Pounds

And a further Duty upon every such Presentation or Donation, at the Rate of five Pounds for every one hundred Pounds exceeding the first one hundred Pounds a Year. The Value to be ascertained by Certificate of the Archbishop, Bishop, or Vicar General of the Diocese: Provided always, that two or more Benefices, epifeopaily united, shall be deemed to be one Benefice only.

Any Dispensation to hold two Ecclesiastical Dignities or Benefices, or both a Dignity and a Benefice, or any other Dispensation or Faculty from the Lord Archbishop of Armagh, or Master of the Faculties for the Time being -

Any Grant from his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any Sum of Money exceeding fifty Pounds, and not exceeding one hundred Pounds, which shall pass the Great Seal of Ireland. Any Grant from his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any Sum of Money exceeding one hundred Pounds, and not exceeding two hundred Pounds, which shall pass the Great Seal of Ireland -

And a further Duty of five Pounds on every such Grant for every one hundred Pounds exceeding two hundred Pounds.

Any Grant of any Annuity, Pension, Office, or Employment, which shall be of the Value of two hundred Pounds per Annum -

And a further Duty of five Pounds upon every such Grant for every one hundred Pounds per Annum exceeding two hundred Pounds per Annum. Provided no Duty shall be charged upon more than one Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment on which such last mentioned Grant may be ingrossed, printed, or written.

Any Grant of an Escheatorship -

Any Admission of any Fellow of the College of Physicians, or of any Clerk, Advocate, Proctor, Notary, or other Officer or Officers, in any Court whatsoever, except such Officer be an annual Officer in any Corporation or inferior Court, whose Office is under the Value of ten Pounds a

DUTT.

£. /. d. too o o

200

200

200

150

50

IOO

50

20 O O

5 0 0

25 O O

468

20 O O 20 O O

20 O O

Year

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE A. continued.

ARTICLES.

Year in Salary, Fees, and other Perquisites; or any Appeal from the Court of Admiralty, or Prerogative Court, or any Archiepiscopal Court Any Admission of any Student into the Society of King's Inns Any Admission of any Barrister into the Inns of Court -

Any Pardon (except the Pardons passed in forma pauperis) of or for any Crime or Offence, or of any Money or Forfeiture whatsoever, or any Warrant or Reprieve, Relaxation from any Fines, corporal Punishment, or any other Forfeitures -

Any Grant of any Land in Fee, Lease for Years, or other Grant or Profit not herein particularly charged, that mall pass the Great Seal of the Exchequer, (Custodiara Leases excepted)

Any Indenture or other Deed for binding an Apprentice to an Attorney, upon each Part of such Indentures -

And a further Duty on each of the said Indentures Any Indenture or other Deed for binding an Apprentice to a Notary Publick, upon each Part of such Indentures -

Any Admission of an Attorney or Proctor into any Court to be paid upon every Admission into any Court in which he shall be admitted an Attorney or Prodtor Any Admission of a Solicitor into the Court of Chancery -

Any Licence to any Person to act as a Notary Publick

Any Commission for taking Affidavits that shall be issued from any Court

Any Exemplification, of what Nature soever, that shall pass the Seal of any Court not hereby otherwise charged -

Any Institution that shall pass the Seal of any Archbishop, Bishop, Chancellor, or other Ordinary or Ecclesiastical Court, provided that an Institution to two or more Benefices episcopally united, shall be considered as an Institution to a single Benefice Any Writ of Covenant for levying a Fine -

Any Writ of Entry for suffering a Common Recovery -

Any Writ of Error, Certiorari, or Appeal (except to the Delegates)

Any Army Lift (except fuctuas shall be published with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or General Governor of Ireland for the Time being) -

Any Conveyance, Surrender of Grants or Offices, Release, or other Deeds whatsoever which shall be enrolled of Record in any of the Courts of the City of Dublin, or in any Court of Record whatsoever, except Alignments of Judgments -

Any Exemplification of a Decree of the Court of Chancery under the Great Seal Any Sentence that shall be given in the Court of Admiralty, or any Attachment (except in Suits for Recovery of Seamen's Wages) that shall be made out of the said Court of Admiralty, or any Relaxation of any such Attachment Any Commission issued out of any Ecclesiastical-Court not herein-before particularly charged Any Warrant, Monition, or Personal Decree in the Court of Admiralty (except in Suits for Recovery of Seamen's Wages)

Any Probate of a Will, or Letters of Administration for any Estate above the Value of thirty Pounds, and not of the Value of one hundred Pounds

Probates, &c.

If of the Value of one hundred Pounds, and not of the Value of three hundred Peunda If of the Value of three hundred Pounds, and not of the Value of six hundred Pounds.

If of the Value of six hundred Pounds, and not of the Value of one thousand Pounds If of the Value of one thousand Pounds, and not of the Value of two thousand Pounds If of the Value of two thousand Pounds, and not of the Value of five thousand Pounds If of the Value of five thousand Pounds, and not of the Value of ten thousand Pounds And if of the Value of ten thousand Pounds -

Except always the Probate of any Will, or Letters of Administration of the Goods and Chattels and Effects of any Common Seaman or Soldier who shall be flain or die in hit

Majesty's Service.

Any Copy of any Will attested by the proper Officer of any Ecclesiastical Court Any Receipt or other Discharge for any Legacy left by any Will or other testamentary Instrument, or for any Share or Part of a Personal Estate divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions, the Amount whereof shall be of the Value of ten Pounds, and not of the Value of twenty Pounds (except such Legacies as shall, be left to the Wife, Children, or Grand Children of the Person making such Will or testamentary Instrument, or shall be divided among them by Force of the said Statute) -

Where the Amount thereof shall be of the Value of twenty Pounds, and not amounting ta fifty Pounds, except as aforesaid.

Where the Amount thereof shall be of the Value of fifty Pounds, am^not amounting to one hundred Pounds, except as aforesaid -

Where the Amount thereof shall be of the Value of one hundred Pounds, and not amounting to three hundred Pounds, except as aforesaid -

C. 21.

DUTY.

IO O 20 O 20 O

4 3

5 7

6

5

o

Q

3

3

X

1

S

a

o

o

50#

o 15 o

2 O X O I o o xo

O IO Q

IOO

O 12 4

O IO

o 7 o 7

0 10

1 o

2 o

3

4 ° 6 o 8 o

xo o

o

6

6

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

Q

0 0$

O. 5

O IO Q

O 15. Q

2 0 0

Where

0 vo 0 e

C. 2*.

43° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE A. continued*

A.D. 1803.

ARTICLE t«

Where the Amount theredf shall be of the Value of three hundred Pounds, and act amounting to five hundred Pounds, except as aforesaid -

Where the Amount thereof shall be of the Value of five hundred Pounds, and not amounting to one thousand Pounds, except as aforesaid -

Where the Amount thereof shall be of the Value of one thousand Pounds, and not amounting to two thousand Pounds, except as aforesaid -

And a further Duty of twenty Pounds for every one thousand Pounds exceeding the Sum of one thousand Pounds, except as aforesaid.

Any Recognizance conditioned for the Payment of Money, or Performance of Covenants, or Agreement, Statute Staple, or Statute Merchant, or Entry of Record in any Court or Office, except Recognizances on an Appeal from any Decree or Dismiss, made or pronounced by any Assistant Barrister in their respective Counties, or by the Recorder of the City of Dublin Any Record of Nisi Prius, or Postea

Any Custodium under the Seal of the Exchequer, grounded on an Outlawry in any Civil Action*- -

Any Marriage Licence to be issued from the Court of Prerogative

Any Indenture, Lease, Release, or Deed, not otherwise charged (except Indentures of Apprenticeship where no Apprentice Fee shall be given, or if any be given, where such Apprentice Fee shall not exceed the Sum of ten Pounds, and also except Indentures for binding Apprentice poor Parish Children, or other Children supported by Publick Chanties or Voluntary Contributions) -

Any Charter Party, Passport, or any Frotest, Procuration, Letter of Attorney, Warrant of Attorney (except Warrants of Attorney and Letters of Attorney hereby otherwise charged) or any other Notarial Act -

Any Petition in any of the superior Courts of Law or Equity Any Letter of Attorney empowering any Person to receive Rents Any Letter of Attorney empowering any Person to execute Leases Any Admission into any Corporation or Company -

Any Decree or Dismissal made by or in the Court of Chancery Any Decree or Dismissal made by or in the Court of Exchequer -

Any Special Bail to be taken in any of the Courts in Dublin, or before any of the Judges of the fed Courts, or in any Court whatsoever

Any Common Bail to be filed in any Court whatsoever, and any Appearance that shall be made on such Bail -

Any Affidavit {except such Affidavits as shall be taken before the Officers of his Majesty's Customs or Excise; Affidavits relative to criminal Prosecutions, to Road Presentments, or accounting for the Publick Money; Affidavits made for the Purpose of regillering Freeholds, and all Affidavits to be made before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or before a Magistrate of any Corporation adding as a Justice of the Peace; and Affidavits to be taken by a Magistrate acting in any Court of Conference, or of summary Jurisdiction, or before any Judge of Assize, or Commission of Oyer and Terminer relative to Prosecutions or Trials on Indict-ments, or to Civil Bills, or that shall be made for the Purpose of raising or accounting for the Publick Money; and except Affidavits made in pursuance of any Act relative to the Hempen or Linen Manufactures, or to the Payment of Corn Premiums, or before the Trustees of any Turnpike, relative to the Roads or Tolls of such Turnpike, or before the Dublin Society; and except Affidavits or Affirmations, by this Act directed to be made, before one or more of the Commissioners for managing Sfamp Duties, or before a Commissioner for taking Affidavits with respect to the Regulations or Management of this Act) -

Any Copy of such Affidavit which shall be read in any Court whatsoever

Any original Writ, Subpoena, Writ of Habeas Corpus, Writ of Capias Quo Minus, Writ of De-dimus Potestatem, to take Answers, examine Witnesses, or appoint Guardians, or any other Writ whatsoever; or any other Processor Mandate that shall issue out of, or pass the Seal of, »any of the Courts in Dublin, or any other Court whatsoever holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage doth Amount to forty Shillings or above, or the Thing in Demand is of that Value -

Any Entry of any Action in the Mayor's or Sheriff's Courts in the City of Dublin, and in Courts of all Corporations, and in all other Courts whatsoever, out of which no Writ, Process, or Mandate issued, holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage doth Amount to Forty Shillings or i above^ -

Any Rule or Order (except in Causes prosecuted upon Indictments or Presentments) made or'given hi any of the Courts in Dublin, either Courts of Law or Equity, which shall be taken out -

Any Copy of such Rules or Orders (except in Causes prosecuted upon Indictments or Presentments), or any Copy of any other Record or Proceedings in any of the said Courts in Dublin not hereby otherwise charged -

DUTY.

£-- d

409 10 o o

20 O O

O^O

o io o

05a 2 5 6

o y o

049 026 1 2

5 11 o 10 o o i 6

9

6

040

o 1 a

016

002

010

o 10

010

a 1 ©

An j

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE A. continued.

ARTICLES.

Any Citation, or Monition, made in the Prerogative Court, or in any Ecclesiastical Court, or any Libel or Allegation, Deposition, Answer, Sentence, or Decree, or any Inventory exhibited in the Prerogative Court, or in any Ecclesiastical Court, or the Court of Admiralty, or any Copies of them respectively (except in Suits for the Recovery of Seamen's Wages)

Any Warrant to any Attorney or Solicitor to appear for any Plaintiff or Defendant in any A&ionor Suit at Law, or in Equity, and to prosecute or defend such Action or Suit, or to confcfs Judgment thereon -

Any Contract, Bond, or other Obligatory Instrument, conditioned for the Payment of any principal Sum, not amounting to one hundred Pounds -

Any Contract, Bond, or other Obligatory Instrument, conditioned for the Payment of any principal Sum, amounting to one hundred Pounds, and not amouriting to two hundred Pounds -

Any Contract, Bond, or other Obligatory Instrument, conditioned for the Payment of any principal Sum, amounting to two hundred Pounds, and not amounting to five hundred Pounds Any Contract, Bond, or other Obligatory Instrument, conditioned for the Payment of any principal Sum, amounting to five hundred Pounds, and not amounting to one thousand rounds -

Any Contract, Bond, or other Obligatory Instrument, conditioned for the Payment of any principal Sum, amounting to one thousand Pounds, and not amounting to two thousand rounds -

Any Contract, Bond, or other Obligatory Instrument, conditioned for the Payment of any principal Sum, amounting to two thousand Pounds, and not amounting to five thousand Pounds -

Any Contract, Bond, or other Obligatory Instrument, conditioned for the Payment of any principal Sum, amounting to five thousand Pounds or upwards -

Any Bond on the Exportation of Goods or Merchandize entitled to Bounty, Drawback, or Allowance of Duties -

Any other Bond not herein-before charged -

Any Judgment, under one hundred Pounds, which shall be signed by the Master of any Office, or his Deputy or Secondary, or by any Prothonotary, or his Secondary, Deputy, or Clerk, or any other Officer belonging to any of the Courts of the City of Dubitnt who have Power or usually do or shall sign Judgments -

Any such Judgment, which shall be for one hundred Pounds, and shall not exceed two hundred Pounds -

And a further Duty of Sixpence for every one hundred Pounds for which such Judgments shall be signed exceeding the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

Any Foreign or Inland* Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, where the Sum therein expressed shall not exceed ten Pounds (except Promissory Notes for any Sum not exceeding two Pounds ten Shillings, passed on account of Tythes, or for Money lent by any Society on charitable Loan) -

Where the Sum expressed therein shall exceed ten Pounds, and shall not exceed thirty Pounds Where the Sum expressed therein shall exceed thirty Pounds, and shall not exceed fifty Pounds Where the Sum expressed therein shall exceed fifty Pounds, and shall not exceed one hundred Pounds -

And where the Sum expressed therein shall exceed one hundred Pounds -

Any Receipt or other Discharge given on the Payment of Money amounting to two Pounds, and not amounting to twenty Pounds -

Where the Sum shall amount to twenty Pounds, and not exceed fifty Pounds And where the Sum shall exceed fifty Pounds Any Memorial of any Deed, Conveyance, Will, or Devise, which, shall be registered in the Publick Office for registering such Memorials, or shall be entered in any of the Courts of Record in Ireland (except Memorials of Demises, and except Memorials of Assignments of Judgments for any Sum not exceeding one hundred Pounds) above all other Duties payable thereon

Any Memorial of any Demise, or of an Agreement to demise, or of an Asignment of a Judgment, for any Sum not exceeding one hundred Pounds -

Any Declaration, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer, or other Pleading, in any Court of Law Any Copy of any Declaration, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer, or other Pleading, in any Court of Law, or any Copy of any Record to be furnished to the twelve Judges for the Hearing of Causes in Error in the Court of Exchequer Chamber -

Any Bill, Answer, Replication, Rejoinder, Interrogatories, Depositions taken by Commissioners, or any Pleadings whatsoever, in the Courts of Chancery or Exchequer, except Exceptions.to Answers filed in the said Courts -

Any Exception or Exceptions to any Answer filed in any Court of Equity in Ireland^ to be charged upon each. Exception, whether joined with any other or others on the same Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or not -

43 Geo. III. 4 U

C. 21.

DUTY.

£. /. d

01 ©

0 2 0 0 2 6

050

0 10 o

1 5

1 10 o

2 0 0 3 o

020

026

050 o 10

o o x

009

010

l 6

3 o

0 0 3

OO4 006

o 10 o

026 0 2 0

0 0 3 040

0 2 6 And

69S C. 21

43 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

SCHEDULE A. continued,

[Exceptions continued.] articles.

And a further Duty for the same after the Rate of one Shilling and Sixpence for every ninety Words which each and every Exception shall contain, over and above the first ninety Words.

And a further Duty upon each and every Exception over above the first ten Exceptions, of

And a further Duty upon the fame, after the Rate of two Shillings and Sixpence for every ninety Words which each and every such Exception shall contain over and above the first ninety Words.

Any Depositions taken in the Court of Chancery or Court of Exchequer, except the Paper Drafts of such Depositions taken by virtue of any Commission before they are engrossed, which are not herein-before charged -

Any Copy of any Bill, Answer, Plea, Demurrer, Replication, Rejoinder, Interrogatories, Depositions, or other Proceedings whatsoever, taken in the Court of Chancer)', or Court of Exchequer, or in any Court of Equity (except always all Proceedings in any Suit in any of the Courts aforesaid which shall be sued, prosecuted, or had, by any Person admitted to sue or defend therein in Forma Pauperis) -

Any Paper containing publick News, Intelligence, or Occurrences, not herein otherwise charged -

Any Paper containing publick News, Intelligence, or Occurrences, which shall be published once in ever)r Week and not oftener -

Any Bill of Lading which shall be signed for any Goods exported

Any Instrument entitling any Person or Persons exporting any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to any Drawback or Bounty on exporting the same -

Any Licence to keep a Lottery Office -

Any Licence to keep one or more Printing Press or Presses -

Apy Licence for retailing Spirituous Liquors, or Tea and Groceries, or any Licence to manufacture or deal in any Tobacco, or for manufacturing Candles or Soap for Sale, or for felling or manufacturing Paper Hangings, or for felling or making Gold or Silver Plate for Sale, or for felling home-made Spirits as a Factor, or by Wholesale, or For keeping a Coffee House, or for selling by Retail, or otherwise dealing in Coffee, or for keeping a Tan Yard or Tan Pit for dressing Hides or Skins in Oil, or for making Vellum or Parchment, or for keeping a Malt House, or making Malt for Sale, or for felling by Auction, or for making Glass Bottles, or for keeping a Mill or Mills for making Paper, to brew or make for Sale any Sweets or made Wines, to make Metheglin or Mead for Sale, to make Vinegar for Sale, or to any Person not 'being a Maltster or Maker of Malt, felling Malt on Commission or otherwise Any Daily Account, or Daily Bill of Goods imported into or exported from Ireland, or Abstract thereof included in any other Publication, except such Daily Accounts or Bills of Imports or Exports as shall be printed or published by any Officer or Officers authorized to print the same by the lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the Time being, and pursuant to the said Authority -

Any Account or Bill of Goods imported into or exported from Ireland, printed or published weekly, monthly, or at any other Time or Times, as Accounts, or Abflra&s of Accounts of such Goods for each Day's Account contained therein, except such Accounts, or Bills of Imports or Exports, as shall be printed or published by such Officer or Officers as aforesaid

d.

4 G

o o

° 3

o o

50

5

4

6

o 1

o o o o

-00

001

_ SCHEDULE B.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be engrossed, written, or printed any of the following Articles, or any Part thereof, the respective Duties following, viz.

articles.

DUTY.

Any Summons or Process whereby the Defendant or Defendants shall be required to appear or answer the Plaintiff's Bills, or to appear before any Recorder, Assistant Barrister, Sencfchal, or Steward of a Manor Court, or other Judge or Officer, in any Proceeding in a summary Way

by Civil Bill...

Any Copy of any such Summons - O

Any Decree to be made or pronounced by any Assistant Barrister at the Sessions of the Peace, or Adjournments thereof, in Causes heard by Civil Bill, where the Sum recovered shall be under five Pounds O

Any Decree to be made or pronounced by any Assistant Barrister at the Sessions of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, where the Sum decreed shall amount to five Pounds or upwards, but shall not amount to ten Pounds -.o

Any such Decree, where the Sum decreed shall amount to ten Pounds or upwards - O

Any Dismiss made or pronounced by any Assistant Barrister --- o

Any Removal of a Decree or Dismiss on any Proceeding by Civil Bill, whether such Decree or Difmifc shall have been made or pronounced by a Judge of Assize or Assistant-Barrister o

2 2

6

6

r 6

Any

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 21.

SCHEDULE B. continued. duty.

articles. £. s. d.

Any Recognizance on an Appeal from any Decree or Dismiss made or pronounced by an Assistant Barrister ..... 026

Any Decree or Dismiss made or pronounced by the Seneschalor Steward of every Manor Court

in any Proceeding by Civil Bill - 016

SCHEDULE C.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper or other Materials, on which shall be engrossed, written, or printed, any of the following Articles or Things, the respective Duties following, viz.

ARTICLES* DUTY.

For every Almanack or Calendar for any one particular Year, or for any Time less than a Year, which shall be printed on one Side only of any one Sheet or Piece of Paper or other Materials only, and which shall not be printed so as to be afterwards separated into Leaves, or bound as a Book or Pamphlet - 002

For every other Almanack or Calendar for any particular Year, or for any Time less than a Year o o 6

For every Almanack or Calendar made to serve for any Time longer than a Year, or for several

Years, for every Year or Excef3 above a Year contained therein ... o o

For every Dublin Directory - -9o Q 2

SCHEDULE D.

Of the several undamped Articles and Things chargeable with the following Duties under the Commissioners of

Stamp Duties.

ARTICLES. DUTY.

£. x. d.

For every Advertisement to be contained or published in any Gazette, Newspaper, Journal, or Daily Accounts, to be published weekly or oftener, or in any other printed Paper or Pamphlet dif-perfect or made public yearly, monthly, or at any other Interval of Time, or in any Hand Bill, containing more than one Advertisement, a Duty of - o I

And a further Duty for the fame, after the Rate of one Shilling for every ten Lines every such Advertisement shall contain over and above the first ten Lines, no such Lines to exceed twenty M's of the Letter called Long Primer, or two Inches and three Quarters of an Inch; and if such Advertisement shall be printed in Lines exceeding such Length as aforesaid, then Treble the Duties aforesaid Ihal be paid for it.

For every Pamphlet or Paper, not exceeding fix Sheets in Octavo, or in a lefier Page, and not exceeding twelve Sheets in Quarto, or twenty Sheets in Folio, a Duty after the Rate of two Shillings for every Sheet of any Kind of Paper contained in one printed Copy or ImpressioE thereof

For all Insurances for insuring Houses, Furniture, Merchandize, or other Property from Loss by Fire, a Duty after the Rate of one Shilling for every one hundred Pounds insured thereby.

For all Insurances upon any Life or Lives, a Duty after the Rate of one Shilling and Sixpence for every one hundred Pounds insured thereby.

For all Insurances for insuring Ships, Goods, Wares, or Merchandize from the Danger of, or other Perils at Sea, where the Premium or Rate of Insurance exceeds the Sum of twenty Shillings for every one hundred Pounds insured save and except where such Insurance shall be upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any Property or Interest for any Voyage to or from any Part or Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or the Isle of Man, from or to any other Part or Place in the said Kingdom, or in the said Islands of Gtiernfey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, where the Sum to be insured shall amount to one hundred Pounds) a Duty of five Shillings, and so progressively for every Sum of one hundred Pounds insured.

Where the Sum to be insured shall not amount to one hundred Pounds, save as aforesaid, ) a

like Duty of - - - -05#

And where the Sum to be insured save as aforesaid) shall exceed one hundred Pounds, or any progressive Sums of one hundred Pounds each, by any Fractional Part of one hundred Pounds, a like Duty of five Shillings for such Fractional Part of one hundred Pounds.

For all such Insurances save as aforesaid) where the Premium or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, actually and bond side paid, given, or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of twenty Shillings, where the Sum so to be insured shall amount to one hundred Pounds, a Duty of two Shillings and Sixpence; and so progressively for every Sum of one hundred Pounds insured.

And where the Sum so to be insured shall not amount to one hundred Pounds, a like Duty of o 2 6

And where the Sum to be insured shall exceed one hundred Pounds, or any progressive Sums of one hundred Pounds each, by any Fractional Part of one hundred Pounds, al ke Duty of two Shillings and Sixpence for such Fra6fional Part of one hundred Pounds; the said Duties on Infurauces to be paid by the Allured therein.

4U2 For

C. 21)22

40 Ge J. 3.

(I.)* 16.

From March 15, 1803, Duties payable by Ite-ttilers of Hats.

si. Stamp for Licence to fell in a City or Town Corporate; 5 s. tifewbeie.

6d. for each Hat from 5s. to 7s.

is. from 7s to X 28.

11. 6d. from 12s. to 16s. 3d.

as. per Hat, Value 16s. 3d. and upwards.

5*1. Penalty for fcilingHr.ls without Licence.

Comraiflioneu

of.tamps to grant L; cencei annually.

43 GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

SCHEDULE D. continued duty.

articles. £. 4. d*

For all Insurancet where the Premium or Rate of Insurance exceeds the Sums of twenty Shillings, for every one hundred Pounds insured, for insuring Ships, Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or other Property or Interest, for any Voyage to or from any Part or Place of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, ferfey, Alderney, Sark, or the Isle of Man, from or to any other Part or Place in the said Kingdom, or in the said Islands of Guernsey, Jersey,

Alderney, Sark, or Man % where the Sum to be insured shall amount to one hundred Pounds, a Duty of two Shillings and Sixpence, and so progressively for every Sum of one hundred Pounds.

Where the Sum to be insured shall not amount to one hundred Pounds, a like Duty of 026 And where the Sum to be insured shall exceed one hundred Pounds, or any progrefliveSums of one hundred Pounds each, by any Fractional Part of one hundred Pounds, a like Duty of two Shillings and Sixpence for such Fractional Part of one hundred Pounds.

For all such Insurances, where the Premium, or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, actually and b nd side paid, given, or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of twenty Shillings, where the Sum so to be iniured shall amount to one hundred Pounds, a Duty of one Shilling and Sixpence, and so progressively for every Sum of one hundred Pounds insured.

And where the Sum so to be insured shall not amount to one hundred Pounds, a like Duty of o 1 6

And where the Sum to be insured shall exceed one hundred Pounds, or any progressive Sums of one hundred Pounds each, by any Fractional Part of one hundred Pounds, a like Duty of one Shilling and Sixpence for such Fractional Part of one hundred Pounds; all the said Duties on Insurances to be paid by the Assured therein.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Licences to Persons felling Hats, and on Hats sold by Retail in Ireland.

[24th March 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Duties

therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties, certain Duties were granted,

for a Time therein limited, on all Licences to persons felling Hats, and on Hats sold by Retail in Ireland,

1 which said recited Act has, by divers Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, been continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three; and it is expedient that the said Du-

ties should be further continued, and that the Collection of the same Should be regulated in Manner herein-

after mentioned : 9 May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, there shall be throughout /reAx/w/raised, levied, collected, and paid unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several and respective Rates and Duties following 5 (that is to say), All Persons uttering or vending in Ireland by Retail any Hats, commonly caHcd or known by the Name of Felt or Wool, Stuff or Beaver Hats, or any Leather or Japanned Hats, shall annually take out a Licence for that Purpose in Manner herein after prescribed; and where the Person so uttering or vending by Retail such Hats as aforesaid shall reside in any City or Town Corporate in Ireland, there mall be charged a Stamp Duty of one Pound; and where the Person uttering or vending by Retail any such Hats as aforesaid shall reside in any other Part of Ireland, there shall be charged a Duty of five Shillings; and for every Felt or Wool, Stuff or Beaver Hat, or any Leather or Japanned Hat, of the Price or Value of five Shillings, and not amounting to the Price or Value of seven Shillings, which shall be uttered, vended, or sold by any Person or Persons taking out such Licence, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Sixpence; for every Felt or Wool, Stuff or Beaver Hat, or any Leather or Japanned Hat, amounting to the Price or Value of seven Shillings, and not amounting to the Price or Value of twelve Shillings, which shall be uttered, vended, or sold by any Person taking out such Licence, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of one Shilling; for every Felt or Wool, Stuff or Beaver Hat, or any Leather or Japanned Hat, amounting to the Price or Value of twelve Shillings, and not amounting to the Price or Value of sixteen Shillings and three-pence, which shall be uttered, vended, or sold by any Person taking out such Licence, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of one Shilling and Sixpence 5 for every Felt or Wool, Stuff or Beaver Hat, or any Leather or Japanned Hat, amounting to the Price or Value of sixteen Shillings and threepence or upwards, which (half be uttered, vended, or sold by any Person or Persons taking out such Licence, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of two Shillings.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, no Person whatsoever required by this Act to be licensed shall, unless he, she, or they be licei.fed in Manner herein after prescribed, utter, vend, or sell any Felt or Wool, Stuff or Beaver Hat, or any Leather or Japanned Hat in Ireland, upon Pain to forfeit for every Offence the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered and applied in Manner as herein after is directed.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day*of March One thousand eight hundred and three, any one or more of his Majesty's Commissioners appointed for managing the Duties in Ireland, arising by Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or some Person duly authorised by any one or more

7'of

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 22. 701

of them* shall grant Licences to such Persons who shall apply for the fame, to fell Felt or Wool, Stuff or Beaver Hats, or Leather or Japanned Hats in Ireland, such Licence to continue in force from the Day of granting the same until the twenty-fifth Day of March next after granting the fame; and all and every Person and Pet ions, who shall take out such Licences in Ireland for felling Hats, shall take out a fresh Licence for another Year, ten Days at lead before the twenty-fifth Day of March in each and every Year, if he or she shall continue to fell Hats by Retail; and shall in like Manner renew such Licence from Year to Year, paying down the respective Sums due for the Stamps on such Licence, as long as he or she shall continue to fell Hats by Retail.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Person, vending or exposing to Sale any Hat or Hat9 by Re- The Word* tail, and who shall have taken out a Licence for that Purpose as herein-before is direct'd, shall cause the P"!fer.n ^at* Words, " Dealer in Hats by Retail, " to be painted, printed, or written in large and legible Characters, ei- bcon^ihe ther over the Door, or in some visible Place on the Front of his, her, or their House, Shop, or Warehouse, House of each at the respective Place at which he, she, or they keep such Hats for Sale, to denote that such Person or Person licensed, Persons is a Dealer in Hats, and licensed for that Purpose; and if any Person so licensed as aforesaid shall Penalty 10U presume to fell any Hat without fixing or hanging out .such Notice as aforesaid, every Person so vending or

exposing to Sale any Hats shall, for every Hat so fold, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered and distributed as herein after is dirtded.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall have, or cause the Words, u Dealer in 50? Penalty for

u Hats, " to be fixed or put over the Door, or on any other Part of his, her, or their House or Shop, or having such Wardioufe, without being licensed as aforesaid, he, she, or they so offending shall, for every Offence, forfeit 'Yords without the Sum of fifty Pounds. Licence.

VI. 1 And whereas Doubts may arise what Person or Persons may be considered as a Retail Dealer or Deal- Who shall be*ere in Hats within the Construction of this Act*, be it therefore enacted and declared, That all Persons, who deemed R«-shall fell any less Quantity than one Dozen of Hats at one Time to any one Person, shall be deemed a Retailer UileiS#

of, and Retail Dealer in Hats, and shall be liable to take out a Licence for that Purpose.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more effectual levying and collecting the said Du- Sumps to be

tics on Hats, according to the Provisions of this Act, the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to provided by manage the Stamp Duties in Ireland, or any one or more of them, is or are hereby empowered and required to e)ecTck*-

provide and use such Stamps, to deuote the said Duties on Hats, as shall be requisite for the Execution of c"rHwa?ly.° this Act, and from Time to Time to alter or renew the fame, or make new Stamps to denote the said Duties,

as they, or any one or more of them, shall think fit, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act into Execution with Relation to the said Duties on Hats, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they, or any of them, are or is authorized to put iu Execution any Law now in force, or hereafter to be in force, concerning Stamp Duties of any Kind whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand How Duties eight hundred and three, the Rates of Duty by this Act imposed shall be calculated at and according to the foullbe ralcu-full Price and Value of the Hats, in respect of which such Duty shall be charged, and of all the Mountings , ated and and other Ornaments, except Gold and Silver Lace, fold or exposed to Sale therewith; and that every' Hat raa!kodon made wholly of Felt, Wool, Stuff, Beaver, or Leather, or any Mixture of the said Substances, or any of

them, or with any other Substance or Substances, by whatever Name such Hat shall be called or distinguished,

shall be liable to the said Duties by this Act imposed; and every such Hat, which, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, shall be sold and delivered, shall, previous to such Delivery, be lined or covered in the Inside of the Crown thereof with Silk, Linen, or other proper Materials whereon a durable Mark or Stamp can conveniently be affixed to denote the Duties by this Act imposed, and on which Materials a Stamp or Mark, to be provided by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act,

shall have been stamped or marked, according to the Rate of Duty calculated as aforesaid, and according to the Directions of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, for the greater Convenience in stamping such Materials as aforesaid, H >u Hat L: -

any Person or Persons whatever may bring or fend, or cause to be brought or (ent to the Head Office of Sumps h*

in Duilin, any Quantity proper to be used, and intended to be used for the Purpose of lining and covering the

Inside of the Crown of such Hats, and cut into Shapes for that Purpose, to be marked and llamped with such Marks and Stamps to be provided as aforesaid, to denote the Rates of Duties payable for the Hats to which such Materials are to be affixed, as the Person or Persons bringing the same shall require; and the said Commissioners, or their Officers to be employed under them for that Purpose, or some of them, shall from Time to Time, before the said Materials shall be stamped, take an Account of the Number of Shapes which shall be at any one Time brought to the said Head Office to be stamped, and of the several Rates and Duties required by the Person or Persons bringing the same to be stamped thereon, and enter the same in a Book or Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose, and upon taking such Account thereof shall mark or (lamp with one of the said Stamps, one of the Pieces of every such Lining, in such Part thereof and in such Manner as that the Stamp put thereon shall be and remain visible and conspicuous when and after the same shall have been affixed to any Hat in the Manner intended, and to be declared as herein is mentioned, the Person or Persons bringing the same to be so stamped as aforesaid, paying to the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties for the Time being, or his Clerk, the several Duties payable for the fame, by virtue of this Act, subject to such Discount and Allowance thereon, as is herein after provided; which Stamp or Mark, when put on such Lining or inside Covering in pursuance of this Act, shall be a sufficient Discharge for the Duty denoted thereby to be paid.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Comm'fioner* Stamp Duties for the Time being, or any one or more of them, if he or they shall think fit, and not other- nuy open Ae-

wife, C0UDt<

C. 2 2

43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Hmieis,

0.1 Security lor Payment of Dutits.

How Hntteri shall pass Vuuc'.ier J for Duty.

Discount.

Bonds for Duty not paid on Delivery ol Stamps.

Conditions of Bond.

Licensed Dealers may fell Hats to each other, without Stamps.

Hatters shall (ht*w how Linings are to be affixed, and Stamps shall be viliblt.

Commissioners m; iv make Re-gui-tions

to be p' inted and given to Dtalei s.

20l. Penalty for every Hat

fold or exchanged without Stamp.

*ol. Penalty for affixing Stamps previotifiy tiled lo other Hats.

wife to open an Account in Books to be provided by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, with any Person or Persons carrying on the Trade and Business of a Dealer or Dealers in, or a Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Linings for Hats, by this Act required to he stamped as aforesaid, who respectively shall have given, or caused to be given, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, Security by Bond, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Payment of the Duties at the Times and in the Manner to be prescribed by the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, as herein after is mentioned, and from Time to Time, at the Request of such Person or Persons, to stamp such Materials or Linings as shall be brought to the said Head Office for that Purpose, and to return the same so stamped, upon the Credit of such Person or Persons, he, she, or they first delivering, or causing to be delivered to the said Commissioners, or their Officers a Note, in Writing, signed by him, her, or them respectively, of the Quantities of Linings from tTime to Time required to be stamped, and the Amount and Denominations of the Stamps required to be put thereon, and on the lie-delivery of such Linings so damped, signing, or causing to be signed, a sufficient Receipt for the fame, for which Payments, if the same shall be duly performed according to the Directions of the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, the like Allowances, by way of Discount, may be made as herein directed, in case of present Payment of the said Duties; and that every Person, upon whose Credit any Lining damped according to the Directions of this Act shall be returned, and Payment thereof forborne, shall previously give, or cause to be given, a Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in such Form, and with such Security, as the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, may think reasonable, so as that the same may in no Case be less than the penal Sum of one hundred Pounds Sterling, with a Condition that if such Person or Persons shall, from Time to Time, well and truly make Payment of all such Sum and Sums of Money which shall be due and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Bond shall be void, but otherwise to be and remain in full Force; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, to fix the Times and Periods of making such Payments, and to specify the same in the Condition to every such Bond, and which shall not in any Case be by less than Two Payments in the Year, at equal Intervals, as nearly as may be; and every such Bond may be renewed from Time to Time, in the Discretion of the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, as often as the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, shall think fit.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Dealer or Dealers in Hats, being respectively licensed in pursuance of this Act, during the Continuance of such Licence, to fell to any other Dealer or Dealers in Hat9, licensed in like Manner, any such Hat or Hats wherein no Lining shall be affixed, stamped, or marked as by this Act is directed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons bringing any Linings or Inside Coverings for the Crowns of Hats, to be marked or stamped as aforesaid, shall, on Request made by the said Commissioners, or any of their Officers, declare the Uses of the different Parts or Pieces of any Lining or Inside Covering so brought, and also the Form and Manner of affixing every Part and Piece thereof in the Crown of any Hat, and shall shew to their Satisfaction, in what Part of such Lining or Inside Covering the Mark or Stamp can be put thereon, so that such Mark or Stamp so put thereon, when the same shall be affixed in or to any Hat, shall be visible and conspicuous; and the said Commissioners being satisfied therewith shall cause the same to be marked or stamped according to the Directions of the Person or Persons bringing the same, and they, or any one or more of them, is ana are hereby authorized and required, from Time to Time, to make such Regulations as they shall think fit and necessary, aa well to prevent the Concealment of the Stamp upon any Linings or Inside Coverings affixed to or in any such Hats, so as to prevent the Stamps fold and disposed of therewith from being made Use of again for the like Purpose contrary to the Provisions of this Act; which Regulations aforesaid, fairly printed by Order of the said Commissioners, shall be delivered to all and every Dealer or Dealers aforesaid, to be licensed upon his, her, -or their applying for the fame, at the Time of his, her, or their taking out any Licence under this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, n© Person or Persons (other than Manufacturers of Hats, or such licensed Dealers as aforesaid, felling Hats to other licensed Dealers as herein mentioned) shall fell or deliver upon Sale, or cause to be sold or delivered upon Sale, any Hat or Hats, subject to the said Stamp Duties by this Act imposed, or shall receive or cause to be received any Thing of Value by Way of Barter or in Exchange for any Hat, subject to the said recited Duties, or any of them, wherein no Lining or Inside Covering ffisdl be affixed at the Time of such Sale or Delivery, or wherein there shall be a Lining or Inside Covering affixed which shall not be marked or stamped according to the Directions of this Act, or that shall not be marked or stamped with a Mark or Stamp placed and affixed in the Inside of the Crown thereof in such Manner as to be visible and conspicuous therein; or that shall be marked or stamped with a Mark or Stamp of less Denomination or Value than by this Act is directed and required, under Pain that all and every such Person and Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay for every Hat so fold or delivered, the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is mentioned.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, cut or tear out, or cause to be cut or torn out, from any such Hat as aforesaid, the Lining or Inside Covering thereof, or any Piece or Part of such Lining or Inside Covering, which Lining or Inside Covering, or Piece or Part thereof, shall bear the Impression of any Mark or Stamp, provided by virtue of this Act, after the same Lining or Inside Covering shall have been uftd or worn, or disposed of with such Hat or Hats, so that the same can or may be affixed to any other Hat or Hats, liable to any of the said recited Duties; or with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs, or Succtffoi© of any of the said Duties; or shall affix or cause to be affixed, any Lining or Inside Covering, or any Piece or Part of any Lining or Inlidc Covering, bearing the Impression of any such Mark or Stamp, after the same shall

1 have

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 22.

>03

Persons ret ei-ving wearing Hits !i.tbk to Duty viibc ut shall forfeit 1CJ.

Licensed Dealers may (1 nd Hals to be damped, not less than one Doien.

have been ufedor worn, or sold or disposed of therewith, all and every the Person and Persons so offending in any of the Particulars before mentioned, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied in Manner as herein after directed.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, if any Person or Persons (other than licensed Dealers buying Hats from other licensed Dealers as aforesaid) shall receive on Sale, or if any Person or Persons shall, after the said twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, wear or use any Hat, subject to any of the Duties by this Act imposed, wherein no Lining or Inside Covering shall be affixed at the Time of such Delivery, or if such Hat being so used or worn, wherein a Lining or Inside Covering shall be affixed, shall not be marked or stamped according to the Directions of this Act, or shall not be marked or stamped with a Mark or Stamp placed therein m a visible and conspicuous Manner, then every such Person offending therein, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Dealer in Hats, duly licensed in pursuance of this Act, may bring or fend, or cause to be brought or sent, to the said Head Office, any Number of Plats, not less than one Dozen at any one Time, wherein a Lining or Inside Covering as aforesaid, shall then be affixed, to be marked and stamped with such Marks and Stamps as aforesaid as the Person or Persons so licensed shall require, subject to such Account of the Number of the Hats so brought, and to the Rates and Duties payable for the same as herein-before directed with respect to Linings to be brought to be damped; and the said Commissioners, or their Officers, shall cause the Lining or Inside Covering of every such Hat then affixed therein to be marked and damped in some conspicuous and visible Part thereof, according to the Directions herein-before contained; and the Person or Persons so bringing such Hats to be stamped, shall pay, or cause to be paid, the Duties payable for the fame, subject to the like Discount and Allowance as herein directed to be made on Payment of the said Duties; and that it shall and may be lawful for any Dealer or Dealers in Hats so licensed, during the Continuance of such Licence, to fell to any other Dealer or Dealers in Hats licensed in like Manner, any such Hat or Hats lined as aforesaid, for the Purpose of felling the same again, for Home Consumption, or to any Person or Persons whatever, for Exportation, before such Time as the Lining or Inside Covering thereof shall have been marked or damped in Manner before directed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if in any Action, Suit, or Information, for any Offence in using or wearing any Plat or Hats contrary to this Act, any Dispute shall arise whether the Duty by this Act imposed, hath been duly paid for such Hat or Hats, the Proof of the Fad that the Duty has been paid for such Hat or Hats shall lie on the Owner of such Hat or Hats, or Person accused of using or wearing the same contrary to this Act.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall offend against this Act shall, before his, her, or their Conviction, of or for such Offence, discover the other Person or Persons offending therein, the Person or Persons so discovering shall be admitted to give Evidence again! the Party informed against or prosecuted; and in case such Person or Persons so informed against or prosecuted be thereupon convicted, the Person or Persons so informing and prosecuting to Conviction shall be freed and discharged from any Penalty or Penalties, Forfeiture or Forfeitures, by him, her, or them incurred for any Offence against this Act, previous to such Discovery.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Stamp or Mark impressed upon any Lining or Inside Co-.

vering by virtue of this Act, or any Lining or Inside Covering whereon any such Mark or Stamp is marked or damped, shall be damaged in' affixing the same in or to any Hat as aforesaid, or in stamping the same or other- be changed, wife, so as to be rendered unfit for Use; and such Lining or Inside Covering shall not have been used or worn, or sold or disposed of, with any Hat or Hats, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons licensed in pursuance of this Act, to bring all such Linings or Inside Coverings so damaged, or any Linings or Inside Coverings having any damaged Marks or Stamps impressed thereon, to the Commissioners for managing the said Duties at their Head Office, or to some Officer or Officers appointed by them; and the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, are hereby respectively empowered and required to examine upon Oath, or solemn Affirmation of the Person if of the Profession of People called Quakers, (which Oath or solemn Affirmation the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, are hereby respectively authorized to administer, ) into all or any Circumstances relating to the fame; and upon due Proof made to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, of the Value of the respective Stamps so brought to the said Commissioners; and also that such Linings or Inside Coverings so damaged, or having impressed thereon any Marks or Stamps so damaged as aforesaid, or any of them, have not nor hath before been used or wrorn, or fold, or disposed of, with any Hat or Hats, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, to direct the proper Officer or Officers, and such Officer or Officers is and are hereby required and directed to cancel such damaged Marks or Stamps impressed upon such Linings or inside Coverings, and to mark or (lamp any Linings or Inside Coverings in lieu thereof, with Marks and Stamps of the same Denomination and Value without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly, any Sum or other Consideration for the same.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, haw k or carry about for Sale in Ireland, any Hat or Hats liable to any of the said recited Duties, without any Lining or Inside Covering affixed thereto or therein, or without a Lining or Inside Covering duly marked and stamped, with a Mark or Stamp visible and conspicuous on some Part thereof, as by this Act is directed, to denote the Payment of the Duty for the fame, at the Rate aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any Person to seize, apprehend, and carry before any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, any such Person or

Person*

Unftnmred Hats may be sold to licen fed Dealers or for Expoita* lion.

Proof to He on Owner.

One Offender may give Evident e against another and be indemnified.

Stamped Li-

401. Reward for

apprehending Hawkers of unlUmpcd Hats; Offenders committed not exceeding fix nor less than two Months.

7°4

Dii count.

n : tten shall nuke distinct Charges lor St. ini pi.

Unstamped Hats may be exported.

Licensed Dealers in Hats shall take out Permits from Commissioners to remove Hatt purchased from Manufacturers. [Sep cap. 97.

Penalty on improperly obtaining such Permits, tool.

Commissioner* may appoint Inspector of Stock of licensed Dealer in Hats.

Forging or counterfeiting Stamps,

Fine, Pillory, and Imprisonment, &c.

Application of Duties.

Powers of Stamp Acts extended to this Act*.

C. 22. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Persons To offending; and every Person seizing or apprehending such Offender or Offenders, and carrying him* her, or them before such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, upon Conviction of tvery such Offender or Offenders, by his, her, or their own Confession, or by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Wit-rteffes, and producing a Certificate of such Conviction, under the Hand of such Justice, which Certificate the said Justice is hereby required to give (without Fee to be taken for the fame), shall be entitled to a Reward of forty Shillings, to.be paid by the Receiver General of his Majesty's Stamp Duties in Ireland\ and it shall and may be lawful for any such justice of the Peace, and he is hereby required to commit every such Offender so apprehended and convicted as aforesaid, to the House of Correction, or Gaol, or Bridewell of the said County, City, or Place, for any Time not exceeding fix, nor less than two Calendar Months, as to such Justice shall letm meet.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the Time being, for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, shall allow and pay to the respective Persons that shall purchase Stamps in pursuance of this Act, at the Head Office, to the Amount of ten Pounds at any one Time, such Allowance by way of Discount, as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury shall from Time to Time direct, upon prompt Payment of the said Duty or Duties upon the said Stamps so to them supplied.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons shall make any Bargain for the Sale of any Hat or Hats, subject to the Duties by this Act imposed, or shall deliver in any Bill or Charge for any such Hat or Hats fold, such Person and Persons respectively shall distinguish the Price of every such Hat, from the Amount of the Duty payable thereon, and shall in every such Bill or Charge also make a distinet and separate Charge for the Stamp or Stamps which shall have been impressed upon the Linings or lnfide Coverings of such Hat or Hats so charged in such Bill.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawffulto and for any Person or Persons to export from the lawful Quays, in the lawful Hours, any Number of Hats not less in Quantity than one Dozen in any one Package, either lined or unlined, and if lined, then without the same being stamped or marked as by this Act is directed.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That no Person or Persons so licensed or to be licensed to deal in Hats, shall take away or remove, or cause to be taken away or removed, from the House, Shop, or Warehouse of any Manufacturer, any Hat or Hats which such Person or Persons shall purchase from such Manufacturer, until such Person or Persons so purchasing such Hats, shall have previously furnished to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland\ a true Statement, in Writing, subscribed with the proper Name and Handwriting of such Person or Persons, of the Number and Quality of fqph Hats, and until such Person or Persons shall previously have taken out from some one of the said Commissioners, a Permit under the Hand of such Commissioner, authorizing such Person or Persons to remove and take away such Hats, and which Permit the said Commissioners are hereby respectively authorized to grant, and which Permit shall ft ate the true Number and Quality of the Hats contained in the aforesaid written Statement thereof, to be signed by the Person or Persons purchasing such Hats as aforesaid; and if such Person or Persons shall furnifti a false Statement to the said Commissioners, of the Number or Quality of any Hats to be purchased by him, her, or them, as aforesaid, then and in any of the said Cases, ne, (he, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and all the Hats so to be purchased or removed as aforesaid, shall also be forfeited, and be liable to be seized and carried away.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland, or any one or more of them, as often as it shall seem fit to him or them so to do, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to authorize and impower any Person or Persons, with the Assistance of a Magistrate, or any Peace Officer, in the Day Time, to enter into the House, Shop, Workshop, or Warehouse, of any Hatter, or other Person or Persons licensed to fell Hats as aforesaid, and to search for, view, inspect, and examine all and every such Hat and Hats as shall be in the House, Shop, Workshop, or Warehouse of any such Hatter or Hatters, or other Person or Persons licensed to fell Hats as aforesaid; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person and Persons so authorized as aforesaid, with the Assistance of a Magistrate or Peace Officer, in the Day Time, to enter into the House, Shop, Workshop, or Warehouse of such Hatter or Hatters, or other Person or Persons licensed to fell Hats as aforesaid, and to search for, view, inspect, and examine all and every such .Hat and Hats as shall be in such House, Shop, Workshop, or Warehouse.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Stamp or Mark directed to be allowed or used, or provided, made, or used in pursuance of this Act; or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; or shall utter, vend, or sell, or expose to sale, or cause or procure to be uttered, vended, or fold, or exposed to Sale, any Piece of Silk, Linen, or other Material, or Thing with such counterfeit Mark or Stamp thereon, knowing such Mark or Stamp to be counterfeited; or if any Person shall fraudulently use any Stamp or Mark directed or allowed to be used by this Act, or any Stamp or Mark in Imitation thereof, then and in any of the said Cases, every Person so offending and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall, for every such Offence, be adjudged to suffer and shall accordingly suffer such Punishment by Fine, Imprisonment, Pillory, and other corporal Punishment, or by any or either of the said Pu-niQiments as shall be adjudged by the Court before whom such Person shall be tried, such Imprisonment not to exceed six Months.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Duties hereby granted shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed, or to be prescribed or appointed by any Act or Acts of Parliament relating

A.D. 1803.

43 GEO'RGII III.

O22.

latingto any Stamp Duties in Ireland\ except in Cases where other Powers, Penalties, or Provisions are made or prescribed by this Act in lieu thereof, shall be of full Force and Effeft, with relation to the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, and ftiaH be applied and put in Execution for raising, levying, collecting, and securing the said Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been repeated in this present Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties hereby imposed shall be divided and distri-l: uted (if sued for within the Space of twelve Calendar Months from the Time of any such Penalties being incurred) in Manner following; that is to say, one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties imposed on any Person or Persons for Offences committed against this Act, shall and may be sued for and recovered, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Ireland, with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed, or by Civil Bill, at any General Assizes for any County, County of a City, or CcTunty of a Town, or before any Assistant Barrister of any County at any Session to be held therein, or before the Recorder of the City of Dublin.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace, residing near the Place where the Offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any Offence again 11 this Act which subjects the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty, which said Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and required, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made in that Behalf, at any Time within twelve Calendar Months after such Offence shall have been committed against this Act, to summon the Party accused, and also the Witness or Witnesses on either Side, and shall examine into the Matter of Fast, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath such Magistrate is hereby empowered to admifter, ) to give

Kement or Sentence, for the Penalty or Forfeiture, according as in or by this Act is directed; all which hies and Forfeitures, so adjudged, shall be divided and distrifcuted, one Moiety thereof to the Informer or Informers svho shall prosecute for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof, the necessary Charges for the Recovery thereof being first deducted, shall be paid to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Manner herein after directed; and the said Justice is hereby authorized and required to award and issue out his Warrant, under his Hand and Seal, for levying any such pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures so adjudged on the Goods of the Offender or Offenders, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six Days after Seizure, rendering to the Party the Overplus (if any); and where Goods of the Offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the Penalty or Penalties, to commit the said Offender or Offenders to the House of Correctiono Gaol, or Bridew ell, of the County, City, or Place, there to remain for the Space of three Calendar Months, unless such pecuniary Penalty or Penalties shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if any Person or Persons shall find him or herself, or themselves, aggrieved by the Judgement of any such Justice, then he, she, or they shall-or may, upon giving sufficient Security, by Recognizance, before such Magistrate, to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty or Forfeiture, together with such Costs as shall be awarded in case such Judgement shall be affirmed, which Recognizance such Magistrate is hereby empowered and required to receive, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General or Quarter Sessions for the County or Place wherein the Offence was committed, next following such Conviction, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame; and in case the Judgement shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices of the Peace to award the Person or Persons so appealing, to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal, as to them the said Justices shall seem meet.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor, or of the Person or Persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied and paid in such Manner and by such Means as in and by this Act is directed as to other Penalties.

XXXIII. ' And, in order to avoid frivolous and vexatious Appeals, be it further enacted, That the Justice of the Peace, before whom any Offender shall he convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect, mutatis mutandis; which Conviction shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, without Hating the Cate or the Facts or Evidence in any more particular Manner; that is to say,

I)E it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

1 s/. R. of in the County of was

convicted before me C. D.y one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, residing near to the Place where the Offence was committed, for that the said W. R. % on the Day of

now last past, at the of in the said County of

did £Here state the Offence a^amfl the said .//<'/], contrary' to the Statute iu that Case made and provided. Given under my Hand and Seal the Day of .*

Which Conviction the said Justice shall canfe to be written fairly upon Parchment, and returned to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County or Place where such Conviction was made, to be filed with the Clerk of the Peace, and there to remain and be kept among the Records of the same County or Place. 43 Geo. III. 4 X XXXIV. Pro-

705

Distributi of Penalties if fuei for wiihiu 11 Months.

How Penalties may be sued for.

Justice* may convi-ft for pecuniary Penalties

and levy Penalties by Sale, or, in default, .commitOd'cuder for juice Months.

Appeal to Quarter Seftont.

5l. Penalty on \V itndTes not attending, without reafmable Excuse,

Canvi^iont A* I be in the follow-

Form;

and teftn-f.ed t« General

Quaner Sessionf, and bled.

yo6

Justices may mitigate Penalties.

Con visions not removable by Certiorari,

Hats of Non-commissioned Oncers and Soldiers exempted from Duty.

Irish Act,

40 Geo. 3. c. 59. recited.

From March 15, lSo3, Persons keeping or using any Dog, Gun, Jcc. for killing Game in Ireland, shall deliver an Account of their Name, ice. to the Dif-tiibutor of Stamps, and annually take out a Certificate; as shall likewise Gamekeepers, who shall register their Deputations; and pay a Stamp Duty of al. 5s. 6d.

Distributor of Stamps shall, on Payment of Doty and n. 6d., iiTuc Certificate.

Form of Certificate.

V

C. 22, 23. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

XXXIV. Provided always nevertheleft, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice, where he shall see Cause, to mitigate and lessen any such Penalties as he shall think fit; the reasonable Costs of the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the fame, being always allowed over and above such Mitigation; and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalties to less than one Moiety of the Penalties incurred, over and above the said Costs and Charges, any Thing contained in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and such Conviction shall not be removed by Certiorari into any Court whatsoever.

Limitation of Actions six Months. Venue, where Cause of Action arises. General Issue. Treble Costs, §35."

XXXVI. Provided ahvay3, That nothing in this Act contained shall charge with any Duty any Military Hat to be worn by any Non-commissioned Officer, Private, Drummer, or Musician in any of his Majesty's Regiments of the Line, Militia, or Fencibles.

Duties and Penalties to be paid in Irish Currency, §37. Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §38."

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Certificates with respect to the killing of

Game in Ireland.

[24th March 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth Year of his present Majesty's W Reign, intituled, /In Ad to amend and explain an Act baffed in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied )>y the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties, ' certain Duties were granted for a 4 Term therein limited on Certificates to Persons not acting as Gamekeepers, keeping or using any Dog,

Gun, Net, or other Engine for the taking or Dellnidion of Game; and also on Certificates of Imputations or Appointments of Gamekeepers; which said recited Act has, by divers Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, been continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand fight hundred and three, and it is expedient that the said Duties should be further continued, and that the Collection of the same should be regulated in Manner herein after-mentioned May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid throughout Ireland\ unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties following; that is to say, that every Person in Ireland who shall keep or use any Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine fit for, or commonly used for the taking or Deflmdion of Game, not acting as a Gamekeeper under or by virtue of a Deputation or Appointment (duly j*egiftered), shall previously deliver in a Paper or Account in Writing, containing the Name and Place of Abode of such Person to the Distributor ot Stamps in the City of Dublin, or to a Distributor of Stamps in Ireland) for the County in w'hich such Person shall reiide, and in case there shall be no Distributor in such County, then and in such Case, to the Distributor dwelling nearest to the Residence of such Person, and annually take out a Certificate thereof from one of such Distributors; and that every Deputation or Appointment of a Gamekeeper granted to any Person by any Lord or Lady of a Manor in Ireland, shall be registered with the Distributor of Stamps in the City of Dublin, or with a Distributor of Stamps in Ireland in the County wherein such Manor shall lie, and the Gamekeeper so appointed shall annually take out a Certificate thereof from one of such Distributors; and that upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper upon which any such Certificate which shall be granted, to any or either of such Persons respectively, shall be engrafted, written, or printed, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of two Pounds five Shillings and Sixpence Irish Currency; which said Pieces of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheets or Pieces of Paper respectively, with such Stamp thereon, shall be found and provided by the Person or Persons requiring such Certificates respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, every Person delivering into the Office of any such Distributor of Stamps in Ireland as aforesaid a Paper or Account in Writing, containing the Name and Place of Abode of such Person, and every Gamekeeper to whom any such Deputation or Appointment shall be granted as aforesaid, registering the same in Manner aforesaid, and producing a Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, stamped with the Duty of two Pounds five Shillings and Sixpence, and also paying the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence to such Distributor of Stamps as aforesaid for his Trouble, and requiring a Certificate thereof, shall be annually entitled to such Certificate; and every such Distributor of Stamps shall thereupon issue a Certificate on such stainped Paper, Vellum, or Parchment, to the Effect or Form following; (that is to say),

I A.B. Distributor of Stamps for the County of or City of fo/ the Cafe

may happen to be-\, do hereby declare that of in the Parish of

4 in the Barony of and County or City, las the Case may be], of hath this

Day delivered into my Office a Paper-Writing, or Account, containing his Name and Place of Abode;

lor, as the Case may happen to be, hath this Day registered a Deputation, whereby he is appointed a Gamekeeper by for the Manor or Lands of; ] which I do hereby certify, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament passed in the forty-third Year of the Reign of his Majesty, intituled, [here set forth the Title of this Act], 9

A.D. 1803, 43° GEORGII III. C. 23.

III. And be it further enacted, That such Distributor of Stamps, after he shall have signed such Certificate, shall forthwith issue the fame, damped as hereia-bofore is directed, to the Person or Persons respectively requiring the same in Manner aforesaid, and shall, previous to the Delivery thereof, be entitled to demand and receive of and from such Person the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence for his own Trouble in that Behalf; and in case any such Distributor of Stamps shall, upon Payment or Tender to him of the said Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence, and on Product ion of such Paper, Vellum, or Parchment stamped as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to issue to such Person as aforesaid so delivering in such Paper or Account in Writing, or registering such Deputation as aforesaid, a Certificate in Manner and Form as herein-before is directed, every such Diitnbutor 01 Stamps shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds Irish Currency, and moreover be liable to pay to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Duty payable on such Certificate.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Certificate issued by any Distributor of Stamps pursuant to this Act, shall bear Date on the Day of the Month on which the same shall be issued, and shall endure and remain in force from thence until the twenty-fifth Day of March next following the Date thereof, and no longer; and if any Distributor of Stamps shall issue any Certificate to any Person otherwise than as herein-before directed, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds Irish Currency.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, if any Person shall keep or use any Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, or other Dog, or any Gun, Net, or other Engine, for the Taking or Destruction of any Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Heath Fowl, commonly called Black Game, or Grouse, commonly called Red Game, or any other Game whatsoever, without having obtained such Certificate in such Manner as herein -before is directed; every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds Irish Currency.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, if any Person to whom any Deputation or Appointment of a Gamekeeper shall have been, or at any Time hereafter shall be granted by any Lord or Lady of a Manor in Ireland\ shall, for the Space of twenty Days next after the said twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, or for the Space of twenty Days next after the twenty-fifth Day of March in each and every Year, or for the Space of twenty Days next after such Deputation or Appointment shall be first granted, neglect or refuse to register the fame, and take out a Certificate thereof in the Manner herein-before aireded, every such Person not having obtained such Certificate as aforesaid in pursuance of this Act, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds Irish Currency.

VII. And be it further ertaded, That the several Distributors in Ireland shall, on or before the fifth Day of every Month, transmit to the Commissioners of Stajnp Duties in Ireland, at the Head Office of Stamps in Dublin, a correct Lift in Alphabetical Older, of the Certificates by them respectively issued in the then last preceding Month, and on the Delivery thereof, the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties in Ireland, shall pay every such Distributor of Stamps for making out and writing any such Lift, after the Rate of one Halfpenny for the Name of every such Person to whom such Certificate shall have been issued, and which shall be inserted in such Lift; and in case any Distributor of Stamps shall neglect or refuse to make out and transmit any of such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall not insert in such Lift, a full, true, and perfect Account, as herein-before directed, of nil the Persons the same ought to contain, then and in every such Case, every such Distributor shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds Irish Currency.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Lifts, upon such Transmission thereof as aforesaid, shall be deposited and kept at the said Head Office of Stamps in Dublin; and shall and may, within the Office Hours, be resorted to, and inspected by any Person whatsoever, on Payment of one Shilling, and no more.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Stamp Duties in Ireland shall, four Times in every Year, that is to say, once in every Quarter of a Year, publish the Lifts so transmitted to them, or cause the same to be inserted in the Newspapers circulating in each respective County, or in such publick Newspapers as to them shall seem most proper.

X. ' And whereas Deputations or Appointments of Gamekeepers may be revoked, ' be it therefore enacted, That if any Lord or Lady of a Manor in Ireland, shall make any new Deputation or Appointment of a Gamekeeper, for any Manor or Lands, in the Room of the Person already appointed, and to whom any such Certificate as aforesaid hath been issued, and shall register such new Deputation or Appointment with any Distributor of Stamps in Ireland, and shall obtain a new Certificate thereof, the first Certificate granted shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be null and void, and the Person acting under the same after the granting of such new and other Certificate, shall be liable to the Penalties prescribed by this Act, in the same Manner as if no Certificate had been granted to such Person.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be found using any Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine, for the taking or Destruction of Game, by any other Person who hath obtained a Certificate in Manner herein-before directed, it shall and may he lawful for such other Person producing such Certificate, to demand and require from the Person so using such Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine as aforesaid, to produce and shew a Certificate issued to him for that Purpose as herein-before is directed; and every such Person shall, upon such Demand and Requisition as aforesaid, produce such Certificate to the Person so demanding the fame, and permit the same to be inspected accordingly, and if any such Person shall wilfully refuse to produce and shew a Certificate issued to him for that Purpose, or shall decline to produce or fiiew the fame, or not having produced and shewn such Certificate, shall refuse on Dcmapd thereof, to give in his Name and Surname, and the Place of his Residence, or shall give in any falte or fictitious Name, or Place of Residence, every such Person so offending, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds Irish Currency; and if any Person shall be found going over any Ground or Land of any Person, and shall carry any Gun or Net, fit for or commonly

4X2 used

7°7

Penalty on Pif-tributor for Nc-

glcdt, 20l. &c.

Cat! ificite t«

I. 1 r Pate when itfued, and be 11

t rce till March

Puiahy io\. Penalty on Per-foi: s kt'qnng.'KiV' Dog. &«.with-uu Cciiitacuie, 20l.

Gann keepers r.*'glecting to c-giiter Deputa-within 20 Dujs, forfeit 20l.

Distri1 uU*r$ 0) Jill monthly transmit to Commis-(ionersolStamps A![>habetical Lift of Certifies let issued; Penalty ao4. See.

Such Lifts may Le inspected on Payment of is.

Lifts shall 1* inserted in Newspaper* quartet iy.

Depultart ions of Gamekeepers may be revoked, and new ore* registered.

Penalty on Persons using any Dog, Sec. ter taking Game, rcfulu'g to produce heir Certificate, when required by any authorized Person, or to tell their Names, See. 50l.

Persons going ovei Grounds with Gun, Sec. shall be deemed as ufurg it.

708

V

Certificate frail not authorize any Person to kill Game without Qualification, ic C.

Gamekeepers*, Certificates fiial! not authoi ize killing Game out of the Manor.

Application of Duties.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Justices may convict Offenders in a sum-»ary Way.

Penalties to be levied by Dif-irefs, or Offender corn-named.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter SessionJ*

Persons fnm-moned as Witnesses not appearing shall forfeit id.

Form of Conviction.

C. 23. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

used for the taking or destroying Game, every stich Person shall be deemed to he tiling such Gun or Net for the taking or Destruction of Game, and shall be liable to such Penalty as such Persons are by this AGl subject to.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate hereby directed to be issued by any Distributor of Stamps, shall not authorize or enable any Person to uie any Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spa* niel, or other Dog, or any Gun, Net, or other Engine, for the taking or Definition of Game, at any Time or Times, or in any Place, or in any Manner prohibited by any Law now in being; nor shall give to any Person any Right to use any Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, or other Dog, or any Gun, Net, or other Engine, for the taking or Definition of Game, unless such Person shall be duly qualified so to do, under and by virtue of the Laws now in being, made for the Preservation of the Game; but such Person shall be liable to the same Penalties in all or any of the said Laws contained as if this Act had not been made.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Certificate obtained under any Deputation or Appointment of a Gamekeeper, shall be pleaded or given in Evidence in any Case whatsoever, where the Person having such Certificate shall have used or shall use any Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, or other Dog, or any Gun, Net, or other Engine, for the taking or Definition of Game out of or beyond the Precints or Limits of the Manor or Lands, for or in respet of which such Deputation or Appointment was given and made.

XIV. And be it enacted, That all the Duties hereby granted, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties imposed on any Person for any Offence against this Act, may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, by any Person filing for them by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protetion, Privilege, Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; or by Civil Bill in the Court of proper* Jurisdiction, one Moiety thereof, with Cods of Suit, to be paid to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Person who shall inform and sue for the same.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County wherein any Offence against this Act shall be committed, and such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required, upon Information or Complaint to him or them made, to summoa the Party or Parties accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side to appear before him or them, and upon the Appearance of the Party or Parties accused, or in Default of his, her, or their Appearance, according to such Summons, to proceed to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party or Parties accused, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgement or Sentence for the Penalty or Forfeiture according as in and by this Act is directed, and to award and issue his Warrant, under his Hand and Seal, for the levying the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures so adjudged on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed within six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any; and where sufficient Goods of such Offender cannot be found to answer the Penalty, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, or House of Correction, there to remain for a Space of Time, not less than one Calendar Month, and rot exceeding three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if such Person or Persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgement of any such Justice, then he or they shall and may, upon giving Security to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty or Forfeiture, together with such Cods as shall be awarded in case such Judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the then next General Quarter Sessions for the County, who are finally to hear and determine the fame; and in case the Judgement of such Justice shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices to award the Person or Persons to pay such Colls occasioned by such Appeal as to them shall seem meet.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be summoned as a Witness to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching any of the Matters and Things herein contained, either on the Part of the Prosecutor, or of the Person or Persons accused, and shall neglect er refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuie for such his or her Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds Irish Currency, to be levied and paid in such Manner, and by such means, as is herein-before directed for the levying the Penalties hereby imposed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or In any other Form of Words to the same Effect, mutat'u mutandis; and that such Form of Conviction shall be deemed legal; that is to say,

JJE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

4 at in the County of jf. B. came before me C. Z>. one of his Majesty's

Justices of the Peace for the said County, residing near the Place where the Offence was committed!, and

informed me that E, F. of on the Day of now last pad, did

keep, or did carry, or did use, [as the Case may be], a Gun, Dog, Net, or other Engine, [at the Case may be}* 4 for the taking or DedruClion of Game, and did thereby and therewith take, kill, and destroy a Hare, or other Game, [as the Case may be]; [here set forth the Fa3 for which the Information was laid2, without having the Certificate required by Law for that Purpose j whereupon the said E. F, after being duly summoned

e

A.D. 1803. 43 GEORGII III. C. 23 — 25. 705

maned to answer the said Charge, appeared before me, and having heard the Charge contained in the said

Information, declared he was not guilty of the said Offence, or, [or the Case may happen to be, did not appear before me, pursuant to the said Summons, or did neglect or refuse to make any Defence against the said Charge, but the same being fully proved upon the Oath of G*H. a credible Witness, or, [ox the Case may happen to be-\, did acknowledge and voluntarily confess the same to be true,] and it manifellly appeared to me that he the said E, F. is guilty of the said Offence charged upon him in the said Information; I do therefore hereby couvidl him of the Offence aforesaid, and do declare and adjudge that he the said E, F,

hath forfeited the Sum of current Money of Ireland, for the Offence aforesaid, according to

1 the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided. Given under my Hand and Seal the

Day of

XIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices, Justices may where he or they shall see Cause, to mitigate and lefen any such Penalties as he or they shall think tit, rea- mitigate PenaU sonable Costs and Charges of the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting lICI. the fame, being always allowed over and above such mitigated Penalty, and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalties to less than a Moiety of the Penalties incurred, over and above the said Costs and Charges, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and no such Conviction shall be removed by Cer Ka Certiorari tiorari into any Court whatsoever. J

[General Issue.]

Treble Costs, §20. Duties and Penalties shall be paid in Irish Currency, §21. Act may* be repealed or altered this Session, §22."

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, several Acts for granting and continuing Duties to his Majesty in Ireland'.

[24th March 1803.]

Recital of Irish Acts of 40 G. 3. viz. c. 4; c. 14; c. 38; r. 455 c. 25; c. 62; and also of Acts, 41 G. 3. (Z7. K'.)

44 c. 33; c. 93; and r. 100; and 42 G. 3.*. 103. Duties granted by recited Irish Act, 40 G. 3. c. 4. which were continued till March 25. 1803, and not since repealed, and also the Duties granted by the other above-recited " Acts (except the Excite Duties on Wines in Store, under 40 G. 3. 'I) c. 45.), further continued till March 44 25, 1804, §1. Produce shall be carried to Consolidated Fund of Ireland, §2. Act may be altered or u repealed this Session, §3."

CAP. XXV.

An Act for better fecunng the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for any Place in Ireland, by disabling certain Officers employed in the Collection or Management of his Majesty's Revenues in Ireland, from giving their Votes at such Elections.

[24th March 1803.]

17'OR the better securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament be it enacted by

X? the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and-Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, no Commissioner, Collector, Surveyor, Supervisor, Gauger, or other Officer or Person whatsoever, concerned or employed in the charging, collecting, levying, or managing the Duties of Excise in Ireland\ or any Branch or Part thereof; nor any Commissioner, Collector, Surveyor, Comptroller, Searcher, or other Officer or Person whatsoever, concerned or employed in the charging, collecting, levying, or managing the Duties of Customs in Ireland> or any Branch or Part thereof 5 nor any Surveyor, Collector, Comptroller, Inspector, or other Officer or Person whatsoever concerned, engaged, or employed, by or under the Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland, in the charging, collecting, levying, or managing any of the Duties, Taxes, or Impositions in Ireland) paid or levied under the Direction of such Commissioners, or any of them; nor any Commissioner, Officer, or other Person, concerned or employed in collecting, receiving, or managing any of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Ireland; nor any Person appointed, by the said lall-mentioned Commissioners, for distributing of Stamps in Ireland; nor any Postmasteror Poflmaflers General, or his or their Deputy or Deputies; nor any Person employed by or under him or them in receiving, collecting, or managing the Revenue of the Poll-Office in Ireland, or any Part thereof; nor any Captain, Master, or Mate of any Ship, Packet, or other Vessel, employed by or under the Postmaster or Postmasters General in Ireland, in conveying the Mail from and to Ireland^ to or from Great Britain, or to or from any other Place whatever; shall be capable of giving his Vote in any Election for the Choice of any Representative in Parliament for any County, City, County of a City, Borough, Town Corporate, TJniverfity, or other Place whatever in Ireland; and if any Person hereby made incapable of voting as aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume to give his Vote during the Time he shall hold, or within twelve Calendar Months after he shall cease to hold or execute any of the Offices aforesaid contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Votes so given shall be held null and void to all intents and Purposes whatsoever; and every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds -frish Currency, one Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of the County, City, Town, or Place in Ireland, within which such Offence shall have been committed, to be applied and disposed of to the Use of some publick charitable Inffitution, or to such other charitable Purposes, within the said County, City, Town, or Place, as the Justices at the next General C^uarter Seffiomof the Peace to be held for such County, City, Town, or Place in Ireland, shall think fit, and tobc recovered by any Person that will sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in

2 any

From June t,

1803, Officer* of the Revenue in Ireland, rendered jncapabls of voting in any Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Ireland*

Vote of such Officer*, and for 12 Months after holding such Offices, void; and Offenders (kail forfeit tool, and be incapaci-tiled.

7io

Not to extend to Patent Office!:

nor to Persons resigning before June i, 1803.

Limitation of Actioni for^ Penalties,

12 Months.

His Majesty may grant to the Prince of Wales an Annuity of 6o, ooool., to commence from Jan. 5, 1803, and continue till July 5. 1806, payable quarterly out of the British Consoli-daLed Fund.

On Demise of She Crown, Annuity shall ccafe.

3S Geo. 3-Q. I29. 1. 13.

directing the Application of 13, 0001. ou» of the Revenue of the Duchy of Cornwall, repealed.

C. 25, 26. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in DaMm, m which no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person against whom any such Penalty shall be recovered, shall become and is hereby declared disabled and incapable of everbearing or executing any Office or Place of Tmft whatsoever under his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Office in Ireland now held or usually granted to be held by Letters Patent for any Estate of Inheritance or Freehold.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to any Person who shall resign his Office or Employment on or before the said first Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be liable to any Forfeiture or Penalty by this Act laid orimposed, unless Prosecution for the same be commenced within twelve Calendar Months next after such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be incurred.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to settle an Annuity on his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, to continue until the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty, as directs the Annual Payment of thirteen thousand Pounds out of the Revenues of the Duchy of Cornwall to the Commissioners appointed by the said Act.

[24th March 1803.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS your Majesty, by your most gracious Meifage to your faithful Commons, has been pleased to declare that your Majesty, having taken into Consideration the Period which has elapsed fiuce the Adoption of the Arrangements which were deemed by the Wisdom of Parliament to be nec diary for the Discharge of the Incumbrances of the Prince of Wales, and having adverted to the Progress which has been made in carrying them into Effect, recommended the present Situation of the Prince to the Attention of your faithful Commons, in the Persuasion that they would be disposed to take such Measures as might be calculated to promote the Comfort and support the Dignity of so distinguislitrd a Branch of the Royal Fainily; We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King's most Excellent Majesty, by any Warrant under his Royal Sign Manual, to give and grant to his said Royal Highness the Prince of Wales one Annuity of sixty thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain; which Annuity of sixty thousand Pounds may commence and take Effect from the fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, and continue from thenceforth until the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six, and shall be paid and payable at the four most usual Days of Payment in the Year; videlicet, the fifth Day of April\ the fifth Day of July, the tenth Day of October, and the fifth Day of January in ever)' Year, by even and equal Portions, the first quarterly Payment thereof to be made on the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three; and that the said Annuity of sixty thousand Pounds shall and may, by such Warrant, be directed to be issued and be payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, during the Period herdn-before mentioned (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sums as shall have been directed to be paid out of the same by any Act or Acts of Parliament made previous to the Time of passing this Act, and with a Preference to all other Payments which shall or may, at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, be charged upon and payable out of the said Fund).

Payable at the Exchequer, without Fee6, $ 2; and free from all Taxes, §3."

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in the Event of the Demise of the Crown during the Continuance of the said Annuity, then and in that Case the said Annuity shall from thenceforth wholly cease and determine.

V. 4 And whereas by an Act made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to settle an Annuity on his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, during the joint Lives of his Majesty and of his said Royal Highness; for making Provision out of his Revenues for the Payment of any Debts that may be due from his Royal Highness; for preventing the Accumulation of Debts in future, and for regulating the Mode of Expenditure of the said Revenues; it is among other Things enacted, that the Receiver General, or other proper Officer of his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales as Duke of Cornwall, to whom the Receipt of the Revenues of the said Duchy should be entrusted, shotild, from Time to Time, pay to the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act tire yearly Sum of thirteen thousand Pounds out of the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the said Duchy, to be applied to the Purposes directed by the said Act: And whereas it is expedient that such Payment should no longer be continued; be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Act as directs the Payment and Application of the said Sum of thirteen thousand Pounds out of the Revenues of the said Ditch, of Cornwall, in the Manner and to the Purposes therein mentioned, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that the Payment and Application of the said Revenues, in the Manner in the said Act directed, shall wholly cease, and be deemed, taken, and construed, to have determined on and from the fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three.

7

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III.

C. 7.

yn

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

[24th March 1803.]

WHEREAS it maybe necessary, for the Safety of the United Kingdom, and the Defence of the Poff W sessions of the Crown of Great Britain and Ireland\ that a Body of Royal Marine Forces should be employed in his Majesty's Fleet and Naval Service, under the Direction of the Lord High Admiral, or

Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and

Ireland: And whereas the said Royal Marine Forces may frequently be quartered on Shore, where they will

not be subject to the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Forces by Sea; yet nevertheless it being requisite, for the retaining of such Forces in their Duty, that an exact Discipline be observed; and

that Marines who shall mutiny, or stir up Sedition, or shall desert his Majesty's Service, be brought to a

more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the Law will allow $' be it enacted, &c. — §1 — 5, as under Marine Mutiny ASy 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 18. f. i — 5. only using the Term " Royal Marines, " instead of " Ma-u rines."

VI. And be it further enacted and declared, That in the Case of any Non-commissioned Officer or Marine tried and convicted of Desertion, whensoever the Court-martial, which shall pass Sentence upon such Trial, shall not think the Offence deserving of capital Punishment, such Court-martial may, instead of awarding a corporal Punishment, adjudge the Offender, if they shall think fit, to be transported as a Felon for Life, or for a certain Term of Years, according to the Degree of the Offence; and if such Non commissioned Officer or Marine, having been adjudged to be transported as a Felon, shall afterwards (without Leave from his Majesty, or from the Governor or Commanding Officer of the Place to which he shall have been transported^ return into any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, before the Expiration of the lerm limited by such Sentence, and shall be convicted thereof in the ordinary Course of Law, he shall suffer Deaths

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cases wherein a capital Punishment shall have been awarded by a Court-martial, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into Execution, to order the Offender to be transported as a Felon for Life, or for a certain Term of Years, as to his Majesty shall seem meet; and if the Person so transported, in pursuance of such Order from his Majesty, shall afterwards (without Leave from his Majesty, or from the Governor or Commanding Officer of the Place to which he shall have been transported) return into any Part of Great Britain or Ireland, before the Expiration of the Term limited by such Order, and shall be duly convicted thereof, he shall suffer Death.

u When his Majesty shall intend such Sentence to be carried into Execution, or extend his Mercy to Offend- ers sentenced to be punished with Death, on Condition of Transportation, such Sentence, with his Majesty's €' Pleasure thereon, shall be notified in Writing by the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiial for the Time u being, or any three or more of them, to any Justice of the King's Bench, &c. w ho shall make an Order for the " Transportation of such Offenders, in Manner directed by 24 Geo. 3. c. 56 — §8. las under §6 of c. 20 of €' this Session (the Army Mutiny Afi).] Such Notification and Order shall be filed with the Clerk of the Crown, $ 9; who shall deliver a Certificate of the Conviction and Order of Transportation, $ io. Offend-ers subject to the Laws touching Escape of Felons, §11. ^as under §§ 7, 8, 9, of c. 20.] Proceed-" ings of Courts-martial, §12 — 19. [ax £6 — 13 of 4.1 G. 3 (U.K.) c. 18.] Officer or Marine convicted of 4' criminal Offences not entitled to Pay, §20. las under §16 of c. 20.] Persons accused of Capital Crimes, See. " shall be delivered over to the Civil Magistrate, §21. [*7/ §14 of \\ G. 3. (U.K.) c. 18.] Fictitious Names allowed on Muster-roils for the Maintenance of Officers' Widows, §22. [>$ 150/41, G.3. (U.K.)c. 18.] 44 Quartering Officers and Men in Inns, Ale-houses, Sec. §23 — 31. [ as§ 16 — 24 of 41 G. 3. (U.K.)c. 18.} 44 Quartering in Ireland, as the Laws in Force at the Union direct, §32. las §25 of 42 G. 3. c. 115.]"

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That for the better and more regular Provision of Carnages for his Majesty's Royal Marine Forces in- their Marches, or for their Arms, Clothes, and Accoutrements, in Ewg-landy JVulesy and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, all Justices of the Peace, within the several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Liberties, and Precincts, being duly required thereunto by the said Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, by an Order in Writing, under his or their respective Hand or Hands, shall, as often a3 such Order shall be brought and shewn unto one or more such Justice or Justices, by the Officer or Officers of the Company or Companies of Royal Marines so ordered to march, issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants to the High Constables, or Petty Constables, of the Division, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred, or Precindfc, from, through, near, or to which such Company or Companies shall be ordered to march, requiring them to make such Provision for Carriages, with aj)le Men to drive the fame, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrant, allowing them sufficient Time to do the fame, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burthen 5; and iu case sufficient Carriages cannot be provided within any such Riding, City; Liberty, Hundred, Division, or Precind, then the next Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Division, shall* upon such Order as aforesaid being brought or shewn to one or more of them, by any of the Marine Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant or Warrants to the High Constables, or Petty Constables of such next County, Riding, Liberty, Division, or Precinct, for the rurposes aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency; and the aforesaid Officer or Officers, who, by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant or Warrants from such Justice or Justices of the Peace, is or are to demand the Carriage or Carriages therein mentioned of the High Con-ltabie, or Petty Constable, to whom the Warrant is directed, is and are hereby required, at the same Time to pay

Deserter may

be adjudged to be transported ns a Felon;

and returning without Leave shall suffer Death.

His Majesty, where Coui martial awatd a capital Pu« niftiment, may-order Offenders 10 be transported, &c.

Justices mar order Conflates to provide Carriages for liic Marine Fixed in their Marches.

Rates for Cat* riages*

712

Penalty on Officers foicing Waggons to travel mure than one Day's Journey, See.

Further Compensation for Carriage* where they cannot return the same Pay.

Order of Justices for additional Rales shall spetrify Period of Continuance.

Constables, Sec. may apprehend Deserters and carry them before a Justice;

and transrmt an Account to the Secretary of the Admiralty. Caol Keeper to receive the Subsidence of De-fenere.

Penalty on Persons receiving the Arms, Clothes, See. of Marine Defer t-erti &c.

C. 27..43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

pay down in Hand to the said Constable, or Petty Constable, for the Use of the Person who shall provide such Carriages and Men the Sum of one Shilling for every Mile any Waggon with five Horses shall travel; and the Sum of one Shitting for ever}' Mile any Wain with fix Oxen, or four Oxen with two Horses shall travel; and the Sum of Ninepence for every Mile any Cart with four Horses carrying not less than fifteen hundred Weight shall travel; the Sum of Sixpence for every Mile every Cart or other Carriage with less than four Horses, and not earn ing fifteen hundred Weight shall travel; or any farther Sum not exceeding Fourpence for every Mile any Waggon with five Horses, or any Wain with fix Oxen, or with four Oxen and two Horses shall travel $ and not exceeding Three-pence for every Mile any Cart with four Horses or carrying not less than fifteen hun1 dred Weight shall travel; and not exceeding Two*pence for every Mile any Cart or Carnage with less than font Horses and not carrying fifteen hundred Weight shall travel; according as the same flrall he fixed and ordered by the Justices of the Peace for any County or District assembled at any General Sc (lions of the Peace for such County or Dillri£l, the said Justices having regard to the Price of Hay and Oats at the Time of fixing such additional Rates, for which respeiflive Sums so received, the said Constable or Petty Constable is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing to the Person or Persons paying the fame; and such Constable, or Petty Constable, shall order and appoint such Pirfonor Persons having Carriages, within their respeCfciVe Liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnifti such Carriages and Men according to the Warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and furmfii the same accordingly; and if any Marine Officer or Officers, for the Use of whose Company or Companies' the Carriage was provided, shall force and constrain any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, to travel more than one Day's Journey, or shall not discharge the same indue Time for their Return home, or shall suffer any Marine or .Servant (except such as are tick), or any Woman, to ride in the Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage aforesaid or shall force any Constable, or Petty Constable, by Threatenings or menacing Words, to provide Saddle Horses for themselves, or Servants, or shall force Horses from the Owners, by themselves. Servants, or Private Men; every such Officer, for ever}' such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds; Proof thereof being made upon Oath before two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the same County or Riding, who are to certify the same to the proper Pay-masterof his Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid Sum of five Pounds, according to Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of such Justices of the Peace*; and is also hereby empowered to deduct the same out of such Officer's Pay: Provided always, that in Cases where the Day's March of the Marines shall be such, either owing to the Distance of Place, State of the Roads, or Season of the Year, as not to admit of the Return of the Carnages on the same Day on which they shall have been impressed, such further Compensation shall be made and paid in like Manner to the Owners of the said Carriages as shall be deemed reasonable, by the Magistrate who granted the Warrant for impressing them, not exceeding the usual Rate and Hire of such Carriages: Provided also, that every Order of the Justices assembled at any General Sessions of the Peace fixing a further Sum to be paid for the Hire of Carriages as aforesaid, in Addition to the customary Rates of one Shilling, Nine-pence, and Sixpence per Mile respectively, shall specify the Period for which the same shall be in Force, and which shall not in any Case exceed ten Days beyond the General Sessions of the Peace for such County or District next ensuing the Date of such Order.

4i Penalty on Constables, &c. Neglect, £5. to 40l. §34. [as under §54 of c. 20.] Officers and Marines, &c. " and Carriages employed in his Majesty's Service, exempted from Payment of Tolls, &c. §35. [as under* §550/ c. 20.] Treasurer of the County to repay the Constables' extraordinary Charges, §36. The 4i Money for that Purpose, how to be raised, §37. No Waggon, &c. to carry above twenty hundred Weight, 4t §38. Carriages in Scotland, §39. [as under $ 27 — 30. of 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 18.] and in Ireland, $40. " [as under J 32 of G. 3.C. 115J. Marines' Wives, &c. not to be quartered without Consent, §41. Penalty on Officers or Marines destroying the Game, §42. [as under 41 G. 3. (U. K). c. 18. $ 31, 32.].

XLIII. 'And whereas several Marines, who being duly entered may afterwards desert, and be found wan- dering, or otherwise absenting themselves illegally from his Majesty's Service; ' it is hereby further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constable, Headborough, or Tythingman, of the Town or Place where any Person, who may reasonably be suspected to be such a Deserter, shall he found, or for any Marine Officer or Marine to apprehend or cause such suspected Person to be apprehended, and to bring or cause him to be brought before any Justice of the Peace living in or near such Town or Place, who is hereby empowered and required to examine such suspected Person; and if, by his Confeffiun, or the Testimony of one or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by Knowledge of such Justice of the Peace it shall appear or be found that such suspected Person is a Marine duly entered, and ought to be with the Company to which lie belongs, such Justice of the Peace shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found; or to the House of Correction, or other publick Prison, in such Town or Place where such Deserter shall be apprehended; or to the Savoy, in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the Cities of l.ondon or Westminster, or Places adjacent; and transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being, to the End such Person may be proceeded against according to Law; and the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison, shall receive the full Subsistence of such Deserter, during the Time he shall continue in his Custody, for the Maintenance of such Deserter; but shall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward on account of the imprisonment of any such Deserter; any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

u Reward for taking up Deserters, §44. [as under §34. of 41 G. 3. (U'. K.) c. 18.J. Penalty on Persons Ai concealing Marine Deserters, See. £20. §45. [as under § .69. of c. 20.J"

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if anry Person shall knowingly detain, buy, or exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Clothes, Caps, or other Furniture, belonging to the King, from any Marine or Marine Deserter, or any other Person, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, or any such Articles belonging

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 27, 28.

to any Marine or Marine Deserter, as are Generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, according to the Custom of the Royal Marine Corps (being provided for the Marine, and paid for by the Deductions out of his Pay) or causethe Colour of such Clothes to be changed, every such Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds; and upon Conviction by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses before anyone or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, the said Penalty shall be levied by Warrant under the Hands of the said Justice or Justices of the Peace by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, one Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Officer to whom any such Marine did or doth belong; and in case any such Offender who shall be convicted as aforesaid, of having knowingly received any Arms, Clothes, Caps, or other Furniture btlonging to the King, or any such Articles as are generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, or of having caused the Colour of such Clothe* to be chauged contrary to the Intent of this Act, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels, whereon Distress may be made to the Value of the Penalty recovered against him or her for such Offence, or shall not pay such Penalty within four Days after such Conviction, then, and in such Case, such Justice or Justice of thes Peace, shall and may, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, either commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of three Months, or cause such Offender to be publickly or privately whipped at the Discretion of such Justice or Justice*.

44 \fThe Rejl of the Act, §47 — 56, the same as §36 — 45 of G. 3. (U.K.) c. 18.] Continuance of this Act in*G» B. to 25th March, and in Ireland to 1st April 1804. — Act, P^i may be altered this Session, §57.u

CAP. XXVIII.

Act for granting to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Pod within Ireland.

[25th March 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets 'within this Kingdom, certain Duties of Pqftage were imposed within Ireland, for a Time therein limited 5 which Act has been by several Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three; and it is ex^rdient that the said Rates and Duties should be further continued, and that«certain Regulations should be made for the collecting and levying the same May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Act-tice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Postmaster or Postmasters General of Ireland, for the Time being, and his or their Deputy or Deputies, Servants, and Agents, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to demand, nave, receive, and take, for the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets, which he or they shall convey, carry, or fend Post to and from Places within Ireland, according to the several Rates and Sums of Money, Itjjb Currency, herein after mentioned; that is to fav, For the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter or Fiece of Paper from the Office in Ireland, where such Letter or Piece of Paper shall be put in, to any Distance within the same, not exceeding fifteen Miles Irish Measure, the Sum of Two-pence; and to any Distance exceeding fifteen Miles, and not exceeding thirty Miles, the Sum of Three-pence; and to any Distance exceeding thirty Miles, and not exceeding fifty Miles, the Sum of Four-pence; and to any Distance exceeding fifty Miles, and not exceeding eighty Miles, the Sum of Five-pence; and to any Distance exceeding eighty Miles the Sum of Sixpence; and for the Port or Conveyance of every Double Letter, Double the said Sums respectively; and for every Treble Letter, Treble the said Sums respectively; and for every Ounce Weight, four Times the said Sums respectively; and so in Proportion for any

Cter Weight than an Ounce, reckoning every Quarter of an Ounce equal to a Single Letter; and that all : ers and Packets, directed from any Place in Ireland to any Part or Parts in Great Britain, or beyond the Seas, or received in Ireland from Great Britain, or any Part or Parts beyond the Seas, shall be charged and pay for their Portage and Conveyance within Ireland from or to Dublin, Waterford, or Donaghadee, or any other Port where Packet Boats for the Conveyance of Letters to and from Ireland are or may be established, as they shall respectively be shipped from or landed in any of the said Places, according to the Rates aforesaid; and that every Letter or Packet passing through the General Post Office in the City of Dublm from any Place within Ireland, not less distant than four Miles from the General Post Office in the said City, to any Place within Ireland, not less distant than four Miles from the General Post Office in the said City, shall be charged and pay according to the Distances herein-before mentioned to Dublin, and be further charged and pay according to the same Rates from Dublin; and that for every Letter or Packet, directed on board or brought or sent from on board any Ship or Vessel riding or (lopping in any Port within Ireland, there shall be charged and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, over and above the Rates aforesaid, the Sum of one Penny.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's Postmaster General, or Postmasters General of Ireland, and his or their Deputies, and he and they are hereby required to demand and receive for the Port and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets for Ireland from Great Britain or Foreign Parts, in addition to the Rates of Poilage hereby reserved, such further Rates of Postage as now are, or hereafter shall be charged for the Conveyance of such Letters and Packets by any Act or Acts now made, or hereafter to be made, for charging Postage thereon in Great Britain; and that his Majesty's Postmaster or Postmasters General of Ireland, shall, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to account for and pay the same quarterly, to the Revenue of the Post Office of Great Britain.

7*3

I ifll 40 Geo. 3. c. ft.

From March 15 1803, there shall be paid in Ireland the Rates of Peftage hereto mentioned.

Ship Lettete.

British Postage may be received in addition to Rate*, and accounted for to Gtc.iv. But jin.

7*4

Rales of Poftige by ihe Penny Post Office.

BiIhofExcliangc, &c. chuiged as diflmft Letters.

Letters with Patterns shall j ay as Double Letters.

Account shall lie kept of Produce of Duties.

Duties shall be paid into Exchequer of Ireland, and carried to liiih Con foliated Fund.

Penalty on Ne-gh*ft or Embezzlement by Post-matlers or Officers, forfeit me of Office.

No Fees t)be paid on Money atifyig under this Act.

Letters or Packets that I \>e exempt liom Potiage as under 4a G. 3. c. 63.

Adjutant General in Ireland also exempted*

Letters sent unfit r Cover to publick. Officer*.

C. 28. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Postmaster or Postmasters General of Ireland, for the Time being, and his and their Deputies, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, to demand, have, receive, and take for the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets conveyed by the Penny Post in Ireland, according to the several Rates herein after mentioned, (that is to say), that for the Port and Conveyance of any Letter or Packet not being more thafi four Ounces in Weight, from and to any Place within the Limits of the Circular Road about the City of Dublin, there shall be paid at the Time of putting such Letter or Packet into the Penny Post Office, the Sum of one Penny; and for the Port and Conveyance of every Letter or Packet not exceeding the like Weight, from or to any Place beyond the said Limits so ascertained as aforesaid, from or to any Place within the Circuit of the Penny Post Office, there shall be paid at the Time of putting in such Letter or Packet, the Sum of one Penny, and a further Sum of one Penny on the Delivery thereof; and that for every Letter or Packet of any Weight, which shall be sent to or delivered from the General Penny Post Office by the Penny Post, from or to any Place not being within the said Limits as before ascertained, there shall be paid the Sum of one Penny over and above, and exclusive of the several Rates chargeable thereon.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Bill of Exchange, Merchant's Account, Invoice, or Bill of Lading, Writ, Process, or Proceeding at Law, written upon the same Sheet or Piece of Paper, with a Letter, and every Letter to oi> from several or distinct Persons, written upon the same Sheet or Piece of Paper, shall be rated, taxed, and paid for, as so many several or distinct Letters, according to the several Rates established by this Act, or hereafter to be established by any Act to be passed relative to the Portage of Letters within Ireland.

V. ' And whereas Patterns of Cloth, Silk, Stuff, and small Samples of other Sorts of Goods, are frequently enclosed in a Tingle Letter or Piece of Paper, and sent by the Post be it further enacted, That for every single Letter or Cover endorsed on the Outside, " Patterns, ' containing one or more Paper or Papers with Patterns, or containing one or more Pattern or Patterns of Cloth, Silk, or Stuff, or one or more Sample or Samples of any other Sort of Goods, and containing no other Writing, Matter, or Tiling, save only what appertains to such Patterns or Samples, if the same together do not exceed one Ounce Weight, the Rates payable for a Double Letter by this Act, or by any Act to be passed relative to the Portage of Letters in Ireland, shall be paid, and no more.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster or Postmaster9 General of Ireland for the Time being, shall cause an Account to be kept of all Monies arising to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by virtue of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the net Revenue and Monies arising by the Rates and Duties hereby granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, after paving all Charges, Outgoings, Disbursements, Law Proceedings, Expences, and all Salaries necessary for the Receipt and Management of the same, and all Expences attending the said Office, and the due Execution of this Act, shall be paid into his Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland\ in such Manner, and at such Time and Times, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or the Lord Lieutenant, oY other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, shall direct and appoint, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Postmaster or Postmasters General of Ireland, now or for the Time being, or any Person concerned in the Execution of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to perform any Matter or Thing whatsoever, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; or if they, or any of them, or any other Officer employed by virtue of this Act, shall embezzle, divert, or misapply any of the Monies by them, or any of them, collected or received by virtue of this Act, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, then, and in every such Case, every Person so offending shall forfeit his Office, and be incapable to serve his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in any Office or Place of Trust or Profit, and shall be liable, for every such Offence, to forfeit and pay Treble the Sum so embezzled, diverted, or misapplied.

IX. And be it further enacted, That neither the Sixpence per Pound, nor any other Fee, shall be payable to, or be deducted or received by any Officer or Officers employed by virtue of this Act, to his or their Use, for or on account of the issuing or Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money arising by, or which shall be received for or on account of, the Aids hereby granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or of any Payment to be made in pursuance of this Act, but that the same shall be accounted for to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Letters or Packets sent by the Post in Ireland to or from any Place or Places whatsoever, shall be exempted from paying the Duty of Poltage according to the Rates established by this Act, other than and except such Letters and Packets as are excepted, and in such Manner and under such Restrictions as are declared and enacted concerning the same, in and by an Act, passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to authorise the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets, Votes> Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by the Pofi9 free from the Duty of Postage, by the Members of the two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain Publick Officers therein named; and for reducing the Postage on such Votes, Proceedings and Newspapers9when sent by any other Persons; or except as is herein after excepted, declared, and enactcck

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty's Adjutant General in Ireland for the Time being, to send and receive Letters and Packets by the Post in Ireland, free from the Duty of Postage, in the same Manner, and under such Restrictions as Persons heretofore or now authorized to fend or receive Letters, free from the Duty of Poltage, in Ireland, do now send and receive Letters, free from the said Duty of Post age.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case any publick Officer in Ireland, in the said recited Act of the forty-second Year aforesaid, or in this Act mentioned, shall receive under Cover to hiip, with Intent to

evade

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 28.

7*5

evade the Payment of any of the Rates granted by this Act, any Letters or Packets intended for or directed to other Persons, every such Officer is hereby authorized and required to fend the lame to the General Poll Office in Dublin, in order that such Letters and Packets may be charged with the Duty of Foliage payable thereon; it being the true Intent and Meaning of this Act that the Privilege of sending and receiving Letters and Packets by such Officers, shall extend to such Letters and Packets only as relate to the Business of their respective Offices, or their own immediate and private Concerns,

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Covers containing Muller Affidavits from the Out Pensioners of the Royal Hospital of Kilnjainbam, and sent from any Place within Ireland, directed to the Regiller of the said Hospital, shall be delivered to the said Regiller free of the Duty of Postage; provided that every such Cover shall be unsealed, and shall contain no other Inclosure, save and except the said Muster-Affidavits; and that all printed Receipts for the Pay of such Out Pensioners, made up as a Letter, or Cover of a Letter, and directed with the Words, u To' Out Pensioner of the Royal Hospital

of Kilmetinbam, " being printed thereon, and sealed with the Seal of the Paymaster of the said Royal Hospital, shall in like Manner be delivered free of Postage to such Out Pensioners within Ireland, to whom they shall be directed respectively, provided such printed Receipts shall not contain any Enclosure; and if any such Receipt, Cover, or Muster-Affidavit shall be found to contain any Enclosure whatsoever, contrary to the trufe Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in that Case, every such Receipt made up as a Cover or Letter, and every such Cover or Muller Affidavit, shall be charged and liable to Treble the Duty of Poltage, according to the Rates established by this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV. 1 And whereas Frauds may be practised in fending Covers, Letters, and Packets by the Poll in

Ireland, directed to Members of Parliament, and other Person3 privileged by the said recited Act of the forty-second Year aforesaid, or by this Act, to receive Letters and Packets in Ireland, free of the Duty of

Postage, containing Letters and Packets intended for others, and not intended for. such Members or other

Persons to whom such Covers, Letters, and Packets are so directed, whereby the Persons for whom such Lettere and Packets are really intended, may receive such Covers, Letters, and Packets free from the Duty

of Postage in Ireland, to the Injury of the Revenue in Ireland; ' for Remedy whereof be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Postmaster or Postmasters General of Ireland, and all Persons acting under this Act, to charge the whole of such Covers, Letters, and Packets with Treble the Duty of Postage, according to the Rates established by this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if it shall appear by the Certificate of such Member, that such Cover, Letter, or Packet, so charged, was actually intended for such Member, or for some of his Family, and not covering a Correspondence to any Person not resident in his House, that then, and in every such Case, the Postage so charged and paid for every such Letter, Cover, or Packet, shall be returned to such Member.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to charge with the Duty of Postage in Ireland any printed Votes, or Proceedings in Parliament, or printed Newspapers, being sent by the Poll without Covers, or in Covers open at the Sides, which shall be signed on the Outside thereof by any Member of Parliament, or which shall be directed to any such Member at any Place in Ireland, whereof he shall have given Notice in Writing to the Postmaster General of Ireland, or which shall be sent by certain Officers in the Office of his Majesty's Postmaster or Postmasters General of Ireland, who shall be thereunto licensed by the said Postmaster or Postmasters General respectively, provided such Newspapers shall be so folded as that the Stamp thereon shall be visible; but that all such Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, so sent and signed as aforesaid, shall be received free of the Duty of Postage under this Act.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Newspaper, printed in Ireland, shall pass free of Postage, from the General Poll Office in Dublin, pursuant to any Notice given in Writing under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the forty-second Year aforesaid, or of this Act, or from any other Poll Office in Ireland, unless such Newspaper shall be put into such Poll Offices of the Cities or Towns in which such Newspapers shall be printed respectively, two Hours at the least before the Time of the Poll being dispatched therefrom.

XVIII. 1 And whereas it is expedient, that the Non-comraiffioned Officers, Seamen, and Privates, employed in his Majesty's Navy, Army, Militia, Fencible Regiments, Artillery, and Marines, should, whilst on

Service, be permitted to send and receive lingle Letters by the Pod in Ireland, on their own private Concerns, at a low Rate of Poilage; be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, no single Letter sent by the Poll in Ireland, from any Non-commissioned Officer, Seaman, or Private, employed in his Majesty's Navy, Army, Militia, Fencible Regiments, Artillery, or Marines, shall, whilst such Non-commissioned Officer, Seaman, Marine, or Private respectively, shall be employed on his Majesty's Service, and not otherwise, he charged or chargeable with any higher Rate of Postage than the Sum of one Penny for the Conveyance of every inch Letter, such Rate of Postage of one Penny for every such Letter to be paid at the Time of putting the lame into the Post Office of the Town or Place in Ireland, from whence such letter is intended to be sent by the Poll; and that no single Letter, sent by the Post from any Non-commissioned Officer, Seaman, or Private, employed in his Majesty's Na\y, Army, Militia, Fencible Regiments, Artillery, or Marines, from any Part of Great Britain to Ireland, shall, whilst such Non-cominiflioned Officer, Seaman, or Private respectively, shall be employed in his Majesty's Service, and not otherwise, be charged or chargeable with any Rate of Postage whatsoever in Ireland, in case a Duty of Postage of one Penny shall have been paid thereon in Great Britain.

4 Y 2 XIX. Provided

in Ireland to evade Duty, ftvili be font to the Post-Office in Dublin.

Mutter Affidavits from Out-pcnfunc s of Kilmainham Hospital (h ill pass Free, in unsealed Covcis: and Receipt* of (Ail-pcn fiont is.

I front limn? any other Inclosure, to pay Ticlic Poli.ige.

Letters to Members in Ireland, containing Letters for otheis, charged with Treble Pottage.

On Certificate o< Member, Poli ce irtly be returned.

Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, or Newspapers, free 01 Pottage in Ireland.

Time of putting Newspaper* in t# the Polt in Iii-land.

Single Letter* fmm Non-commissioned Officers and Piivatel Dial I pay only id. each;

or if id. paid in Great Biiuiu* nothing.

Such Letters shall have the Officer's N.nne, Jkc. on the Dire ilium

Single Letters to Non-commi£# fioned Officers, He. shall pay nly xd. if rti-reded to them; : ! their Ships, He.

Such Letters shall he delivered only to the Parties them-fejves, &c.

Forging or counterfeiting Seal or Superl'criptiun, altering Date,

r fending forged Frank,

or forging Certi-ftcaie of Member, See.;

fit ft Offence 50l., second 100l., third. Felony, 7 Years Transpott.nion. Sufpciied Franks charged Treble, Sec.

No Toll de-mtmdnhle from Coachman, or Post Soy, or Horses, &c. with Mail.

Ferryman shall ferry over, on Demand.

Gatekeeper «f

walled Town shall open Gates.

Penalty 2OS., or Committal,

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Letter or Letters sent by the Post from any Non-commissioned Officer, Seaman, or Private, employed in his Majesty's Navy, Army, Militia, Fencible Regiments, Artillery, or Marines, shall be exempted from the Payment of the Rate of Postage chargeable upon Letters in Ireland, unless there shall be written upon every such Letter, in the Hand Writing of and firmed by the Commanding Officer, for the Time being, of the Ship or Vessel, or of the Corps, Regiment, or Detachment to which each Non-commissioned Officer, Seaman, or Private employed in his Majesty's Service, shall respectively belong, the Name of such Commanding Officer, and of the Ship, Vessel, Corps, Regiment, or Detachment commanded by him.

XX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, no single Letter sent by the Post, directed tony Non-commissioned Officer, Seaman, or Private in Ireland, employed in his Majesty's Navy, Army, Militia, Fencible Regiments, Artillery, or Marines, upon his own private Concerns only, whilst such respective Non-commissioned Officer, Seaman, or Private shall be employed in his Majesty's Service, and not otherwise, shall be charged or chargeable with an higher Rate of Postage than the Sum of one Penny for each such Letter; which Sam of one Peony shall be paid, at the Time of the Delivery thereof.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Letter shall be exempted from the Rate of Postage chargeable in Ireland upon Letters, unless every such Letter shall be directed to such Non-commissioned. Officer, Seaman, or Private employed in his Majesty's Service, specifying the Ship, Vessel, Regiment, Troop, Corps, Company, or Detachment to which he may belong; and provided also, that it shall not be lawful for the Postmaster of the Town or Place in Ireland, to which such Letter shall be sent to be delivered, to deliver such La tter to any Person, except to the Non-commissioned Officer, Seaman, or Private to whom such Letter shall be directed, or to some Person employed to receive the same, by the Commanding Officer of the Ship, Vessel, Regiment, Troop, Corps, Company, or Detachment to which the Non-commissioned Officer, Seaman, or Private to whom such Letter shall be directed, shall belong.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit the Seal or Hand Writing, or make use of the Name, of any Person whomsoever, in the Superscription of any Letter or Packet to be sent by the Post in Ireland, in order to avoid the Payment of the Duty of Postage there, or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, the Date, Place, or any other Part of the Superscription of any such Letter or Packet, or shall write, or cause to be written or sent by the Post in Ireland, any Letter or Packet, the Superscription, or any Part whereof shall be forged, counterfeited, or altered, in order to avoid the Payment of the Duty of Postage there, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered; or if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or alter, or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, any such Certificate of any Member of either House of Parliament, as is in this Act mentioned, or of any other Person entitled to the Privilege of fending Letters free of the Duty of Postage, in order to have the Postage charged upon any Cover, Letter, or Packet, refunded, every Person so offending, being thereof duly convicted, shall, for the first Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, and for the second Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and for the third Offence, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for seven Years; and that it shall and* may be lawful to and for his Majesty's Postmaster or Postmasters General of Ireland, and his and their Deputies, and all Persons acting under this Act, to charge any Letter or Packet, the Superscription whereof, or any Part whereof, shall appear to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with Treble the Duty of Postage payable by virtue of this Act; which Duty shall be levied and paid, unless the Member of either House of Parliament, or other privileged Person, whose Superscription it imports to be, shall certify, by Writing under his Hand, to the Postmaster General, or his Deputies, that such Superscription, and every Part thereof, is of hit Hand Writing.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector or Receiver, Ferryman, or other Person whatsoever in Ireland, appointed or entrusted, or employed to take or receive the Tolls or Rates at any Turnpike Gate or Bar erected upon any Highways, Bridges, or Post Roads, or at any Ferry; or any Person who has or shall have the Care of any Gate of any walled Town, or the Custody of the Keys of such Gate, shall demand and take any Toll or Rate for the Coachman, Post Boy, Express Boy, or Rider, Guard, Servant, or other Person, Horses, or Carriages conveying or employed to carry any Mail or Bag of Letters in Ireland, passing through, over, or across the fame, or shall not permit and suffer the Horses and Carriages, together with the Coachman, Post Boy, Express Boy, or Rider, Guards, Servants, and other Persons so employed to pass through such Toll Gates, Bars, or Gates, and across such Ferries without Delay; or if any Ferryman shall not within the Space of fifteen Minutes after Demand made, in all possible Cases, convey the Coachman, Post Boy, Express Boy, Rider, Guard, Servant, and other Persons, together with the Horses and Carriages employed as aforesaid, across such Ferry to the usual Landing Place; or if any Person having the Care of any Gate of a walled Town, or the Custody of the Keys of such Gate, shall not, within fifteen Minutes after Demand made aloud at such Gate, open the fame, and admit the Coachman, Post Boy, Express Boy, Rider, Guard, Servant, or other Persons, together with the Horses and Horse Carriages employed as aforesaid, such Offender or Offenders being convicted thereof by the Oath of such Coachman, Post Boy, Express Boy, or Rider, or other credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace within the District wherein such Offence shall be committed, which Oath every Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be paid to the Informer; and if the same shall not be forthwith paid upon such Conviction, it shall and may be lawful for every such Justice, and he is hereby required, to commit the Offender to the House of Correction, there to remain until the said Penalty or Forfeiture shall be paid, or for any Time not exceeding the Space of twenty-one Days,

not

7*7

A.D. 1803. 43* GEORGJII Ills C. 28j 29.

iror lese than fourteen Days, from the Time of Commitment, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Postmaster or Postmasters General of Ireland, shall cause an Account to be kept of all Tolls payable 011 Four-wheeled Carriages carrying or travelling with his Majesty's Mails at the several and respective Turnpike Gates through which the same shall pass in Ireland, and shall from Time to Time cause the Amount thereof to be paid to the Treasurers of the Turnpike Roads in Ireland, to whom the same are respectively payable by four quarterly Payments; any Law or Ufnge to the contrary not with {funding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, liabilities, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Modes for the Recovery of the same, and all Matters and Things contained in an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of his Majesty's Reign, touching the said General Post Office, and the said Office called The Penny Post Office, intituled,

An Act for establishing a Post Office within this Kingdom and also contained in an Act made, in the Parliament of Ireland in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to explain and amend the said Act passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of his present Majesty's Reign; and also contained in an Act made, in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, to further explain and amend the said recited Act passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, and also to explain and amend the said recited Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign; and also contained in an Act made by the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-

eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Amendment of the Acts relating to the Post Office, and for further facilitating Prosecutions under the said Acts, f or contained in the said recited Act, made in the forty-second Year of his Majesty's Reign, or in any or either of the said Acts, shall be applied and extended, and shall be construed to apply and extend to this present Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been particularly repeated and re enacted in this present Act; save only so far as the said recited Acts, or any of them, are altered, amended, or repealed, or as the Matters and Things in the said recited Acts, or any of them contained, are otherwise provided for by this present Act, or by any other Act now in force in Ireland.

Duties and Penalties shall be paid in Irish Currency, §26. Act may be altered or repealed this " Session, §27."

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to revive and continue, until the first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fir* an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for establishing. Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland; to continue several Laws relating to the preventing the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and for preventing Frauds relating to the, Customs, to the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the suspending certain countervailing Duties granted by an Act for carrying into Execution the Treaty with America, to the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four; to the allowing the Use of Salt, Duty-free, in the preserving of Fifii, in Bulk or in Barrels, and to the discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported, to the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four; to the Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, to the improving the Revenue thereof, and the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island, to the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, to* the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of ff$uebccy in America, to the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo, to the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the preventing the clandefliine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby, to the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures* to the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the Duties on Spirits made in Scotland, and imported into England, to the first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America, to the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

[25 th March 1803.]

33 G. 376. (last continued by 39, 40 G. 3. c. 17.) revived and further continued till March 1, 1806, § I. 44 The Clauses of 5 G. i. c. 11. relating to clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, Hovering, Coffee, Rum* 44 and Certificate Goods, (last continued by 36 G. 3* r. 40. §12.), further continued till September 29, 1809, &c.

Port matter shall ketp Account, and pay Toil a to Trustees of Roads, kc.

All Clauses in former Irish Acts, vir.

23 & 24 G. 3.

c. 17.

28 G. 3. c. 13* 36 G. 3-c. 7.

38 G. 3 c. 47. and in 42 G. 3. c. 63. extended to this Act, except as altered* repealed, or amended,

718 C. 29, 30. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

§ 2. 42 G. 3. c. 27. for suspending countervailing Duties on American trade, further continued till March

44 25, 1804, §3. $ 1 — 16. of 41 G. 3. (G. /?.) r. 21. allowing the Use of Salt Duty-free in preserving of

Fish, and J 31. discontinuing Bounty on White Herrings exported, {last continued by 42 G. 3. c. 3.), fur- ther continued till March 25, 1804, §4. 38 G. 3. c. 03. as to the Trade of the IJlc of Man, (continued

and amended by 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 54. 42 G. 3. c. 98.), further continued till July 5, 1804, §5. 23 G. 3.

44 c. 77. for encouraging Flax and Cotton Manufactures in Great Britain, (last continued by 39 G. 3.* % 38. §4.), " further continued till 24, 1806, except as to Drawback on Brimstone, §6. 4 G. 3. r. 19. for import-

ing Salt from Europe to Quebec, (last continued by 36 G. 3.^40. §7.), further continued till /wne 24, 1808, 44 &c. $ 7. 7 G. 2.r. 18. relative to free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo, (last continued, by 36 G. 3. c. 40. 44 $ 5., ) further continued till September 29, 1805, See. §8. 8 G. i.r. 18. relative to Smuggling and Copper

" Ore, (last continued by 36 G. 3.^40. $ 3. except as to Quarantine, ) further continued till September 29, 44 1809, &c. §9. So much of 8 G. 1. c. 15. as relates to the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, (last continued by 36 G. 3. c. 40. $ 2.), further continued till June 24, 1808, &c. $ 10. So much of 33 G. 3. c. 61. 44 as imposes a Duty on Spirits made in Scotland, and imported into England, (continued by 36 G. 3. r. 4#. 44 § I5*>) further continued till December r, 1809, See, §11. 5 G. 2. c. 24. for encouraging Growth of Coffee

44 in American Plantations, (last continued by 36 G. 3.^40. $ 4.), further continued till June 24, 1809, &c. 44 except as to Importation and Exportation of Foreign Coffee into and from the Plantations, §12."

Recital of Stat. 11 & 12 Gul. 3. c. 4.

i % G. 3 c. 60.

prescribing a certain Oaih to Catholics requiring Relief,

31 G. 3. c. 32.

prescribing another Oath and«Declaration.

The latter Oath and Declaration, alone, not at present sufficient to relieve Catholic Ls.

The Declaration and Oath, contained in the latter Act, shall give the Benefits swtd operate as the Oath under the p. 3. c. 60.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to entitle Roman Catholicks taking and subscribing the Declaration and Oath contained in the Act of the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to relieve^ upon Conditions and under RcJlriDions, the Persons therein described fresh certain Penalties and Dif-abilities to which Papists, or Persons profiling the PopiJJj Religion, are by Law subjcD, to the Benefits given by an Act of the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for relieving his Majestf s Subjects prof effing the Popish Religion, front certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed on them by an AD made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further preventing the Growth of Popery/ [7th April 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of his Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for further preventing the Growth of Popery; Persons educated*in the Popish Religion, or professing the fame, under the Circumstances therein mentioned, were disabled from inheriting or taking by Descent, Devise, or Limitation, in Possession, Reversion, or Remainder, any Lands; 4 Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick-upon-Twced, and Papists or Persons profefting the Popish Religion were disabled from purchasing any Manors, Lands, Profits out of Lands, Tenements, 'Rents, Terms, or Hereditaments, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and all Estates, Terms, and other Interests or Profits whatsoever, out of Lands to be made, suffered, or done, to or for the Use or Behoof of any such Person or Persons, or upon any Trust or Confidence mediately or immediately for the Relief of any such Person or Persons, were made void, and other Penalties and Disabilities were thereby imposed on Persons profefting the Popish Religion: And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for relieving his Majestfs Subjects brofelfing the Popish Religion from certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed on them, by an Act made in the eleventh ana twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the 'Third, intituled, An Act for the further preventing the Growth of Poperythe said recited Parts of the said Act of the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, were repealed in favour of all Persons who should take the Oath prescribed by the said Act of the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in Manner therein mentioned: And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to relieve, upon Conditions and under Restrictions, the Persons therein described from certain Penalties and Disabilities, to which Papists or Persons professing the Popish Religion are by Law subject, it was enacted, that it should be lawful for Persons professing the Roman Catholick Religion, to take, make, and subscribe the Declaration and Oath therein expressed and contained at the Times, and in the Manner therein mentioned, and the Persons taking, making, and subscribing the same Declaration and Oath, were by the said Act

relieved from several of the Penalties and Disabilities to which Papiits or Persons profefting the Popish Re-

ligion were then subject; but nothing contained in the said Act of the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, relieves the Persons taking, making, or subscribing the Declaration and Oath thereby prescribed, from the Penalties and Disabilities imposed by the said Act of the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of his Majesty King William the Third, so that to be relieved therefrom, it is still necessary that Persons professing the Roman Catholick Religion should take and subscribe the Oath expressed and contained in the said Act of the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, which some such Persons have by Mistake neglected to do, and therefore still continue subject to the said Penalties and Disabilities May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this present Act, the Declaration and Oath expressed and contained in the said Act of the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall, a3 to all Persons who have made, taken, and subscribed the fame, or who at any Time or Times hereafter shall make, take, or subscribe the fame, in the Manner therein mentioned, give the same Benefits and Advantages, and be and operate to and for the same Intents and Purposes, as in 7 and

7*9

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C-30, 31.

and by the said Act, by the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty, is enacted, expressed, and declared, of and concerning the Oath thereby prescribed.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for establishing certain Regulations in the Office of Surveyor General of his Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chafes.

[7th Apfil 1803.]

WHEREAS it is highly expedient that the most effectual Means should be employed for preventing f Abuses in his Majesty's Woods and Forests, Parks and Chafes, ' be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Officer appointed to any Office by or under the Surveyor General of his Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chafes, shall take the following Oath, to be administered to him by the said Surveyor General; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, that I will truly, honestly, faithfully, and diligently execute the Duties of the Office to

which I have been appointed by [or under] the Surveyor General of the Woods, Forests, Parks, and

Chafes; and that I will not for the Execution thereof, or on any other Account or Pretext whatsoever,

receive, take, or accept, in respect of the said Office, at any Time, any Perquisite of any Description, or any

Emolument, pecuniary or other, except or beyond the Salary and Allowances (if any) specified in the

written Instrument by which I have been appointed. So help me GOD.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said passing of this Act, all Returns and Estimates of the Quantity, Quality, and Value of Timber Trees, Coppice, and Underwood, and of or concerning Inclosures^Buildings, Repairs, Plantations, and other Works, to be done and executed in the said Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chafes, and also all Accounts of Monies received and expended for or on account of the Sale of any such Timber Trees, Coppice, or Underwood, and for or on account of any such Inclosure, Buildings, Repairs, Plantations, or other Works, and for or on account of any other Matter or Thing touching the said Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chafes, which shall be made or rendered by any Officer under his Majesty's Surveyor General of the said Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chafes, or by any other Person employed by or under him, shall, within a convenient Time after the same shall be completed, be subscribed with the Name and in the Hand Writing, and verified by the Oath, of such Officer or other Person; such Oath to be administered and certified in Writing upon such Report, Estimate, or Account, either by some Justice of the Peace in the County where such Wood, Forest, Park, or Chafe, shall be situated, or by the said Surveyor General, at the Discretion of the said Surveyor General; which Oath such Surveyor General is hereby authorized and required to administer, or direct to be administered by such Justice of the Peace.

III. And it is also hereby enacted, That true Copies of all such. Estimates, Reports, and Accounts, shall be transmitted by the Officer or Person making or rendering the lame, subscribed with the Name and in the Hand Writing of such Officer or other Person, to the said Surveyor General, at least two Calendar Months previous to such Verification thereof upon Oath as aforesaid; and that it shall be lawful foV the said Surveyor General, at any Time after he shall have received such Copies of such Estimates, Returns, or Accounts, and previous to the Verification thereof as aforesaid, to require of the Officer or other Person making or rendering the fame, to attend him, and be examined upon Oath, to be administered to such Officer or other Person by the said Surveyor General, and which Oath the said Surveyor General is hereby authorized to administer, touching and concerning all or any of the Particulars and Items contained in such Estimates, Returns, or Accounts, and touching and concerning the Conduct of such Officer or Other Person in the Execution of their Duty, in respect to the Matters to which such Estimates, Returns, or Accounts shall relate; which Examination, or the Substance and Effeft thereof, the said Surveyor General, when he shall think proper, shall cause to be reduced into Writing, and signed by such Officer or other Person; and if upon such Examination it shall appear that any unintentional Error or Errors' shall have been committed by such Officer or ther Person, in the Return, Estimate, or Account concerning which such Examination shall be had and taken, it shall be lawful for such Officer or other Person to correct such Error in the fame, and in the Copy thereof so transmitted as aforesaid to the said Surveyor General, previous to the Verification thereof upon Oath, in Manner aforesaid, in which Case such Correction or Corrections shall be certified by the said Surveyor General in Writing, both upon the Copy and upon the original Account intended to be verified upon Oath as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any such Officer, or other Person as aforesaid, shall in any such Vev rification upon Oath, or on Examination as aforesaid, be guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, such Officer or other Person so offending shall be liable to be punished in tuch Manner as is provided by the different Laws and Statutes now in Force for the Punishment of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

V. 'And whereas the Privilege of sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage

is not extended to the Surveyor General of his Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chafes, who by virtue of his Office necessarily fends and receives many Letters and Packets relating to the publick Service of this Kingdom be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Surveyor General of his Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chafes, for the Time being, shall and may send and receive Letters and rackets free from the Duty of PoM sge, in the same Manner and under such Restrictions as other Officers mentioned in an Act, made in th - fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of

0 PoJw,

Every Officer under the Surveyor General of his Majesty's Woods shall lakft the following Oath.

All Returns, Estimates, and Accounts of Timber Trees, Inclosures. Work*, See. to he done in the said Woods, shall be signed and veii-fied upon Oath, before a Jutiiee, or the Suivcjox General,

Copies of such Eft i mates, &c. shall be trans-mi*ted to the Surveyor Gene-tal two Month* previous to their Veiification, who may lequiie the Patties to attend him to be examined upon Oath, and cause the Examination to be reduced into Writing.

Unintentional Errors may be coi tefled, and f > be certified by Surveyor General.

Pc rfons guilty of Pesjury liable to Punishment.

Slircrvm Ge, K, '-i.ii maj tend and receive Letter* ami P iCKcfj Podage-f.ce, a* other Olhccti

720 C. 31 — «33* 4s* GEORGII III.

A.D. 180-j.

ricnilonecl in 4 C. 3.C. 24, and 41 G. 3. c. 63.

P*fla % t\ a«d aMbda another A A made in the f^rty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intHukd, An Act to authorise the Sending and Receiving of Letters and Packets, Poles, Proceedings m Parliaments andprinted Newspapers by the Pof, free from the Duty of P of age, by the Members of the two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain publick Officers therein named; and for reducing the Pof age on such Votes. Proceeding*, and Newspapcns, whensfnt by any other Persons 5. are thereby permitted, in respect of tjheir Officers, to send and receive the same in pursuance of the said Acts; any Law or Statute to tl*e contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for allowing Ycflbls employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports, for the present Season.

[7th April 1803.]

WHEREAS it may be difficult, in the present Circumstances, for the Masters or Owners of Ships cmVY ployed in the Fishery carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davises Streights, by virtue of an Act

42 Geo. 3. c. 22. 4 passed in the forty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing, until the £St*e §3.) < twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and so*r % tlx Bounties granted for the Encouragement

4 of the Greenland Whale FisherUs; and for continuing and amending the Regidations ref puling the fame* and of the Acts in the said Act mentioned, to be provided with their full Complement of Men at the Ports from which such Ships are fitted and cleared out for the said Fishery for Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com*

For the present mans, hi this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, for the present Sea£on % Season, VelTtls it shall and may be lawful for any Ship or Vessel which is not provided with the full Complement of Men purfu-fiot provided ant to XMrecEliions of the said Acts, at the Port from which such Ship or Vessel shall be fitted and cleared CompIlTment of °*lt» to Procee(l from thence to any of the Ports in the Forth if Clyde, or in Lough Ryan, or to Lerwick in the Men at the Port Ific of Shetland, or Kirkwall in the Orkneys, and complete the Number of Men there, provided the Number of Clearance wanted doth not exceed three Common Men for every fifty Tons Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, but not may proceed to otherwise; and upon the Return of such Ship or Vessel from the said Fishery, such Men may b« landed and co*1 'ler^therrf^on Shore at any of the Ports in the Forth of Clyde, or in Lough Ryan, or at Le wick, or Kirkwall aforesaid; vhoPmav be* ant* upon the Mailer or Owners of such Ship or Vessel producing to the proper Officer of the Customs at the landed there on Port of his Arrival in Great Britain a Certificate under the Hand of the Collector and Comptroller of the Cuf-

their Return. toms at any of the Ports aforesaid, as the Case may be, (which Certificate they are hereby enjoined and re-

Certificates of quired to give to the Master of such Ship or Vessel, ) certifying the Number and the Names of the Men so taken the Men taken on board such Ship or Vessel at any of the said Ports, and the Number and Names of the Men that were landedlin^ landed and set on Shore there respectively, upon the Return of such Ship or Vessel from the Fishery; and, Oaih that- Upon the Master and Mate of such Ship or Vessel making Oath before the Collector and Comptroller at the

the Men pro- Port of their Arrival in Great Britain, that the Men so taken on board, as aforesaid, proceeded from thence on

cceded on the the said Fishery, and continued on board during the Time such Ship or Vessel was employed in that Business, Fishery, requir- Mailer or Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall be entitled to the Bounty granted by the said Acts, in the nlthf same Manner as they would have been entitled thereto in case the full Complement of Men had been taken on w U board at the Port from whence such Ship or Vessel was fitted and cleared out, and had returned on board such Ship or Vessel to such Port in Great Britain; provided all the other Regulations and Reflridliflns required and directed by the said Acts have been duly complied with and performed; any Thing in the said Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Cap. xxxni.

An Act to repeal certain Parts of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled.

An Act for the more speedy and effectual Enrolment of the Militia of Ireland; and for filling up Vacancies therein; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof.

[7th April 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more speedy §1.* and effectual Enrolment of the ATdilia of Ireland; and for filling up Vacancies therein; it is amongil other Things enacted, that it should be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, at any Time within four Months after the Passing of the said Act, to issue his Orders to all or any of the several Colonels and other Commanding Officers of the respective Regiments of Militia in Ireland, requiring him or them to proceed to enrol a certain Number of Volunteers; and that for that Purpose it should be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland

for the Time being, to issue his Orders to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland, requiring them to advance, from Time to Time, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Amount in the said Act mentioned, as the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors as aforesaid, might by ' such Order direct, and to pay to the several Colonels, or other Commanding Officers of the different Regiments of Militia in Ireland, such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Rate of two Guineas for every j 2* 4 private Man that might be so enrolled; and it was by the said recited Act further enacted, that, upon such Order being issued, the said several Colonels or Commanding Officers should proceed to enlist and enrol Volun- teers of the Description in the said Act mentioned, giving to each Man, by way of Bounty, any Sum not $.3. 4 exceeding the Sum of two Guineas per Man, to be paid as in the said Act is mentioned; and it was rdfo in and by the said recited Act provided and enacted, that it should not be lawful for any Colonel or Commanding Officer in the said Act mentioned, or for any other Perl'on on his or their Behalf, to give or engage to give, any greater Sum of Money, or other Largess, Bounty, or Reward, ^han the said Su: n of two Guineas, for 2*4 the

721

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 33.

the Purpose of inducing any Man to enrol himself as a Volunteer} and it was in and by the said recited Act further enacted (among other Things), that in case any Vacancy should occur by Death or Desertion, it should be lawful for the said Colonels or Commanding* Officers to procure and enrol, from Time to Time,

Volunteers to fill any Vacancies that might happen by such Death or Desertion, and to pay such Volunteer a 4 Sum not exceeding two Guineas for each Man, out of the Stock-Purse of the said Regiment: And whereas it was also by the said recited Act further enacted, that any Colonel or Commanding Officer who should make any untrue Return to the Office of the Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant, or to the Grand Jury of the County to which his Regiment belongs, should forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds Irtfh Currency for every such Offence, to be recovered as in the said Act is directed: And whereas it is expedient, that the said Rate of Bounty should be increased, and that the said recited Provisions of the said Act herein mentioned should be repealed, and other Provisions made in lieu thereof May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act as relates to the Rate of Bounty to be given to Volunteers in the said recited Act mentioned, and such of the Clauses and Provisions of the said Act as are herein-before recited, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be, and the same is and are hereby accordingly repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, at any Time within twelve Months after the passing of this Act, to issue his Orders to all or any of the several Colonels and other Commanding Officers of the respective Regiments of Militia in Ireland, authorising and requiring him or them to enrol a certain Number of Volunteers, not exceeding in any Case the present Complements of the several Establishments of their respective Regiments, and such Number as shall be from Time to Time necessary to supply any Vacancies in the same by Death, Desertion, or lawful Discharge; and for that Puijofe it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors for the Time being, from Time to Time, to issue his Order or Orders to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland\ requiring them to advance from Time to Time any Sum or Sums of Money as the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors as aforesaid, may by such Order or Orders direct, and to pay to the several Colonels, or other Commanding Officer or Officers of the different Regiments of Militia in Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Rate of four Guineas for every Private Man that may be from Time to Time so enrolled.

III. And be it further enacted, That upon such Order or Orders being issued as aforesaid, the said several*Colonels, or other Commanding Officer or Officers of the said Regiments, shall from Time to Time, immediately after the Receipt of such Order or Orders, proceed to enlist and enrol within their respective County, or County of a City, such Volunteers, being able-bodied Men, usually resident within such respective Counties, and not being less than five Feet and four Inches in Height, and not more than forty-five Years of Age, as can be procured, giving to each Man by way of Bounty any Sum or Sums, and in such Proportions, and payable at such Time or Times as the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the Time being, may from Time to Time direct, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of four Guineas per Man.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for any Colonel or other Commanding Officer or Officers of any Regiment of Militia, or to or for any other Person or Persons whatsoever on his or their Behalf, to advance or give, or to engage or promise to advance or give, for the Purpose of inducing any Man to enrol himself as a Volunteer, any greater or larger Sum of Money, or any other Largess, Bounty, or Reward than such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be so ordered by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the Time being, in Manner aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any Vacancies shall occur in the said Militia by Death, Desertion, or lawful Discharge, it shall and may be lawful for the several Colonels, or other Commanding Officers of the several Regiments, to procure and enrol, from Time to Time, Volunteers to fill up any Vacancies which may happen by such Death, Desertion, or Discharge, and to pay to such Volunteer such Sum or Sums, and in such Proportions, and payable at such Time or Times as the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the Time being, may direct in Manner aforesaid.

Powers of recited Act not hereby altered or repealed, extended to this Act, §6."

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Money necessary to reimburse the several Sums hereby authorised to be paid to Volunteers in Manner aforesaid, shall be respectively raised within the several Counties and Counties of Cities in Ireland, in Manner directed by the said recited Act, save and except that it shall and may be lawful for the several Grand Juries of the said Counties and Counties of Cities, to raise the fame, either by Presentment on the County at large, or by Presentments on separate Baronies or Parishe&j as may appear to them, in each particular Case, to be just and equitable.

u Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §8."

§9-

So much of recited Act as relates to the Rate of Bounty, and the recited Provisions, repealed.

Lord Lieutenant may issue Orders for enrolling Volunteers, and may requite the Treasury to issue Money to the Commanding Officers of the Militia, not exceeding four Guineas for each Man enrolled.

Upon receiving such Orders, the Commanding Officers shall proceed to enliff Volunteers, giving them Bounties as may be directed by the Lord Lieutenant.

No larger Sum shall be given to Volunteers, than shall be (6 diieded.

Volunteers may

be enrolled to 611 up Vacancies.

Money to reim-burst Bounties fhJlbe raised as urder c. a. except that it may be raised on the Counties at large, or frpa* T3ic Kaionies, Sec,

41 Geo. III

4

722 C. 34, 35

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

[ Ste mlfb c. 6<. of thuSrjftQn.]

The Premises herein deferi bed vested in Trustees for the Owners, until their Inierefts therein shall be determined, and Purchase Money paid.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to continue, until the eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, an Act made in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continucy until the eighth Da* of April One thousand eight hundred and three, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for fraying Proceedings in Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, " for abridging Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of Livings, and of taking of Perms and also to flay Proceedings in Actions under the Act of the thirteenth Tear of Queen Elizabeth, touching*Leases of Benefices, and other EcclesiasticalLivings, with Cure.1 [7th April 1803.]

44 41 Geo. 3. r. 102. 42 Geo. 3. c. 86. recited. — The lad-recited Act continued till July 8, 1803. [See pofiy 44 c. 84. of this Session: a permanent Ad on these Subjects.y*

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments in Trustees, for further promoting the Service of his Majesty's Ordnance at Woolwich.

[7th April 1803.]

Statute 42 Geo. 3. r. 89. recited."

4 AND whereas it is found expedient for carrying the Purposes mentioned in the said Act fully into Effect> 4 jtV to purchase the Lands and Hereditaments herein after mentioned: And whereas the Purchases of the said Lands and Hereditaments by the said recited Act veded in the said Trustees therein named, have not been proceeded in, nor hath any Commission been yet granted by his Majesty pursuant to the said Act, it hav- ing been found essential and necessary for the Service of his Majesty's Ordnance at Woolwich, still further to extend and enlarge the Premises occupied and employed in the said Service, and for that Purpose to purchase such other Lands and Hereditaments for the Use of the said Service, as herein after mentioned: And whereas the Lands, Rights, and Interests to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, are or maybe vested in orbelonging to Infants, Femes Coverts, Trustees, or other Persons who by Law are disabled to make any Contrafts or Conveyances; in all which Cases, as likewise when any Owners or other Persons entitled to or interested in the fame, designing to obstruct the publick Service, or to make any unreasonable Gain to themselves, infill on extravagant Rates, it will be necessary to have Recourse to the same Methods as in the said recited Act are directed to be had with respect to the Lands and Hereditaments therein mentioned 5' be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all that Piece or Parcel of Land containing by Admeasurement two Acres two Roods and one Perch or thereabouts, being Part and Parcel of a Close or Field called Woodys Piece near the Bam; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land called Cottage Green, containing by Admeasurement two Roods and two Perches or thereabouts; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land, being Part of a Close or Field called Chimney Fields with the Westward Farm Yard thereto adjoining and belonging, containing by Admeasurement eight Acres three Roods and thirty-five Perches or thereabouts; and also all those three small Cottages erected on the said last mentioned Piece or Parcel of Land, and now in the several Occupations of Thomas Penn9 Jeremiah Miles, and John Price\ and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land called Conduit Field, containing by Admeasurement four Acres two Roods and thirty-seven Perches or thereabouts; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Admeasurement two Roods and eighteen Perches or thereabouts, being Part and Parcel of a Close or Field called Little Heath Field; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land called The Eafhward Farm Tard, with the Stables and Buildings thereon erected, containing by Admeasurement one Rood and eleven Perches or thereabouts; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land called The Stack Tard9 containing by Admeasurement two Roods and nineteen Perches or thereabouts; and also all that small Piece or Parcel of Garden Ground in the Occupation of Thomas Penn9 containing by Admeasurement twenty-four Perches or thereabouts; and also all that other small Piece or Parcel of Garden Ground in the Occupation of Jeremiah Miles9 containing by Admeasurement seventeen Perches or thereabouts; all which said several Pieces or Parcels of Land herein-before mentioned, are in the Tenure and Occupation of Samuel Hardin; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Garden Ground in the Tenure and Occupation of Joseph Wellard, containing by Admeasurement two Roods and thirty-seven Perches or thereabouts; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Garden and other Ground, with the two Messuages or Tenements thereon erected and built, in the Tenure and Occupation of Alexander Bryfon, containing by Admeasurement one Rood and sixteen Perches or thereabouts; and also all that triangular Piece or Parcel of Land, being Part and Parcel of a Close or Field called Mulgrave Place Fields in the Tenure and Occupation of the said Joseph Wellard, and containing by Admeasurement three Roods and one Perch or thereabouts; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land, being Part and Parcel of a Close or Field called Rush Grove, with the two Cottages thereon erected and built; and also a small quadrangular Piece or Parcel of Ground, situate at the south-east Corner of the Eastward Farm Tard herein-before mentioned, in the Tenure and Occupation of Henry Rideout, containing by Admeasurement three Roods and twenty Perches or thereabouts; all which said several Pieces or Parcels of Land, Messuages or Tenements, Cottages, and Gardens herein-before mentioned, are the Property of Jofm Bowater Esquire, and are abutted and bounded as follows; (that is to say,; on the South by Lands particularly mentioned and described in the said Act, made in the lull Session of Parliament, and now called or known by the several Names of the Old Barrack Field and the New Barrack Field, and on the West and North by other Lands of the said John Bowater, from which the same have been lately separated or marked off by Pickets, and terminating in a Point

1 at

723

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 35, 36.

at the east End in Love Lane; and also all that other Piece , or Parcel of Land, being Part of the Waste or Common Lands of the Manor of Charlton called Little Heath, containing in Length from the Stile at the north-west Corner of Little Heath Field, and from thence proceeding in the Course of the present Footpath there, to the publick Highway leading from Charlton to Woolwich Common, along the north Side of Lady Wilfori*8 Park Wall, four hundred and seventy Yards or thereabouts, and in Width thirty Feet or thereabouts; and which said Piece or Parcel of Land lastly above described, it is intended to convert into a publick Carriage Road leading from Woolwich to Charlton; and also all that Piece of Waste Land, containing by Estimation eighty Acres or thereabouts (be the same more or less), commonly called Woolwich Common, situate in the Parish of Woolwich in the said County of Kent; and all the Estates, Rights, and Interests, Claims, and Demands whatsoever, of any Person or Persons in, upon, over, or out of the same (other than and except the Estate, Right, and Interest of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of, in, and to the same Piece of Waste Land; and also except all Messuages, Tenements, Edifices, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, and Inclosures whatsoever, now erected, built, or made upon or from the same; and also except all ancient and accustomed Highways, Roads, Paths, and Passages upon or over the fame); all which said Piece of Waste Land called Woolwich Common is Parcel of the Waste Lands of the Manor of Eltham, which Manor is now held by Sir John Gregory Shaw Baronet, under a Lease from the Crown, for a Term of Years, which will expire in or about the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten: and which said Piece of Waste Land (except the said Messuages, Tenements, Edifices, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, and Inclosures, and all Timber and other Trees; and also except all Common of PStfture and Turbary, and other Common Rights and Privileges thereou of and belonging to the said Sir John Shaw, and the Freehold Tenants and other Persons of or within the said Manor of Elf-ham; and all such Highways, Roads, Paths, and Passages as aforesaid, and also except all Courts Leet and Baron, Perquisites and Profits of Courts, Waifs, Estrays, Deodands, Goods and Chattels of Felons, Fugitives, and Outlaws, Eftovers and Commons of Eftovers, Free Warren, and all other the Manorial Rights, Jurisdictions, Franchises, Liberties, and Advantages whatsoever, belonging to the said Sir John Shaw, as Lord of the said Manor), was by Indenture of Lease, bearing Date the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and one, demised by the said Sir John Shaw to the principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance, in Trust for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from Michaelmas then last, for the Term of seven Years, at and under the yearly Rent of twenty-one Pounds, and under and subject to certain Covenants and Restrictions therein contained, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Charles Abbot, Sir Edward Knatchbull, and Filmer Honey wood, and their Heirs, in Trust nevertheless for such Person or Persons as, at or immediately before the Time of making this Act, were the several and respective Owners thereof, or had any Rights or Interests therein, according to their several Estates, Rights, and Interests in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, until such Estates, Rights, and Interests shall be respectively adjudged or determined, and until the Purchase Monies for the same that Audi be agreed upon or assessed as the true Value thereof shall be paid; and that the said Purchase Monies shall be paid and applied to such and the same Uses, Intents, and Purposes, a3 the said Estates, Rights, and Interests so vested in the above-mentioned Trustees, were limited and settled previous to the passing of this Act, so far as the Rules of Law will allow thereof; and that in the mean Time the Rents ana Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments shall be paid and applied by the said Trustees to, and all such Rights and Interests as aforesaid shall be held and enjoyed by, such Person or Persons as were entitled to have, receive, hold, and enjoy the same respectively, and in such Proportions, Manner, and Form as the same were payable, and were held and enjoyed, previous to the passing of this Act.

41 On Payment of the Purchase Monty agreed for or assessed, Premises shall vest in the Trustees for the Use of 41 his Majesty, §2."

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no ancient and accustomed Highways, Roads, Paths, or Passages, in, over, or upon the said Lands veiled by, and to be purchased in pursuance of, this Act, shall be Hopped up, altered, or diverted, other than and except in such Manner as the same respectively might by Law nave been stoppedjup, altered, and diverted in case this Act had not been passed.

4< His Majesty by Commission under recited Act may authorise Commissioners to determine all Titles and 4i Rights to Premises, fcfr.; and Commissioners may aft under recited Act and this Act, §4."

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for raising the Sum of four Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

[22d April 1803.]

u Treasury authorised to raise 4, 000, 000l. by Loans or Exchequer Bills, as under Malt Act of this Selffon* u c. 3. concerning Loans, Csfr. j 1, 2. Exchequer Bills shall bear Interest not exceeding 3 d. per Cent, ter 4i Diem, §3. And shall not be received in Payment of Taxes, or exchanged, before April 5 , 1804, &c. £4. 11 Loans 011 Exchequer Bills, with Interest, shall be payable out of the first Supplies of next Session, §5. 44 Bank of England authorised to advance not exceeding 2, 000, 000l. on the Credit of this Act, §6."

4z

Ancient Roads Hull not be stopped up,

72+

C. 37>38

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Rear Admiral Sir James Saumarez Baronet, and Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, in Consideration of his eminent Services which he nas performed on various Occasions. £2 2d April 1803.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS your Majesty, by your most Gracious MefTage to your faithful Commons, hath been

pleased to signify, That your Majesty had taken into your Gracious Consideration the eminent Services performed on various Occasions by Rear Admiral Sir Jama Saumarez Baronet, and Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, and particularly the Valour, Promptitude, and Ability which he displayed

in successfully attacking a superior Squadron of French and Spanish Ships in the Streights of Gibraltar on the twelfth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one, and to recommend to your faithful Commons to make Provision lor the said Sir James Saumarex9 and that, for that Purpose, an Annuity of one thousand two

hundred Pounds should be granted to the said Sir Jama Saumarez during the Term of his natural Life, to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund &c,

His Majesty empowered to grant to Sir James Saumarez an Annuity of 1200l. for his Life, to commence from July 12, 1801, payable quarterly out of British )Consolidated Fund, § I. Payable at the Exchequer wifnout Fees, §2. And not chargeable with any Tax, §3."

Where any Reduction ot Mi-liiia Officer* shall have taken place under 42 Geo. 3. c. 90, or c. 91, &c. such Officers may succeed to Vacnicies, if approved of l>y his Majesty, and take Rank under their original Commission.

Mif Majesty may approve the Appointment of any Captain (being reduced as not qualified under said Alts) to resume his Station.

Captain-Lieutenants, serving at the patting of the said Alts, continued.

If Officers duly qualified cannot be found, Offi-rers of the Army or Maiiaes, ou

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act to provide, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, for the more speedy and effectual Completion of the Establishment of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain; and for facilitating the filling up Vacancies therein.

[22d April 1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the more speedy and effectual Completion of the EstabliftiVV ment of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain, and for facilitating the filling up Vacancies therein; May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cates where any Reduction of Field-Officers, or of other Officers, shall have taken place in the Militia of any County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, or in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps thereof, in Great Britain either under an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia; or under another Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to raise and establish a Militia Force in Scotland; or in consequence of any Diminution of the Numbers of Militia Men for any County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, or in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia thereof, previous to the last disembodying of the Militia Forces, every such Field or other Officer who shall have been lb reduced, if duly qualified according to the Provisions of the said recited Acts, or either of them, shall, notwithstanding such Reduction, be competent to succeed to any Vacancy of a Commission of equal Rank in the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia in which he was serving at the Time of such Reduction, or in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia of the same County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, provided such Officer shall be approved by his Majesty as eligible to fill such Vacancy; and every such Officer, who shall be so appointed to fill such Vacancy in such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, shall take Rank, as well within the same as in the General Line of Militia, according to the Date of his original Commission.

II. And, for the more speedy and effectual supply ing of Vacancies among the Captains of Militia, ' be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, on the Recommendation of the Lieutenant of any County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, or, in his Absence, of three Deputy Lieutenants, to approve the Appointment of any Person who, at the Time of the late disembodying of the Militia, was actually serving as a Captain in the Militia of any County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place in Great Bntainy or in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corns thereof, and who, under and by virtue of the said recited Acts of the last Session of Parliament, or either of them, shall have been considered as reduced, by reason of not having the Qualification required by Law, to resume his Station and Rank in the Militia of such County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, or in such Regiment, Battalion* or Corps, by virtue of his original Commission; and it shall be lawfnL for every such Person, so recommended and approved of as aforesaid, to terve as a Captain without having the Qualification required by Law; any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and every Person so serving shall take Rank in such Militia, or in such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, as well as in the General Line of the Militia, according to the Date of such original Commission.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Person who, at the Time of the passing of the said recited Acts of the last Session of Parliament, or either of them, waa actually serving as a Captain-Lieutenant of Militia, to continue to terve as such; and every such Person, so continuing to terve as such Captain-Lieutenant, (hah be entitled to rank.accordingly.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if a sufficient Number of Officers, duly qualified according to the said recited Acts, or either of them, or this Act, cannot be found to accept of Commissions in the Militia of Great Britain, within two Months from the Date of his Majesty's Warrant for embodying any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants respectively to appoint, for

6 that

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

3^> 39*

that Service, such a Number of Officers in the Army or Marines, whether on Full or Half Pay, or of Persona who have had Commissions in any of his Majesty's Forces, or in the Miliria, including such Officers as are serving at the Time as Lieutenants in the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia* in which any Company is become vacant, or in any Corps of Provisional Cavalry which may have been embodied, and have retired therefrom, as his Majesty shall approve, although not qualified according to the Laws relating to the Militia;

Provided that such Officers, in the Army or Marines, or said Provisional Cavalty, shall not be appointed to any igher Rank in the Militia, than they respectively have or have had in his Majesty's other Forces, or in the Militia: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall enable any Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, to appoint any of the Persons herein described to bear any higher Commission1 in the Militia than that of Captain.

V. And be it further enacted, That if within two Months from the Date of his Majesty's Warrant for embodying any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia in Great Britain, a sufficient Number of Officers posteffing the Qualification required by Law within the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, to which such Regiment ^Battalion, or Corps shall belong, cannot be found to accept Commissions therein, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants respectively, with the Approbation of his Majesty, to appoint Persons possessing any sufficient Estate or Property of the Value reauired by Law, in any other Part of England or Walet, if such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, shall be Part of the Militia of Englandt or in any other Part of Scotland, if such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, shall be Part of the Militia of Scotland.

VI. ' And, for the better Encouragement of Militia Men who may be attached to the Service of the Artilw*lery, ' be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, if he shall think fit, to order anddirect that any Militia Men who shall be attached to the Service of the Artillery, and shall do Duty as Artillery Men, shall receive increased Pay, not exceeding such and the like Pay during the Time of their serving and doing Duty as Artillery Men as aforesaid, as any of the Men serving in the Royal Coras of Artillery are or may be entitled to; and it shall also be lawful for his Majesty to direct the same to be paid for such Periods, and under and subjc& to such Regulations and Restrictions, as his Majesty may deem proper and necessary, from Time IQ. Time, to order and direct in relation to any such Increase of Pay as aforesaid-

u Continuation of Act, 25 March 1804, §7*"

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for appointing Commissioners for distribudng the Money ftipulafied to be paid by the United States of America, under the Convention made between his Majesty and the said United States, among the Persons having Claims to Compensation out of such Money.

[lad April 1803.]

WHEREAS by a Convention, made at London on the eighth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and two, between his Majesty and the United States of America, the said United States en- gaged to pay> and his Majesty consented to accept, for the Use of the Persons described in the sixth Article of the Treaty of Commerce, Amity, and Navigadon, concluded at London on the fourth Day of November One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, between his Majesty and the said United States, in Satisfaction and Discharge of the Money which the United States might have been liable to pay, in pursuance of the Pbnovisions of the said sixth Article, the Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, payable at the City of Washington in America % in three annual Instalments of two hundred thousand Pounds Sterling each, and to such Person or Persons as should be authorized by his Majesty to receive the same; the first of the said Instal- ments to be paid at the Expiradon of one Year, and the second Instalment at the Expiration of two Years*. and the third and last Instalment at the Expiration of three Years next following the Exchange of the Ratifi- cation of the said Convention, and to be paid in Money of the said United States, reckoning four Dollars and forty-four Cents to be equal to one Pound Sterling: And whereas it is expedient that Commissioner, 4 should be appointed for the apportioning, dividing, and distribudng such Sum of Money amongst the several Persons who shall by such Commissioners be found entitled to receive Compenfadon out of the same, in Proportion to their several and respective Claims, so far as the same shall by such Commissioners be approved or adjudged to be good Mav it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it ena&edby the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Thomas Macdo-nald Esquire, Henry Pye Rich Esquire, and John GuiUemard Esquire, shall be, and they are hereby constituted and appointed Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid; and that the Adjudication of such Commissioners, or any two of them, as to all Claims made for Compensation out of such Money, and also as to the Apportionment and Distribution thereof as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners in this Act named, before they enter upon the Execution of the same, shall take an Oath before the Master of the Rolls for the Time being, or one of his Majesty's Justices of the Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Barons of the Exchequer (which they, cr either of them, are hereby authorized and required to administer in the Form following, that is to say),

4 Y A.B. do swear. That* according to the best of my Judgment and Knowledge, I will faithfully, imparX tially, and truly execute the several Powers and Trails vested in me by an Act, intituled, An Act [here inj'ert the Title of the A8\ % according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Act, '

Parties or Witnesses may be examined on Oath, §3. Commissioners may fend for Persons and Record^ 44 and appoint Officers, §4. Written Depositions, fcfr- may be received in Evidence, §5, "

725

Full or Half Pay, &o. approved by his Majesty, may he appointed Captains, though not qualified, &c.

Tf Officers possessing Qualifications within the County cannot he found, Persons pofltfP* ing Qualifications elsewhere may be appoint* ed.

His Majesty may order inert fed Pay to Militia Men attached to the Artillery.

Convention with America, 8th Jan* 1801.

Commissionert

appointed.

Their Oath*

ys6 C. 39. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Persons giving f life Evidence, fulxjcft 10 the P.iins of Perjury.

No Claim to be received after June r, 1804. Commissioners shall give an Account of their Proceedings to the Treasury, &c.

Treasury to issue Money necef-r.i y f>r carrying Act into Execu-tun.

The Inftulments of the 600, 0001. when paid in America, shall be remitted to the Bank of England, subject -to the Order of the Commissioners. When Claims arc ascertained. Order shall be made out lor Payment.

Notice of such Remittances or Orders for Payment shall be

Chlished in the ndonGazcue.

Orders of Commissioners sufficient Authority to the Bank.

Orders may be transferable.

Free from Stamps,

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, upon Examination upon Oath before the said Commissioners, or any two of them respectively, as before mentioned, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence; every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be, subject and liable to such Pains ana Penalties as by any Law now in being, Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Claim or Request of any Person or Persons under this Act shall be received after the firfh Day of June One thousand eight hundred and four.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time, at their Discretion, or as often as they shall be thereunto required, and as soon as possible for the Determination of their Examinations and Proceedings, by virtue of this Act, without any further Requisition, give an Account of their Proceedings in Writing to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, and to his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the Time being.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, are hereby authorized to issue, or cause to be issued, all such Sums of Money as may from Time to Time be necessary for the enabling the said Commissioners to carry into Execution the Purposes of this Act, and shall cause the same to be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any two of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands, desire or direct out of any Part of the publick Monies remaining in his Majesty's Exchequer; which Sum so issued and paid shall be employed for the Payment of such Secretary, Agent3, Clerks, Messengers, and other Officers, and in defraying all other necessary Charges in or about the Execution of the Powers of this Act, and in such Manner and in such Proportions as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any two of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals in that Behalf, the same to be accounted for by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be issued and paid, according to the Course of his Majesty's Exchequer, without any Fee or other Charges to be taken or demanded for the Issuing and Payment of the same, or on the Passing of the said Accounts, other than such Sum as the said Commissioners, or any two offcthem, shall appoint; and which Money so issued shall not be subject to any Tax, Duty, Rate, or Assessment whatsoever imposed by Authority of Parliament.

" His Majesty may supply Vacancies occasioned by Death or Resignation of Commiflkmers during the Recefa

of Parliament, §10."

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said several Instalments of the said Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds shall, as soon after the Payment thereof respectively in America as the same can be done, be remitted to and paid into the Hands of the Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to the Account of, and with the Privity and in the Names of, the Commissioners appointed under this Act, and shall be and remain in the Names of the said Commissioners for the Time being under this Act, to be paid to the several and respective Persons entitled thereto, under the Orders of the said Commissioners, or any two of them, pursuant to the Provisionspf this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Commissioners, or any two of them, shall have approved and adjudged the Claim of any Person or Persons to any such Compensation as aforesaid, to be good and valid in the Whole or in Part, and ascertained the Amount of any Dividend or Proportion of Money to which any such Perfoifis or Persons respectively are then entitled, the said Commissioners, or any two of them, shall make out, or cause to be made out, in such Form as they shall think fit, an Order or % Orders for the Payment of such Sum or Sums respectively as shall have been so ascertained as aforesaid, or of such Part thereof as shall be in Proportion to the Amount of the Money which shall then have been remitted from America, and paid into the Bank of England, in Manner herein-before directed, and shall annex their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Seals of any two of them, to such Order or Orders, and shall cause the same to be delivered to the Person or Persons respectively entitled thereto, or to the Agent or Agents of such Person or Persons duly authorized, on such Receipts, Acquittances, or Alignments being delivered, duly executed, by such Person or Persons, to the Extent of the Money to be by such rerson or Persons respectively received, as the said Commissioners, or any two of them, shall have directed or required.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any Instalment or Instalments as aforesaid shall have been so paid into the Bank of England, the said Commissioners, or any two of them, shall cause Notice thereof to be published in The London Gazette, and so soon as they shall have ascertained any Dividend or Proportion of Money as aforesaid, they shall cither cause special Notice thereof to be given to the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same, or to the known Agent or Agents of such Person or Persons respectively, of the Time when and Place where the Order or Orders for Payment will be delivered, or cause Notice thereof to be published in The London Gazette, as they shall think proper.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Order of the said Commissioners, or any two of them, shall at any Time be sufficient Authority to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Payment of any Money so paid into the Names of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, in Manner directed by this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Order made by the said Commissioners, or any two of them, under this Act, shall be transferable by the Indorsement thereon, and Signature, attested by two credible Witnesses to such Indorsement of the Person or Persons to whom the same mall have been made and given by the said Commissioners, or of the Person or Persons holding the same under any such Indorsement thereof as aforesaid; and no such Order or Indorsement thereon shall be subject to any Stamp Duty.

c.

A.D. 18-03

43° GEORGII III.

C. 40 — 43

727

CAP. XL.

An Act for enlarging the Period for the Payment of Part of certain Sums of Money advanced by way of Loan to several Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent* [17th May 1803.]

u The Statutes 35 G. 3. c. 127. 37 G. 3. c. 27. 39 G. 3. c. 11. and 29 & 40 G. 3. c. 13. 41 G. 3. (G. B.) 44 c 27. 42 G. 3. c. 39. recited. — Persons who have repaid one Third of the original Sum advanced may apply to the Commissioners to have the Time for Repayment of Loans extended, who may extend it either on the €t former, or on new Securities, § l. Sureties willing to remain so for Repayment of Loan at the extended Times, shall signify their Consent to the Secretary, §2. and Schedule (A.). Commissioners empowered to receive Applications for Extension of Times for Repayment of Loans, §3. Commissioners may grant to u Persons not prepared to tender new Securities previous to instalments becoming due, four Months further* Time, for procuring such Securities, §4. and Schedule (B.). After signing Consent by original Sure* 94 ties, life. the Commissioners may grant Extension of Times of Repayment of Loan, by fix instalments, with 91 interest, vi % . May 5^and October 5 next after passing the Act, [August; and October 5, 1803; fee cap. 104. 94 of this Session, §1.], March $ and October 5, 1804, and March; and October 5, 1805, §5. Form of Certifi-94 cate of Grant of such Extension, §6 — Schedule (C). Previous to receiving Certificates of Extension of* Time, all interest due shall be paid, §7. [See c. 104. §2.] Remedies of recited or other Acts for 94 compelling Repayment of Loan, shall continue, life. $ 8. Commissioners shall have the same Powers at 99 under recited Acts, §9. Sureties paying Loan shall have the same Remedies against the Principals or 91 Co-Sureties as under recited Acts; and Mortgages taken by the Commissioners as Securities, shall remain 99 as Securities for Re-imbursement to Sureties, of Money advanced, §10. Three Commissioners may aft, 99 §11. Obligations taken by the Commissioners, &c. not liable to Stamp Duty, §12."

[The Schedules are nearly the same mutatis mutandis as under 42 G. 3. c. 39.].

CAP. XLL

An Act for encreasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers* [17th May 1803.]

[Until March 25, 1804. — See 41 G. 3. {U.K.) c. 35. to which this Act is Jtmilar.]

CAP. XLII.

An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, so much of an Act made in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to certain Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, for permitting British Plantation Sugar to be ware-housed, and for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported, as relates to repealing the Duties on Sagar and Coffte exported, and allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused.

[17th May 1803.]

14 Statute 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 44. (as continued and amended by 42 G. 3. r. 47.), recited; and so much*99 thereof as relates to repealing the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, life, continued till March 25, " 1804, §1. Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §2."

[See 43 G. 3. c. 68. Schedule (A). Inwards, 99 Sugar.99"}

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four, several Acts of Parliament for the better Collection and Security of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland; and for preventing Frauds therein.

[17th May 1803.]

94 frish Acts 40 G. 3. c. 43. for Collection of the Revenues — 38 G. 3. c. 24. for securing Duty on Auctions, 44 GLafs Bottles, and stained Paper, and 39 G. 3. c. 24. 40 G. 3. c. 87. for continuing and amending thereof — 44 40 G. 3. c. 20. for regulating Bounties on Exportation — 40 G. 3. c. 67. for regulating Distillers, and 41 G. 3. 44 iU.K.) c. 47. for amending and continuing thereof — 40 G. 3. c. 9. for securing Duties on certain Hides, 44 Skins, Vellum, and Parchment — 40 G. 3. c. 63. for securing Duties on Licences, life.; and 42 G. 3. c. 83. 44 on Licences to Malt-fellers — -37 G. 3. c. 45. for regulating Licences for the Sale of Wine, Beer, and Spirits; 44 and 38 G. 3. c. 73. 39 G. 3. c. 40.40 G. 3. c. 54. 41 G. 3. (£/. K.) c. 48. for continuing and amending thereof — 37 G. 3. c. 33; for securing Duty on Malt; and 40 G. 3. c. 57. for amending and continuing thereof 44 — 4© G. 3. c. 68. for regulating-Permits for Exciseable Goods — 38 G. 3. c. 52. for regulating Reftifiers of Spirits, and 39 G. 3. c. 58. for amending and continuing thereof — 37 G. 3. c. 42. for regulating the Tobacco Trade, and 40 G. 3.^77. for amending and continuing thereof — all recited and continued till September 29, 44 1804, (except as amended or repealed by each other, and except as to Duties on Licences to fell Spirits by Retail, ) §1. Irish Acts 36 G. 3. c. 52. for Improvement and Extension of the Fisheries — 13 & 14 G. 3. 44 c. 7. respecting Tontines — both recited and continued to said September 29, 1804, f 2. Act may be al* u tered or repealed this Session, §3.,

7zS C. 44 — 46, 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to amend and continue (until three Months after any Restriction imposed by any Act of the present Session of Parliament on the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payments shall cease), an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland.

[17th May 1803.]

ic Irish Act 37 G. 3. c. 51. (continued by 42 G. 3. r. 45.), recited; the said Act, 37 G. 3. shall have Conti-nuance till three Months after Ceasing of Restriction on the Bank of England, under c. 18. of this Session; 4i unless an Order in Council shall direct otherwise, §1. On Application to be discharged on Common Bail 41 for Defect of Affidavit, Defendant shall prove a Tender of the Debt, either wholly in Notes, or partly in 4< Notes and partly in Money, §2. [See $ 2. of cap. 18 of this Sefftoit.] Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §3."

Recital of Riots at Elections for the Town of Nottingham.

Justices foi the County of Nottingham may act as Justices for the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham i

and Persons authorized by them shall act in pursuance of such Authority, kc.

CAP. XLV.

An Act for the more effectually preserving the Peace, and securing the Freedom of Election, in the Town of Nottingham, and County of the said Town.

[17th May 1803.]

WHEREAS of late Years, many Riots and Disturbances of the publick Peace, have taken place within 4 W the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham; and at the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Town and County, the Freedom of such Election was, by great Riots and Disturb- ances, grossly violated, and a great Number of Electors were deterred from exercising their Franchise by voting at such Election: And whereas the said Town and County of the said Town were formerly Part of the County of Nottingham, but have been separated and made distinct therefrom, and exempted from the Jurisdiction of the Magistrates of the said County of Nottingham; and the Mayor and Aldermen of the said Town of Nottingham are Justices of the Peace in and for the said Town and the County of the said Town

And whereas the said distinct and exclusive Jurisdiction has been found ineffectual for preserving the Peace and securing the Freedom of Election within the said Town and County of the said Town; ' may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's raoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace in and for the County of Nottingham for the Time being, ana they are hereby required to act as Justices of the Peace in and for the said Town and County of the said Town of Nottingham; and such Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of Nottingham, are hereby authorized and empowered to act as Justices of the Peace in and for the said Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, in as full and ample Manner as they could or might have done, if the said Town and County of the said Town had not been made a distinct County, but bad continued to all Intents and Purposes Part of the said County of Nottingham, and as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes whatever as the Mayor apd Aldermen of the said Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, or any or either of them, as Justices of the Peace, before the passing of this Act, have used and exercised within the said Town and County of the said Town, or any Part thereof, any Charter, Law, Caftom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and all Persons whatever, either within the said County of Nottingham at large, or within the said Town of Nottingham and County of the said Town/ who may at any Time hereafter be lawfully authorized, appointed, or required by any of the said Justice or Justices, as such Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said Town and County of the Town of Nottingham by virtue of this Act, to do any Act, Matter, or Thing, are hereby authorized and required to act in pursuance of such Authority, Appointment, or Requisition, in the same Manner, and under and subject to the same Pains and Penalties for Disobedience thereof, and under the same Protection and Privileges, as to any Act, Matter, or Thing done or to be done in pursuance thereof, as if such Act, Matter, or Thing respectively, were or had been done, or were or had been authorized, appointed, or required, within the said County of Nottingham at large.

4i Recital that the ensuing Election for a Member may be previous to the Midsummer Quarter Sessions. — 44 Persons taking out their Dedimus Poteflatrm previous to such Election, enabled to take the Oath of Quali- fication before two Magistrates, instead of at the Sessions, §2."

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for the more effectual Prevention of frivolous and vexatious Arrests and Suits*, and to authorize the levying of Poundage upon Executions in certain Cases.

[27th May 1803.]

T70R the more effectual Prevention of frivolous and vexations Arrests, and for the Relief of Persons imX1 prisoned on Mesne Process; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of June One thousand eight hundred land or Ireland, and three, no Person shall be arrested or held to Special Bail upon any Process issuing out of any Court, A^ion^no?ori- w*n th°fe Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England and Ireland, for a gmanjr sufficient ^au^e Action not originally amounting to such Sum for which such Person is by the Laws now in being, to require Bail, liable to be arrested and held to Bail, over and above and exclusive of any Colls, Charges, and Expencts that

may

No Person Hi all be arrested on Process of any Court in Eng-

A.D. 1803# 430 GEORGII III# 0.46*

may have been incurred) recovered) or become chargeable in or about the suing for or recovering the fame) or any Part thereof,

II. 4 And whereas it does and may happen that Persons arrested upon Mesne Process may not be able to

find sufficient Sureties for their Appearance at the Return of the Writ, and yet may be able to make a Deposit of the Money for which they are so arrested) together with a competent Sum for Colts: And whereas c it is expedient that Persons arrested should, upon making such Deposit, be permitted to go at Large until the Return of the Writ without finding Bail to the Sheriff for their Appearance at the Return thereof; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons who shall, from and after the first Day of June in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and three, be arrested upon Mesne Process, within those Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England and Ireland, shall be allowed in lieu of giving Bail to the Sheriff, to deposit in the Hands of the Sheriff, by delivering to him, or to his Under Sheriff, or other Officer to be by him appointed for that Purpose, the oum indorkd upon the Writ by virtue of the Affidavit for holding to Bail in that Action, together with ten Pounds in Addition to such Sum to answer the Costs which may accrue or be incurred in such Action up to and at the Time of the Return of the Writ; and also such further Sum of Money, if any, as shall have been paid for the King's Fine upon any original Writ; and shall thereupon be discharged from such Arrest as to the AdUon in which he, she, or they shall so deposit the Sum indorsed on the Writ; and that the Sheriff shall, in every such Case, at or before the Return of the said Writ, pay into the Court in which such Writ shall be returnable the Sum of Money so deposited with him as aforesaid; and thereupon in case the Defendant or Defendants shall afterwards duly put in and perfedfc Bail in such AdUon according to the Course and Practice of such Court, the Sum of Money so deposited and paid into Court as aforesaid shall, by Order of the Court, upon Motion to be made for that Purpose, be repaid to such Defendant or Defendants; but in case the Defendant or Defendants shall not duly put in and perfect Bail in such Action, then and in such Case, the said Sum of Money so deposited and paid into Court as aforesaid, shall, by Order of the Court, upon a like Motion to be made for that Purpose, be paid over to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action, who shall be thereupon authorized to enter a Common Appearance, or file Common Bail for such Defendant or Defendants, if the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall so think fit 5 such Payment to the Plaintiff Or Plaintiffs to be made subject to such Deductions, if any, from the Sum of ten Pounds deposited and paid to answer the Costs as aforesaid, as upon the Taxation of the PlaintifPs Costs, as Well of the Suit as of his Application to the Court in that Behalf, may be found reasonable.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Actions to be brought in England 6r Ireland\ from and after the said first Day of June, in the said Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and three, wherein the Defendant or Defcmhnts shall be arrested and held to Speciil Bail, and wherein the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not recover the Amount of the Slim for which the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall have been so arrested and held to Special Bail, such Defendant or Defendants shall be entitled to Costs of Suit, to be taxed according to the Custom of the Court in which such Action shall have been brought; provided that it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Court in which such Action is brought, upon Motion to be made in Court for that Purpose, and Upon hearing the Parties by Affidavit, that the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action had not any reasonable or probable Cause for causing the Defendant or Defendants to be arrested and held to Special Bail in such Amount as aforesaid, and provided such Court shall thereupon by a Rule or Order of the same Court, direct that such Costs shall be allowed to the Defendant or Defendants; and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall upon fudh Rule or Order being made as aforesaid, be disabled from taking out any Execution for the Sum recovered in any such Action, unless the same shall exceed, and then in such Sum only as the same shall exceed the Amount of the taxed Costs of the Defendant or Defendants in such Action; and in case the Sum recovered in any such Action shall be less than the Amount of the Costa of the Defendant or Defendants to be taxed as aforesaid, that then the Defendant or Defendants shall be entitled, after deducting the Sum of Money recovered by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action from the Amount of his or their Colts so to be taxed as aforesaid, to take out Execution for such Costs, in like Manner as a Defendant or Defendants may now by Law have Execution for Costs in other Cases.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Actions which shall be brought in England or Ireland, from and after the said first Day of June in the said Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and three, upon any Judgement recovered, or which shall be recovered, in any Court in England of Ireland, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action on the Judgement, shall not recover or be entitled to any Costs of Suit, unless the Court in which such Action on the Judgement shall be brought, or fotac Judge of the same Court shall otherwise order.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of June in the said Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and three, in every Action in which the tfaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be entitled to levy under an Execution against the Goods of any Defendant, such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs may also levy the Poundage Fees and Expences of the Execution over and above the Sum recovered by the Judgement.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, if any Defendant shall be taken, detained, or charged in Custody at the Suit of any Person or Persons upon Mesne Process issuing out of any of his Majesty's Courts of Records at Westminster or Dublin, and shall be imprisoned or detained thereon, after the Return of such Process* it shall and may be lawful for such De-fondant in Vacation Time only, and upon due Notice thereof given to the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Process, to put in and justify Bail before any one of the Justices or Barons of the Court out of which such Process shall have issued, who may, if he shall think fit, thereupon order a Rule to issue for the Allowance of such Bail* and -may further order such Defendant to be discharged out of Custody by Writ of

43 Geo. III. 5 A Superjedcas

7a9

Pei {"oni arrested on Mefuo Pru-cess, inlk-ad of giving Bail, m.ty depcjfit with the Sheriff, &c. the Sum indorsec on the Wrn, with 10I to answer Costs, See.

Such Deposit dull be paid ini* Court, and on the DiPendant's perfecting Bail be repaid him; or on Bail not being put in, b« paid over to the Plaintiff, Sec. by Order of Court,

Wherever Plaintiff shaft not recover the Amount of the Sum for which Defendant was bold to Bail (without proba* Me Cause), Defendant Dull be entitled to Costs under a Rule of Court.

In Actions on Judgements, Plaintiffs not entitled to Cut! % unless by Rule of Court.

Plaintiffs may* levy Poundage, and Expence of Execution, beyond the Judgement.

On Mesne Process, after Return thereof. Defendants in Custody may, in Vacation, justify Bail before oue Just ice.

730

C. 46, 47* 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Supersedeas, or otherwise, according to the Practice of such Court, in like Manner as the same is and may be done by an Order of Court in Term Time.

c. 142. for Ire-

33 G. 3.C.S.

34 G- 3- c. 4'-

35 G. 3. c. 81. and

36 G. 3.C. 114. repealed, except as to Reimburse-rnents and Accounts.

The Families of Militia Men in England, called out into actual Service, shall receive a weekly Allowance out of the Poor Rates;

*r under a new Rate.

The Justices at any Michaelmas Quarter Scf-lions, may regulate the Rate of Allowance.

No Allowance shall be made, till the Man has jomed his Corps, nor longer than he shall remain in actual Scr-

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for consolidating and amending the several Laws for providing Relief for the Families of Militia Men of England, when called out into actual Service.

[27th May 1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that many of the Provisions contained in several Acts relating to the Relief directed to be given to the Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, and Privates, serving in the Militia for England, should be repealed, and others of them continued and amended, and that new Provisions should be made; and it would greatly tend to the better Execution thereof, if the whole of the said Pro- vilions were comprized in one Act of Parliament: And whereas it is necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, 4 that certain Acts and Parts of Acts now in force should be repealed; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, an Act to provide for the Families of Persons chcfn ly Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving therein; and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty sixth Year of his present Majesty, intituled4 An ylft for amending and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England); and also an Act, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to provide for the Families of Persons chosen ly Lot to ftrve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving therein; and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty sixth 7-ear of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England; " and also an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Militia'); and also an Act, passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to apportion the Relief by the several Statutes now in force directed to be given to the Families of Non-commifioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, and Privates, serving in the Militia, between the County at large and the peculiar Dislrifts therein, not contributing to the County Rate, according to the Number of Men serving for each in such Militia; and to remove certain Difficulties in ref pc ft to the RAicf of Families of Substitutes, hired Men, or Volunteers serving in the Militia); and also an Act, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to provide for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving therein; and0 explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the twentyfxih Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England"); shall be and the same are hereby repealed; save and except as to all Cases relating to the Repayment or Reimbursement of any Sum or Sums of Money heretofore advanced or paid under any or either of the said Acts; and to the allowing, accounting for* or recovering of any such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Arrears thereof, which may remain not repaid, reimbursed, allowed, accounted for, or recovered; or to any Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person serving or enrolled in the Militia of England, as a Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer, or as a ballotted Man or Substitute, hired Man or Volunteer respectively, shall, when embodied and called out into actual Service, leave a Family unable to support themselves, the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Tything, or Township where the Family of such Person shall dwell, shall, by Order of some one Justice of the Peace, pay to the Family of every such Non-commis* fioned Officer, Drummer, ballotted Man, Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer respectively, out of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish, Tything, or Township, a weekly Allowance, according to the usual and ordinary Price of Labour in Husbandry within the said County, Riding, Division, Didrift, or Place where such Family shall dwell, by the following Rule; that is to say, any Sum not exceeding the Price of one Day's such Labour, nor less than one Shilling, for each and every Child born in Wedlock, and under the Age of ten Years; and for the Wife of such Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, ballotted Man, Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, whether he shall or shall not have any Child or Children, any Sum not exceeding the Price of one Day's such Labour, nor less than one Shilling; and in every Parish, Tything, or Township, where the Money arising by such Rates shall not be sufficient for the Purpose aforesaid, a new Rate or Rates shall be made for raising a Sum sufficient for that Purpose.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, assembled at any Michaelmas General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held for any County, Riding, Division, or Place in England, raising any Militia, to settle, ascertain, and regulate the Rate of Allowance to be paid under this Act to the Families of Militia Men resident within such County, Riding, Division, or Place; and every such Rate of Allowance so settled, ascertained, and regulated as aforesaid, shall be binding upon all Justices of the Peace making any Order for the Payment of Allowance under this Act in such County, Riding, Division, or Place, until any other or new Rate of Allowance shall be settled as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Allowance shall be ordered or paid under this Act, to the Wife or Family of any Person serving in the Militia, until such Person shall have joined the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which he belongs, or for any longer Period than such Person shall continue to serve, and remain embodied in actual Service, nor in any Cate in which the Wife, in respect of, or by whom any such Relief is demanded, shall follow the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps in which her Husband shall

7 ferye,

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 47.

731

vice; nor to any Wile who shall follow the Corps, or leave Home, unless under Certificate for obtaining Wo.k, &c.

No Allowance shall be made to the Family of any Subftttute, hired Man, or Volunteer 011

serve, or shall leave her Child or Children, if any, or depart from her Home, unless under Certificate of any neighbouring Justice of the Peace, or the Overseer or Overseers of the Parish in which such Relief shall be given, authorizing such Departure for a Time specified therein for the Purposes of Halved, or obtaining by Work a better Support for her Family, or unless for the Purpose of going to reside, and residing in the Parish,

Tything, or Place, for which her Husband shall serve, in case at the "Time of her Husband being called out into actual Service, (he shall be residing in any other Parish, Tything, or Place.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Allowance under this Act shall be ordered or paid to the Family of any Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, who shall at the Time of his Enrolment have fraudulently and falsely represented and declared, that he had no Wife or Family, or to any Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, having more than one Child at the Time of his Enrolment, who shall have fraudulently and falsely represented and declared at the Time of such Enrolment that he had only one Child: Provided always, that where the Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, to whom any such Family shall belong, shall undertake and make Provisioa for the Maintenance of his other Children, to the Satisfaction of any Justice of a'iy ^c" the Peace to whom any Application shall be made under this Act for the Relief of such Family, it shall be on cenai'^Con-lawful for such Justice to order the Allowance under this Act to be paid in respect of the Wife of such Sub- ditionsj Ritute, hired Man, or Volunteer, and of one Child of such Family under the Age often Years.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Allowance under this Act shall be paid to the Family of any Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer, reduced for Misconduct to the Condition of a Private Man, such Reduction being certified by the Commanding Officer or Adjutant to the Clerk of the General Meetings, and by him to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Place, in the Militia of which such Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer shall serve, and by such Treasurer to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Tything, or Township in which such Family shall dwell, and every such Allowance shall cease and determine from the Time of such Reduction being so certified to the Overseers as aforesaid, and be no longer payable, notwithstanding any Order of any Justice to the contrary; and every such Family requiring Relief, shall, from and after that Time, be relieved as casual Poor only.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Allowance under this Act shall be given, or ordered to be given, to the Family of any Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, who shall marry after and during the Time of his being called out into actual Service, unless such Marriage shall have taken place with the Consent of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment,

Battalion, or Corps, to which such Militia Man shall belong, and such Consent shall have been certified under the Hand of such Colonel or other Commanding Officer. Consent of Commanding Officer.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Families of Non-commissioned Officers, Drum- Families /hall

roers, or ballotted Men, or of Substitutes, hired Men, or Volunteers, shall not be removable, or sent to any Workhouse, or Poorhouse by reason of receiving any such Allowances; nor shall any Persons, to whose Families any such Allowances shall be paid, be thereby deprived of their legal Settlements elsewhere, or of their Right of voting for the Election of Members to serve iy Parliament. prived of their Settlements or Right of voting,

IX. And be it further enacted, That every such weekly Allowance to be paid under this Act, to the Fa- Allowances to mily of any Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer, shall be repaid to the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Tything, or Township, in which such Family was relieved, by the ^eafurer of the County,

Riding, or Place, in which such Parish, Tything, or Township'is situated, out of the public Stock thereof; and every weekly Allowance which shall be so paid to the Family of any Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer, in any other County, Riding, or Place, than that for which such Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer shall serve, or to the Family of any Private Man in any other Parish, Tything, or Township, than the one for which such Private Militia Man shall serve, shall respectively be reimbursed, in the Manner herein after mentioned.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where a certain Number of Private Militia Men are directed to be raised for any County, together with or including any City, Borough, Town, or Place in England, being a County or District of itself, not contributing to the General County Rate, the several Sums of Money raised for t he Relief of the Families of Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers respectively, shall be divided and apportioned between and borne by such County, and such City, Borough, Town, or Place, being a County or District of itself, or not contributing to the General County Rate, in such Proportions as the respective Numbers of Militia Men, apportioned to be raised in and by such County, and by such City, Borough,

Town, and Place respectively, bear to each other.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurers of any such County, City, Borough, Town, and Place respectively, are hereby authorized and required to demand, receive, and make Payment of such Proportions and Sums of Money, the one to the other of them, as the Case may require.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Disagreement shall arise as to the Proportion so to be paid as aforesaid, or any other Matter or Thing relating thereto, or to such Payments, the Lord Lieutenant of the said County at large, and in his Absence the Deputy Lieutenants or any three or more of them, at any Meeting called, or to be called, may and shall, and he and they is and are hereby empowered and required, to adjud and settle the fame, whose Decision therein shall be final; and the said Lord Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, is and are respectively hereby authorized and empowered to call for, require, and inspect, the Account and Accounts of every such Treasurer, for the Purpose of adj idling and settling their said Proportion.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cities, Towns, Liberties, Divisions, and Places, which do not contribute to the General County Rates, and where no Treasurer is yet appointed, the Justices of the Peace for every such City, Town, Liberty, Division, and Place, in case there are any, and if not, then

5 A 2 4 the

nor to the Ta milv of any Non-commissioned Olficei or Drummer reduced to a Pa-vale Man for Misconduct;

nor to the Family of any Suhfli. lute, Sec. marrying during admil Service, without the

not be removable or sent to Workhouse; -, nor Men rie-

Non-commissioned Officers* Sec. 01 to Families in certain Cases <h: dl be rcinibuifed.

How Relief to Families fli.di f>e apportioned between Counties and Places not Contributing to County Kale;

County Tiea-

furers, Sec. may demand an pny Proportions. I)il'put*s as to P.opinions to be letiled by the Loul Lieutenant or thiee Deputy Lieutenants.

In Places not contributing to County Rate, vvbcic no Trea*

732 C. 47» 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

surer is appointed, the Quailer Sessions shall appoint one, and make Afltff-menti,c.

Reimbursement el Allowance to a Family paid in any other Place than that far which the Man shall serve.

Such Reiai-bursement may In certain Cafea be demanded from the County Treasurer, &c.

The Treasurer paying shall transmit an Account to the Treasurer of the Place for which the Man shall serve, who dial I repay the same.

The last-men-fioned Treasurer shall transmit the Account to the next Quarter Sessions, who Atall order repayment out of Poor Rates.

Accounts of Allowances to be reimbursed under this Act, shall be made tip, signed Ly thej lift ice?, and demanded of the Overseer*, &c. within certain Periods.

Where more than a Wife and three Children

the Justices of the County' wherein such City, Town, Liberty, Division, and Place shall be, shall and may, and they are hereby required, at their General Quarter Sessions, to appoint a Treasurer, and from Time to Time to assess upon every Parish, Tything, Township, Hamlet, and v ill, within the Liberties of such Cities, Towns, Liberties, Divibons, and Places, in such Proportions as the Rates heretofore made for the Relief of the Poor have usually been alTelTed, and shall cause to be paid, out of the Money collected and levied for the Relief of the Poor of every such Panlb, Tything, Township, Hamlet, and Vill, into the Hands of such Treasurer, such Sum and Sums of Money as are, shall, and may be, in their Discretion, necessary for the Purposes of this Act; and such Treasurer shall pay and dispose of the same accordingly, and shall be and aft in all Respects, in respect to the Provisions of this Act, the tune as the Treasurer or Treasurers of peculiar Districts where a public* Stock is now raised.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which any Allowance under this Act shall be paid to the Family of any Private Militia Man in any other Parish, Tything, or Township, than that for which such Private Militia Man shall serve, it shall be lawful for the Justice of the Peace, who shall make any Order for the Relief of such Family, to certify the same under his Hand, and in such Certificate to direct the Overseers of the Parish, Tything, or Township for which such Private Militia Man shall serve, to reimburse the Money so paid to the Overseer or Overseers who shall have advanced the same in pursuance of the Order before mentioned.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of the Distance of any Parish, Tything, or Township, in which any Allowance under this Act shall be so paid to the Family of any Private Militia Man serving for any other Parish, Tything, or Township, from such other Parish, Tything, or Township, where the same shall be situate in any other County, Riding, Division, or Place, the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, entitled to the Repayment of such Allowances, under any such Order and Certificate as aforesaid, cannot conveniently procure the Repayment thereof from the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Tything, or Township for which such Private Militia Man shall have served or be serving, it shall be lawful for such Overseer or Overseers to demand Repayment of such Allowances from the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Division in which the Parish, Tything, or Township, where such Allowances shall have been paid, shall be situate; and every such Treasurer shall, upon Production of such Order and Certificate as aforesaid, forthwith reimburse such Allowances to the Overseer or Overseers demanding the same.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every such Treasurer as aforesaid, who shall reimburse to any such Overseer or Overseers as aforesaid, any Sum or Sums of Money in pursuance of this Act, oa account of any such weekly Allowance paid to the Family of any Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer, or any Private Militia Man serving in the Militia of any other County, Riding, or Division, ' shall deliver or transmit an Account of such Money as he shall have so reimbursed as aforesaid, signed by one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, City, Town, Liberty, Division, or Place where such Family shall dwell, to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, City, Town, Liberty, Division, or Place in the Militia whereof such Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or Private Militia Man shall serve, and thereupon the Treasurer to whom such Account shall have been delivered or transmitted as aforesaid, shall and he is hereby required forthwith to pay to the Treasurer, who shall have so delivered or transmitted such Account, the Sum or Sums so by him reimbursed to such Overseer or Overseers, and shall be allowed the same in hi* Accounts.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every Treasurer who shall repay to any Treasurer of any other County, Riding, or Division, any such Allowances as aforesaid, on any such signed Account as aforesaid, (hair transmit such signed Account, and also an Account of all Monies so repaid by him in pursuance thereof, to the Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Division, at the next or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or any subsequent Sessions; which Accounts so received shall be allowed by the Justices at such Sessions, who shall forthwith, as to all Allowances so repaid in respect of the Families of any Private Militia Men, make Orders for the Overseers of the Poor of the respective Parishes, Tythings, or Townships for which such Private Militia Man shall respectively serve or have fervtd, to pay the same to the Treasurer of such County, Riding, or Place, out of the Poor Rates of such respective Parishes, Tythings, or Township, within fourteen Days next after the Receipt of such Orders respectively.

4< In Exeter, the Allowances shall be paid by the Treasurer of the Corporation of the Poor, and shall be levied* as the Poor Rates, &c. $ 18. In Briflo), Monies to be raised by Parish Rates in relation to this Act shall " be raised as the Poor Rates, Iftc. {19. In Plymouth, Allowances shall be paid by the Treasurer of the Cdr- poration of the Poor, and shall be there raised as the Poor Rates, } 20."

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Accounts of all Allowances paid under this Act, in respect whereof any Reimbursement shall be directed by this Act, shall be made up at the End of every fuc-ceflive six Months', or shorter Period, from the Time of the first commencing the Payment thereof, and shall be signed by the Justices granting Certificates for the Reimbursement thereof, or by Some other Justices of the same County, Riding, Division, or Place, within one Month after the respective Periods up to which such Accounts shall be made up, and the Money due on such Account shall, as soon as the same can be done, be demanded of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place, or Treasurers, required to make such Reimbursement as aforesaid; and no such Sum of Money shall be demanded or demandable, unless the same shall have been so first certified within one Month as aforesaid, and delivered to the Overseer of the Parish, Township, or Place, or TY^afurer, by whom such Reimbursement is to be paid, within three Months after such certifying thereof as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which the Family of any Private Man serving in the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place in England, when called out and embodied for actual Service, shall become

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 47.

become chargeable in respect of any greater Number than the Wife and three Children respectively under the Ages of ten Years, it shall be lawful for the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Tything, Township, or Place for which such Man shall serve, or in which the Family of such Man shall reside, to provide another fit and able Man between the Ages of eighteen Years and thirty-five Years, and having no Wife, or any Child under the Age of ten Years, to serve in the Stead of the Man having such Family as aforesaid; and the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which such Men shall belong, upon such other Man being duly examined, approved of, and enrolled as a fit and able Man, and joining at the Head Quarters of the said Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, may and shall discharge or cause to be discharged the Man in whose Stead such other Person shall be so produced, approved, and enrolled as aforesaid: Provided always, that the Pay of every such Person so provided as aforesaid, shall commence and be drawn only from the Day of the Discharge of the Man in whose Stead he shall have been provided, and not before; any Thing in any Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that no such Private Militia Man shall be discharged at any other Period of the Year, than between the first Day of November and the twenty-fifth Day of March.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Payments made by any Overseer or Overseers in pursuance of any Order or Certificate of any Justice or Justices of the Peace under this Act, shall be allowed and passed in their respective Accounts, in like Manner as other Expences incurred on account of the Militia, are now by Law paded and allowed; and if any Overseer of the Poor shall, on Demand made in pursuance of any Order or Certificate of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Payment of any Sum of Money by virtue of this Act, and Production of such Order or Certificate to him, refuse or neglect to pay and satisfy the Sum or Sums of Money directed to be paid in or by such Order or Certificate, every such Overseer of the Poor so refilling or neglecting to make such Payment, shall, for every such Neglect, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Confic/fion of the Party accused, before the Justice making such Order, or any other Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed; which said Justice is hereby authorized and required, upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made in that Behalf, to summon the Party accused, and to examine into the Matter of Fast, and upon due Proof thereof as aforesaid to give Judgement for such Penalty, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, in case the same shall not be* forthwith paid, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, causing the Overplus (if any), after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to be rendered to the Party; and the Penalty so adjudged shall be paid, one Moiety thereof to the Party who shall inform for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish, to the Overseers of which any such Sum of Money ought to have been paid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the rrovisions in this Act contained, relating to the Allowances to the Families of any Persons serving in the Militia for any Parish, Tything, or Tawnship, or any united Parishes, Tythings, or Townships, and for the Reimbursement of all Sums of Money which shall be advanced under any of the rrovisions of this Act, shall extend to all Hamlets, Vills, and Places having separate Overseers of the Poor, and maintaining the Poor thereof separately and distinctly, and also to all Parishes, Tythings, Townships, and Places united for the Purposes of balloting for Militia Men, as well as to all other Parishes, Tythings, and Places; and the Justices of the Peace, who shall make Orders for the Relief of any such Families, or any other Justice of the same County, Riding, Division, or Place, shall give Directions for the Reimbursement of the Money to be advanced for such Purpose by the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Tything, Township, or Place, or united Parishes, Tythings, Townships, or Places respectively, which ought to reimburse the lame, or to contribute to the Reimbursement thereof; and the Treasurers of the several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, and Places, and the Justices of the Peace of the several Counties, Ridings, Divi-fkms, and Places within which all and every such Parishes, Tythings, Townships, and Places respectively shall be, shall make Reimbursement, and direct Reimbursement to be made by such several Parishes, Tythings, Townships, and Places respectively, in the same Manner as by this Act is provided with respect to Parishes, Tythings, and Townships therein describedj so that in all Cases whatsoever such Reimbursement may be fully made according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and where any Man shall serve for any united Parishes or Places, or for any Parish or Place comprizing more than one Township or Place, which shall have separate and distinct Overseers of the Poor, all and every such Justices as aforesaid, shall ascertain in what Proportions such united Parishes or Places, or such several Townships or Places comprized within the same Parish or Place for which any such Man, whose Family shall be so relieved shall serve, ought to contribute to such Relief, such Proportions to be ascertained according to the Numbers of Men liable to be ballotted for the Militia, which each of such united Parishes or Places, or each of such Townships or Places, as the Case may be, shall appear to have had by the last Returns made For that Purpose, and such Justices shall make Orders for the Reimbursement of such Advances as aforesaid, in such Several Proportions so to be ascertained, and from Time to Time as Occasion shall require; and in order to enable such Justices to ascertain such Proportions, the Clerks of the Several Subdivision Meetings shall, when thereunto required, certify, by Writing under their Hands, the Number of Men so liable to be ballotted for, according to the Returns made for each of such Parishes, Townships, or Places, for which Certificate there shall be paid a^Fec of one Shilling and no more.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Adjutant of every Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, or where there shall be no Adjutant, the Serjeant Major thereof, shall, within Seven Days after the twenty-fourth Day of every Month, during the Time of the Militia to which he shall belong remaining embodied or in actual Service, return to the respective Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings of the County, Riding, or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps shall belong, a particular Lift of all Promotions and Vacancies and all Deaths Delations, and other Casualties that shall have occurred among the Private Militia.

Men

733

fiull become chargeable. Overseers may provide another Man.

Periods of Discharge of Men.

Payments by Overseers under this Act shall be allowed as other Militia Expences; Penalty on Overseer not paying. Money, 51.

Application of Penalty.

Act shall extend to all Places having separat* Overseers, and to Plaecs united for the Purpose of balloting for Menifee*

Justice^ fTaaVt^ ascertain Proportions of Relief between such united Places, ice. oa Certificate of Numbers by Subdivision. CletlLK

The Adjutanty. Ac shall make monthly Returns of Promotions, Deaths, he. to Sub-divisiua Clerks*

734

who shall transmit Exinlts to the Overseet*.

Appeal may he n» «dc V) the Quarter Sessions.

Quarter Sessioni

may older Recommence to the Tit-alums out ol*the County Slock.

C. 47, 48. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Men serving for the Several and respective Subdivisions of the County, Riding, or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps shall belong, in the Calendar Month preceding each fitch twenty-fourth Day as aforesaid; and shall specify the Christian and Surname of each Man so returned, and whether ballotted Man, Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, and the Parish, Tything, or Place for which he was serving; and such respective Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings shall, within fourteen Days after the Receipt of such Return, transmit proper Extracts thereof to the respective Overseers of the Poor of the respective Parishes, Tythings, or Places for which any such Man shall have been serving.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall find himself aggrieved by any Order of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Payment of any such Sum of Money as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such Person to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the same County, Riding, Division, City, or Place, when any Demand in pursuance of such Order shall be made as aforesaid, who are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the fame; and it shall be lawful for the said Justices, at such Sessions, to award and order, where they shall see Occasion, the Payment of such Sum and Sums of Money which such Appellant, as Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor, ought to have paid in pursuance of such Order made by virtue of this Act, and hath neglected to pay in Manner aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to he held for each respective County, Riding, City, Town, Division, and Place in England, to order and direct such Recompence and Satisfaction, as they shall think just and reasonable, to be made and given to the respective Treasurers for their extraordinary Trouble, Labour, and Expences in the Execution of their respective Offices, while the Militia is embodied and in actual Service, for such Time and in such Manner as they shall think proper, to he paid or allowed out of the publick Stock or Treasure of every such County, Riding, Town, Division, and Place respectively.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §28."

3 3 Geo. 3. c. 52.

lh »*]

41 Geo. 3. c.C6,

East India Company may charge the Expences and Pay of Volunteer Corps raised by them, in the ordinary Expences of the Company, under 33 G. 3. c. 52.

Such Corps shall be employed in Defence of the East India House and Ware-houses, and on such publick. Services at other Volunteer

CAP. XL VIII.

An Act to enable the East India Company to defray the Expences of certain Volunteer Corps raised by the said Company.

[27th May 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for continuing in the East India Company, for a further Term, the Possession of the British Territories in India, together with their exclusive Trade, under certain Limitations; for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the letter Administration of Justice within the same; for appropriating to certain Uses the Revenues and Profits of the said Company; and for making Provision for the good Order and Government of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay; it was amongst other Things enacted, that during the Continuance of the exclusive Trade to the said Company, the Net Proceeds of the Sales of Goods at Home, with the Duties and Allowances arising by private Trade, and all other Profits of the said Company in Great Britain, after providing for the Payment of Bills of Exchange already accepted by the said Company, as the same should become due, and for the current Payment of other Debts, Interest, and other Outgoings, Charges, and Expences of the said Company, (their Bond Debt always excepted, ) should be applied

and disposed of in the Manner in the said Act particularly mentioned: And whereas, during the late War,

by virtue of Acts of Parliament then in Force, and which have since expired, and with the Approbation of his Majesty, and under the Authority of Commission for that Purpose granted by his Majesty, the said United Company, at their own Expence, raised, formed, and maintained, a Brigade of Infantry Volunteers for the Defence and Protection of their House and Warehouses, and, subject thereto, for such publick Services as in the Acts by virtue of which they were raised is mentioned: And whereas under and by virtue of an Act made and passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to avail himself of the Offers of certain Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps to continue their Services, his Majesty has been pleased to accept the Oner of the Volunteers so raised and maintained by the said United Company, to continue their Services:

And whereas it is expedient that the said United Company should be enabled to pay the Expences of such Volunteers be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said United Company, from Time to Time, to pay and defray all and every the Charges and Expences whatsoever, of such Corps of Volunteers as the said United Company may now, or at any Time hereafter, lawfully raise, train, and maintain, and also their Pay and Allowances when on Duty or Service, and to charge the same amongst the ordinary Outgoings, Charges, and Expences of the said United Company, previous to the Application of the Net Proceeds of their Sales of Goods at Home, and other Profits mentioned in the said Act passed in the thirty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign, to, for, and upon the Purposes, in and by the same Act directed; any Thing in the same Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Corps of Volunteers so raised and maintained, or to be raised and maintained by the said United Company, shall be employed in the first Place, in such Manner as by the Court of Directors of the said United Company shall be deemed necessary for the Protection and Defence of the House of the said United Company, commonly called The Ecjl India Ilpufe, and of the Warehouses of the same Company, and, subject thereto, shall be employed upon such publick Services, and for such other Purposes upon and for which other Volunteer Corps, lawfully embodied, may be lawfully called out and employed; and during the Time the said Corps of Volunteers so raised and maintained by the said United Company shall be employed in the Defence and Protection of the said United Company's said House and

Warehouses,

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 48 — $d. 735

Warehouses, they shall be subject to Military Discipline, in like Manner as they would be if they were Corps, and he employed in any publick Service whatsoever by virtue of and under the Authority of any Acts of Parliament fuble<a: . to Mffi-in three at the Time they may be so employed. Uiy

Publick Act, §3 "

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to amend so much of several Acts passed in the sixth and seventh Year, and in the fe- [SeeC^ytK3. venth and eighth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, as relates to the Exportation 7 x ' % \v. of Silver Bullion.

[27th May 1803.] c. 19. §6.J

WHEREAS the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, and others may be possessed of large Quantities of Foreign Molten Silver and Bullion, brought from Parts beyond the Seas, but may not be able to make Proof, according to Law, that no Part of the same was (before the same was mol-

ten) the Coin of this Realm, or Chippings thereof, nor Plate wrought within Great Britain, for the obtaining

Certificates for the Exportation thereof: And whereas it is expedient that Permission should be given to

export such Molten Silver and Bullion, under certain Restrictions be it therefore enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Treasury may passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, or the Lords Com- persons for* missioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, to authorize any Person ^e Exportation or Persons, or any Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, to ship or export, or cause to be shipped or ex- of Bullion, ported, from Great Britain, on board any Vessel or Ship whatsoever, any Molten Silver or Bullion, by any

Licence or Licences given from Time to Time for that Purpose, under their respective Hands, (such Licences speeifying the Nature and Quantities of such Molten Silver or Bullion, and being entered in the Books of the Custom House of the Port from whence such Exportation shall be made before the Shipping and Exportation thereof, ) without any Oath, Certificate, or other Document whatsoever, now requisite for the lawful Shipping or Exportation of any such Molten Silver or Bullion; and it shall be lawful for any such Person or Persons, Persons so li-or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, to whom any such Licence or Licences shall be granted as aforesaid, to ship or export any such Molten Silver or Bullion specified in any such Licence or Licences, without the Certificate or Certificates now required by Law; and no such Molten Silver or Bullion, so shipped or cx- Certificate. ported under any such Licence or Licences as aforesaid, shall be seizable, or seized or forfeited for the want of any Certificate or Certificates: And the Owners and Proprietors thereof, and all Commissioners and Officers of his Majesty's Customs, and all other Persons whomsoever, having any Concern whatsoever in the Shipping or Exportation thereof, or in the permitting the same to be shipped or exported under any such Licence or Licences as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby freed, discharged, and indemnified, from and against all Forfeitures and Penalties whatsoever in respect thereof; any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law or Statute, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP. L.

An Act for more speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, raised under Two Acts, passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and for amending the said Acts.

[1 ith June 1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that effectual Provision should be made for completing the Militia Forces?

and punishing all Persons deferring from or making Default by not appearing, or absenting themselves

from Duty in the Militia; and also to amend an Act, passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting 42 G. 3. c. 9a*

the Militia; and another Act, passed in the forty-second Year aforesaid, .intituled, An Act to raise and ejlallish 42 G. 3. c. 9r.

a Militia Force in Scotland; ' may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted, ccued*

by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within ten deputy Days after the passing of this Act, in every County, Riding, and Place in England and Wales, and within ^c^d^iu three Weeks in every County, Stewartry, City, and Place in Scotland, the Deputy Lieutenants shall assemble {^Vacuncitj* and hold Meetings, within their respective Subdivisions, for the Purpose of immediately supplying all De- in the Militia ficiencies in, and filling up all Vacancies that may respectively remain, or have arisen in the Militia of their without regard respective Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, without regard to the Cause of any of the De- or

ficiencies or the Manner in which any such Vacancies may have arisen, or whether any Men, in respect of whom |j^u, ince any Militia shall be deficient, may hare been absent for the Space of three Months.

II. And be it further enadLd, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Deficiencies or Vacancies V. c..rn«s stall that shall remain or have arisen in the Militia of any County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place in Great foTime

Britain, shall be certified from Time to Time, by the respective Colonel or other Commandant of such Militia, by Comrn.rnd-to the Clerk to the General Meetings; and the Clerk of the General Meetings shall forthwith give Notice am$ to the Ge. thereof to the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings within which any such Vacancies shall have anfen, and the rer i1 Meeting?, Deputy Lieutenants shall thereupon, within seven Days after such Notices, assemble in their respective Sub- no-

divdions, and immediately proceed to the filling up such Deficiencies or Vacancies by Ballot, or otherwise, mVci-

accordiDg to the Provisions of the said recited Acts. and there filled up in ieven Day

73«

If Person draws does not appear within a Month, Vacancy Dull be filled up.

Commandants shall transmit to evc.y Quirtcr 5efl»on* Certificates of Vacancies (f.tS(hc-duie A). The Sessions shall afTcis rol. for each Man certified to be deficient, and at every succeeding Sessions a further Penalty sfol. till such Vacancies are Mil supplied.

If his Majesty shall, by Proclamation, pardon Defeilers, &c. surrendering by a Certain Day, the Commandants shall, after that Day, make Lists of such as have not furren-dered, and certify the same to Clerk of General Meetings, who shall publifti the same in the Newspapers, and transmit Copies to the War Office.

Expence of Publication shall be paid by Re ceivors-Gencial.

All Persons shall apprehend such Deserters, See. and such as are Substitutes or Volunteers, on being identified before a Court Martial, and found able, shall be sent to lerve abroad.

Reward for apprehending them, 201.

Men returning in Obedience to such Proclamation, shall remain with their Corps though it be complete.

C. 50.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

ttL And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, k shall he lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants, in their respective Subdivisions, and they are hereby required, ia case any Person ordered to be drawn out and embodied shall have made or shall make Default by not appearing, or by Desertion, or Absence from Duty, and shall not be taken within one Month from the Time of such Default, Desertion, or Absence, to declare a Vacancy, and forthwith to fill up the same according to the Provisions of the said Acts and this Act; any Thing in the said recited Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Colonels or other Commandants of the Regiments, Battalions, Corps, and Independent Companies of Militia in Great Britain* shall, during the Period of the Militia being embodied and called out into actual Service, transmit to the Justices of the Peace, or Magistrates, assembled at the several General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held for the respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Stewartries, Cities, or Places in Great Britain, to the Militia of which they belong, at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions of the Peace next after the passing of this Act, and also to the Justices and Magistrates assembled at every succeeding Quarter Sessions of the Peace, Certificates in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A), of the Deficiencies and Vacancies that remain to be filled up in their respective Regiments, Battalions, Corps, or Independent Companies; and the Justices of the Peace, or the Magistrates assembled at such Sessions, shall, at such Sessions, assess the Penalty of ten Pounds for each private Man so certified to be deficient as aforesaid, in Manner directed by the said recited Acts; and if, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace immediately succeeding the Quarter Sessions of the Peace at which any such Assessment shall have been made, any Deficiency or Deficiencies, in respect whereof any such Assessment shall have been made, shall not have been made good, and filled up according to the Provisions of the said Acts and of this Act, the Justices or Magistrates assembled at such succeeding General Quarter Sessions, shall forthwith assess and levy, in like Manner as aforesaid, a further and additional Penalty of ten Pounds for every Private Man so deficient; and shall from Time to Time, at every succeeding General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, proceed to assess and levy further and additional Penalties, as aforesaid, of ten Pounds for each Private Man deficient, until such Deficiency or Deficiencies shall have been filled up; and such several Penalties may and shall be assessed, levied, recovered, and applied, according to the Provisions of the said recited Ada.

V. And whereas the Deficiencies in the Militia, occasioned by Men sworn or inrolled in the Militia making

Default by not appearing orjoining their respective Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, when ordered to be

embodied, or deferring therefrom, or absenting themselves, are productive of great Expence and Inconvc- nience to the Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, to which such Men belong, and are very

detrimental to the publick Service p be it therefore enacted, That in case his Majesty shall by any Proclamation think (it graciously to extend his Pardon to all such Militia Men who shall have so made Default, by not appearing, or by Desertion, or Absence from Duty, and who shall return to and join their respective Regiments, Battalions, Corps, or Independent Companies of Militia, or deliver themselves up at the Head Quarters of any other Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company of Militia, or to any Detachment of his Majesty's other Forces, or to any Military Pod, on or before any Day named in such Proclamation, the several Colonels of other Commandants of the Militia, of the respective Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, and Places in Great Britain, shall, as soon as the same can be done after such Day as aforesaid, cause Lifts to be made out of all such Defaulters, Deserters, and Absentees as aforesaid, from the Militia of their respective Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, who shall not appear and return to and join, or deliver themselves up as aforesaid, together with the lad Residencea, and the Descriptions of such Men, when the same can be procured, and shall certify the same to the Clerks of the respective General Meetings, who shall immediately publish the same in one or more of the publick Newspapers usually circulating in tnc Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, or Places, to the Militia of which such Men shall respectively belong; the Expence of such Publication as aforesaid to be paid by the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or Place in England, or by the Receiver General in Scotland, m relation to the Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places in Scotland* upon the Certificate of any two Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, in which such Publication shall be so made as aforesaid; and shall also forthwith transmit to the Secretary at War, or his Deputy, true Copies of such Lifts and Descriptions, in order to the Publication thereof in every Part of Great Britain* in case it shall appear expedient so to do; and it shall be lawful for all Justices of the Peace or Magistrates, and all Constables and Peace Officers, and all other Persons whatever, and they are hereby enjoined and required, to apprehend, seize, take, and detain such Defaulters, Deserters, or Absentees, for the Purpose of delivering them into safe Custody, at any Military Head-Quarters, or into Gaol, near to the Place where they shall be apprehended as aforesaid; and all such Defaulters, Deserters, or Absentees as aforesaid, being Substitutes or Volunteers in the Militia, upon being identified before any General or Regimental or Detachment Court-Martial, may and shall, if found on Examination to be (it for Service, be sent in Manner directed by the said recited Acts, to serve in his Majesty's Regular Forces (lationed abroad, unt3 duly discharged therefrom; and the Person or Persons who shall apprehend, seize, take, and detain any such Defaulter, or Deserter, or Absentee as aforesaid, and deliver him into safe Custody as aforesaid, shall be entitled to receive the Sum of twenty Shillings over and above any Reward to which such Person or Persons may be entitled under any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, to be paid in like Manner as any such Reward may be payable under any such Ad.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Private Militia Men who filall have so made Default, or deserted, or absented themselves from Duty as aforesaid, and who shall return in Obedience to any such Proclamation of his Majesty as aforesaid, shall remain with the Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company to which they shall belong, notwithstanding the same shall have been completed to its full Number, and shall be confi* dered as Supernumeraries, and shall be carried to the Account of the Parish, Tything, or Place, for which

they

A.D. 1SoJ.

*3" GEORGII III,

they shall have been enrolled to serve, either for the Purpose of rriaking Part of the Quota of the Supplementary Militia to be raised by any such Parish, Tything, or Place, under the said recited Acts, and in pursuance of any Proclamation of his Majesty for that Purpose* or toe ftipjMJ Ritilrt^icancies that may arise among the Men to be provided by such Parish, Ty thing, or Place.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Seapum or 8eafernag Man shall hereafter be enrolled in the Militia of Great Britain, either as a Substitute or Volunteer.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the .Deputy Lieutenants shall ballot for all Men to be enrolled

for the Supplementary Militia, out of the Lifts already returned for the ballotting of the Militia under the said recited Acts, without making any new Lifts, unless it shall appear to them hr particular Qafes to be absolutely necessary for the levying such Supplementary Militia, and without making any other Alterations in the before-mentioned Lifts than the necessary andtproper Amendments of such Lifts according ttrthrProvisions of the said recited Acts. r^. j

IX. Apd be.it further enabled, That eve y baflotte<J Man, j Subfthfutd; and ^olftnfeer, - 4>e Enrolled to serve in ttye Militia of Great Britain, shall, be fore such Enrolmdpt, be examined lipon Oath before the Deputy Lieutenarfts, as to his Residence, Age, and F irnily i and the PH^fasdffihdftQeajQjjiDlihallbfcin the Words and according to the Form and Effect in the S : hedule to this A<Jt annexed, marked (B).

X. And be it further enacted, That every Person chosen byj Ballot to serve in the Militia, subjsequent to the Date of his Majesty's Proclamation for levying and enrolling the Supplemeritary Militia (notjbeing one of the People called Qualm), who shall refus or neglect to appfcar and take the Oath, and serve in the Militia, or to provide a Substitute in Manner directed by the said recite^ Acts, shall forfeit and pay the Sum! of fifteen Pounds inf lieu and in Head of the Sum of ter Pounds in the said recited Acts mentioned, to be levidd and recovered in Manner in the said Acts mentioned; any Thing therein contained to thi contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all VacancieJ that shall have been or shall hereafter be occasioned in uhe Militia by the Appointment of iny Private Militii Men to be Serjeants, Corporals, or Driimmers, in conference of any Augmentation, shall be certified, and bther Men found and provided to supply such Vacancies, in like Manner in .every Respect as |s directed in the said recited Acts in relation to any Vacaricies arising by the Appointment of any Private Militia Man to be a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, upon the Death or Difcfcarge of any Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer.

XII. And be it further dnadled, That, fr<>m and after the Rafting of this Act, w here any Deputy Lieutenant shall provide any Substitute for any Quaker, under the1 Provisions of the said recited Acts, the Sum of Money which ftiek Deputy Lieutenants ffiaB have agreed to give ter ftrcfr Substitute, shall be paid to such Substitute upon the Certificate of such Deputy Lieutenant, by the Overseer of the Poor of the Parish, Tything, or Place, for which such Substitute shaft be pFdvided, out of the "Poor Rates of such Parish, Tything, or Place; and such Sum of Money shall be leyied in Manner directed by the said Act, and repaid to the Overseers who shall have advanced the same.

XIII. , And be it further enacted, That on the making out or amending of ariy Lifts* after the jJaffing if

this Act, bt Persons fit to serve in the Militia, ' every Person who shall Wilfully neglect to appeal within thfe Time appointed for that Purpose* shall forfeit for every such Offence any Stmt net exceeding twenty Shillings nor less than five Shillings* at the Difaction of any two or more Deputy Lieutenant^, or Justices of the Peace, or Magistrates; and, on Non-payment thereof, be* imprisohod at? the Discretion of any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or Justices of the Peace, or Magistrates as aforesaid* for any Time not exceeding one Week.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whose Name shall be inserted in any List made and amended after the pa fling of this Act, and whose Name shall be drawn upon the Ballot, shall refuse, when required by any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, or Magistrates, to be examined as to his Fitness to serve in the Militia, according to the Provisions of the said recited Acts and this Act, such Person may, at the Discretion of any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or Justices of the Peace* or Magistrates, be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding one Week.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any High Constable, or Chief or other Constable, or any Adjutant, Quarter-Mailer, or Serjeant in the Militia, shall insure or take any Money for the Insurance of, or be in any Way concerned in any Company, Society, Partnership, or Office, for the Insurance of any Person or Persons, for the providing any Substitute or Volunteer, or Substitutes or Volunteers, or for the paying or returning any Money for the providing any Substitute or Volunteer, or Substitutes or Volunteers in the Militia, for any Person or Persons who may be ballotted to serve in the Militia, every such High Constable, or Chief or other Constable, or Adjutant, Quarter-Master, or Serjeant as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence fifty Pounds* to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered under the said recited Act.

No Seafaring Man shall be a Militia'Man.

Supplementary Militia shall be ballotted out of the Lilts already returned.

Examination of Men before Enrolment, upon Oath. [SreScAtWu/eB.]

Penalty on Persons balloted (after Proclamation for enrolling the Supplementary Militia, ) not serving. See. 15K

Vacancies by Promotion on Augmentation shall he supplied as in case of Death under recited Acts.

Bounty to Sub-flitutes for Quakers shall be paid out of the Poor Rates, Sec.

Penalty on Persons neglecting to appeal within due Time, 20 to 5 s.

Penalty of Im-piiiunmeiU on Pe» ions refuting to Lc examined as to Fitness to serve.

Penalty on High Constable*, Adjutants of Mi-Jitfa, Sec. infu-ring for providing Substituiea or Volunteer#, 50l.

43 Geo. III.

SCHEDULES

73# C. 50.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

County of

SCHEDULE (A).

r. Riding of or, Stewaftry of

Place [aj the Case may be.]

#r, City or

CERTIFICATE of Number of Vacancies 5 dated the

Day of

Subdivisions.

Parishes.

Total Number of Quota.

Numbers of Men actually serving.

Vacancies to be filled up.

SCHEDULE (B).

FORM of OATH.

Ido make Oath, That I am by my Trade a and have been usually resident in the Parish of in the County of that

I am unmarried {V, have a Wife living, as the Case may be']; and that I have no Children' Qer, only one Child, born in Wedlock]; and that I have no Rupture, nor ever was troubled with Fits, and am no Ways disabled by Lamenefe or otherwise, but have the perfect Use of my Limbs; that I am not a Seaman or Seafaring Man, or an Apprentice; and that I do not belong to his Majesty's Navy, Army, or Marines, nor to any other Corps of Militia. As witness my Hand, at the Day of

One thousand eight hundred and

Sworn before me at this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Witness present.

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

739

CAP. LI.

An Act to render more eflfeftvml an Act passed in the forty-second Year of his present Majest/s Reign, for consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax. [nxhjune 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the forty-second Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for

consolidating the Provisons of the feverat Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax into 4* c* V*: 4 eno AS / and for makingfurthre Provison for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for removing Doubts respect- rccu

ing the Right of Persons claiming to vote at Elections for Knights of the Shire, and other Members to serve in Parliament, in respect of Meffitages, Lands, or Tenements, the Land Tax upon which flail have been redeemed or purchasedy it is enacted, that the Amount of the Money to be paid as the Consideration for the Redemption f or Purchase of Land Tax, in the Cases therein specified. shall jbe calculated, settled, and ascertained according to the Price of Stock, to be from Time to Time transmitted to the Receivers-General, or their Deputies in England, or to the Collectors in Scotland\ in the Manner therein directed, and according to the Table in the Schedule to the said Act annexed, marked (L), and the Rules and Directions therein contained: And whereas the said Table contains only the Anjount of the feveraS Sums of Money to be paid for the Redemption or Purchase of Land Tax, when the thpee Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities are at any Prices between sixty and Par be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever tht Price of the three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, to be wiien the Price transmitted pursuant to the Directions of the : said Act, shall be at any Price between fifty and sixty, the of 3 per C£mt. Amount of the Money to be paid as the Whole, or as any Infhdment or Instalments, of the Consideration for* ^wcf* the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax, ' shall be settled and adjusted, and the Payments made, accord- c^nfideitdon* ing to the Table contained in the Schedule to ttyis Act annexed; and all and every ithe Rules and Directions in the Redemp-the said Act, or in the said Schedule thereto, contained, in relation to the calculating, ascertaining, settling, and tion of Land adjusting the Amount of the Money to be paid as the Whole, or as any Instalment or Instaunents, of the Tax shall be set-Consideration for such Redemption or Purchase of Land Tax as aforesaid, in Cases where the Price of three ^/^I*?* Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities shall be above sixty, shall, in so far as the lame are applicable, be used, observea, and practised in relation to the calculating, settling, ascertaining, and adjusting the Amount of the Act, fobjoa to Money to be paid as the Whole, or as any Instalment or Instalments, of the Consideration for such Redemp- the Rules in tion or Purchase, in Cases where the Price of the said Annuities shall be between fifty and sixty, in the reciied Act. same Manner as if such Rules and Dictations had been repeated in the Body of this Act, or in the Schedule hereto.

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever, by reason of any Variations in the Prices of the three whennecef-Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, which are not specified in and provided for by the Tables contained in fcry, the Trea-the said respective Schedules to the said recited Act and this Act annexed, it mail become necessary that faiy may dweft other Tables should be transmitted to the respective Receivers or their Deputies in England, or to the Col- to^V

leftors in Scotland, in order to enable them to calculate, settle, and afeertatn the Amount of the Money to Vat^StT be paid as the Consideration for the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax, it shall be lawful for the in the Prices of Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to order and direct die 3 per Cents, that proper Tables, adapted to meet such Variations in the Prices of the said Bank Annuities as aforesaid, shall he formed and constructed upon the same Principles as the Tables contained in the said Schedules to the said recited Act and this Act are formed and constructed; and that such Tables shall be transmitted by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes to the respective Receivers-General or their Deputies in England, and to the Collectors in Scotland; and such Tables so transmitted as aforesaid shall be as valid and effectual to enable such Receivers-General, and their Deputies, and such Collectors respectively, to ascertain, settle, and adjust the Amount of the Money to be paid as the Whole, or as any Instalment or Instalmfcnts of the Consideration for the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax, as if such Tables had been contained in the said Schedule to this Act annexed.

Deeds enrolled or registered at any Time before passing this Act, or within six Months thereafter, shall be valid, §3."

S B2

SCHEDULE

if. i

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

T4BLE* /hewing the fevered Sums payable for the Redemption or Purchase of LAND TAX> of the yearly Amounts denoted in thefirfl Column, when the three Pounds per'Centum Bank Annuities are at any Price between fifty andjixty, as denoted in the second and subsequent Column's.

LAND-TAX lu be redeemed, or purchased. 5° and under S1- SI and under S3- 5* and under 53* 53 and under 54* S 4 and under ss-

i O O 4* O 0 4i O 0 4i O 0 5 O 0 s

i O 0 9i O 0 9i O 0 9i O 0 9i 0 0 IO

i O 1 2 O I 2! O 1 2i O 1i O 1 3

O. O I <?i O I 7. O 1 7i 0 1 7i O 1 8

2 - O 3 a O 3 ii O 3 , ai 0 3 3i O 3 4

3 - > O 4 7i O 4 «i O 4 10 0 4 11 O 5 0

4 - O 6 3* O 6 3l. O 6 Si 0 6 6i O 6 8

s - O 7 8f 0 7 mi 0 8 °i r 0 8 2i O 8 4i

6 - O93i O95i 097i 09IO O IO oi

7 - O IO IO O 11 °i 0 11 3 0 11 5i O 11 8i

8 - O 12 4i O 13 7i 0 12 i°i 0 13 i* 0 13 4i

9 - O 13 I I O4 2i Q 14 Si 0 14905 oi

IO - O 15 Si O 15 9l. O 16 1 0 16 4i 0 16 H

ii - O 17 °i 0 17 4i O,7 8i 0 18 oi 0 18 4i

5. i - - O 18 0 18 "i O 19 3i 0 19 8 I 0

2 - - I7 ii 1 17 ioi I 18 7 1 19 4 2 0 oi

3*- 2 ISi 2 16 9i 2 17 iof 2 1811$ 3 0 1

4*- 3 14 3 3 IS H 3 17 i 3 18 7i 4 0 ii

5 -- 4 12 9i 4 14 7i 4 16 6 4 18 3i S 0 ii

5 11 4i s 13 7 5 IS 9i 5 17 ni 6 0 2

7 - - 69m 6 12 6 6 IS oi 6 11 7i 7 0 2i

8-- 7 8. 6 7 11 5i 7 14 4i 7 17 3i*0. 2i

9 — 8 7 oi 8 IO 4i 8 13 8 8 16 11I90 3i

IO--95 7i99 3i912 ni916 7i IQ 0 3i

11 - - 10.4i 10 8 2i IO 12 3 10 16 3i 11 0 3i

rz - - 11 2911 7 If 11 11 7i 11 »S ni 12 0 +i

I3-- 12 I 3i 12 6 I 12 IO ioi 12 IS 7i3 0 4§

M- - 12 J9 ioi J3 S 0 J3 IO ii 13 15 3i 14 0 4i

JJ" 13 18 Si 14 3 Hi 149si4 14 Hi 15 0 Si

1+ j7 0 IS 2 I°i5 8 H5 14 7i 16 0 Si

17.- IS5 16 1 9a 16 8 oi 16 14 3i J7 0 6

18 - - 16 14 ii 17 o- 8i 17 7 4 17 13 ii 18 0 6i

19. 17 12 H 17 19 7i 18 6 7i 18 13 79 0 6i

18 11 3 18 18 7 J9 5 119 13 3 20 0 7

2 37 2 6 37 17 2 38 11 10 39 6 6 40 1 2

3 SS 13956 is 957 17958 19960 1 9

4 74 5 0 75 14 4 77 3 8 78 13 0 80 2 4

5 93 16 3 94 12 11 9697 98 6 y 0 100 2 11

6 in 7 6 113 II 6 I25 IS 6 "7 19 6 120 3 6

7 129 189132 IO 13 S 1 S 137 129140 4 1

' 8.- — 148 IO 0 iSi 8 854 7 457 6 0 160 4 8

9 - 167 1 3 170 7 3 l73 13 3 176 19 3 180 5 3

10 - - - !8S 12 6 189 S 10 192 19 2 196 12 6 200 5 10

1 1 O 37* 5 0 378 11 8 38518 4 393 5 0 0 0 11 8

A.D. 180$.

43° GEORGII III. 0.5*.

SCHEDULE — continued.

LAKp-TAX. to be redeemed, Qr ^urckideck 55 sind upder ^6. 5<S and under 57- 57 and under 58. 58 and under, 59- 59 and under 60.

O O 5 O O 54 0 0 54 O 0 s4 O 0 5$

f O O I°i O O 104 O 0 IO§ 0 0 iof 0 0 11

4. O I 3 J O I 3f O 1 34 0 1 4 O 1 4i

D.'i- O I 81 O I Si O 1 94 0 1 9f O 1 94

2 - O 3' 44 O 3 5f O 3 64 0 3 7 0 3 74

3 - O 54 O 5 24 O 5 3f 0 5 4a 0 5 5f

4- \ O' 6 9f O 6 11 O 7 of 0 7 2 0 7 3f

5- O 8 6 O 8 74 O 8 94 0 8 Ilf 09ii

6- O IO 2f O IO 4a O 10 64 0 1090 10 n4

7 - 0 II io| O 12 If O 12 4 0 12 6f 0 12 9

8- 0 l3 7i O3 IO O 14 I 0 14 4 0 14 7

9 - 0 15 3f O 15 64 O5 104 0 16 if 0 16 44

10 - 0 id nf O 17 34 O 17 74 0 17 11 0 18 24

11 - 0 18 8i O J9 of O 19 4f 0 19 8f I 0 of

S. 1*- I 0 44 I O 94 I 1 if I 1 6 I 1 1 of

2 - - 2 0 9f 2 1 64 2 2 3 % 3 0 2 3 84

3 - - 3 1 a* 3 2 3f 3 3 44 3 4 54 3 5 7

4 - - 4 1 7 4 3 of 4 4 64 4 5 ii4 4 7 5f

5 - - 5 I n| 5 3 94 S 5 74 5 7 54- 5 ? 34

6 - - 6 2 4* JO 4 7 6 6 94 6 8 "4 6 11 2

7 - - 7 2 9i 7 5 4 7 7 104*7 10 54 7 of

8 - - 8 3 2 8 6 ti 89Of 8 11 Ilf a 14 iof--

9 - -93 6496 104910 2913 5f916 94

10 - - 10 3 nf 10 7 7f 10 11 3* 10 14 nf 10 18 74

n - - 11 4 4* 11 8 44 11 12.5 ii id 5f 12 0 54

12 - - 12 49129if 12 ^3 6f 12 17 nf t3' 2 44

' 13 r- 13 S if.139113 44 843 19 54 14 4 2i

14- " 14 5 6*.14 IO 8 14 94 15 0 n45 6 I

a 15 -r 15 5 i*i 15 11 54 JS* 16 nf.16 2 54 16 7 114

x6 - - 16 6 4 16 12 2f 16 18 of J7 3 n4 1799f

17 -- 17 6 8f 17 12 Hf 179 24 18 5 54 18 11 8

18- - 18 7 if 18 J3 849 0 49 6 113 64

jp-- 19 7 64 19 14 > 54. 20 1 5f. 20 8 5*20 15 4t

I - - -.-2°. y T I 20 IS; 3 2t 2 7 219n 2r 17 3

2 - - r -'4-5. !S 10 41 10 , 6 44 S 2 42 19 10 43 14 6

3 '61. 3.9 62 s, 963 796499 6S IX t > -

4---: 81 M .1 83 I 0 84 10 45 19 8, 87. : 9 a

5 IOl 19 7 103 16 3 105 12 11 10797 109 6 3

6 122 7 6'1*4 It 6-: 126S 6 1289 63l 3

7 1425 5 .145 69i47' 18 1 i5°95 153 0 9

8--- f63 3 4 166/ 2 0 169 0 8 171 «9 4 T74 18 0

9 - t?i 11 3 1867 3 190 3 3 i9393 1965 3 s'

10 203 J9 2 207 12 6 211 5 10 214 19 a 218 12 6

2P - - - i ..407. 18 .1 4 4155. .0 422. u 8 429 18 4 437 5 c

CAh

74* c-5*. S3-

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

I.afh Act, ll & XI G. 3. C. 18.

3. respecting the entering of Common Appearances for Defendants not appearing to StlbfHKIUS,

repealed from.

1 ft Day «f Mir* chaelcaas Term 1803.

No Person Aiall be held 10 Special Kail on Process of the

CAP. Ln.

An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in issuing or carrying into Execution certain Orders of Council for the Prevention of the Exportation of Gunpowder, Saltpetre, and Naval Stores, and the Permission of the Exportation of Seed Corn to Norway.

[Ilth June 1803.]

WHEREAS the State of public Affairs required a temporary Restraint upon the Exportation of

Gunpowder, Saltpetre, and Naval Stores: And whereas certain Quantities of Saltpetre and Naval Stores, about to be exported to France and the Batatoian Republic, and other Parts beyond the Seas,

' have, under certain Orders and Directions issued and given for that Purpose to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, been detained in Great Britain, and not allowed to be cleared out for Exportation: And whereas also the great Distress of the Kingdom of Norway for Seed Corn was represented to his Majesty,

and Application made for Permission to export a limited Quantity of Grain: And whereas it would have been derogatory to the Character of his Majesty to have refused such Assistance to a Nation in Amity with his said Majesty: And whereas from the Lateness of the Season serious Inconvenience might have arisen from delaying such Permission, and Leave was therefore given to export five thousand Quarters of Corn from any Parts of Great Britain for the supplying of the Kingdom of Norway: And whereas it i3 therefore expedient that the Prohibition aforesaid, as to the Exportation of Gunpowder, Saltpetre, and Naval Stores,

and Permission to export such Com as aforesaid, should be functioned by Parliament; and all Persons issuing,

advising, or ailing under or in Obedience to the said Orders respectively, indemnified be it therefore enacted, <ffc.

All Actions against Persons concerned in carrying into Execution the said Orders of Council shall be 4i discharged and made void. — Defendants, in Actions brought after March 23, 1803, shall have Double Costs, §1. Defendants may apply to the Court to (lay Proceedings, &c. §2."

CAP. LIII.

An Act to Tender the Process of his Majesty's Courts of King's Bench, Common Picas, and Exchequer, in personal Actions, in Ireland, more beneficial, and also to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the twenty-first and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time for Trials by Nisi Prius in the City and County of Dublin, and for making the Process of the Court of Exchequer more effectualy as relates to compelling the Appearance of Defendants in Personal Actions. [11th June 1803.]

WHEREAS it would tend to the more speedy and beneficial Administration of Justice iu that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland\ that the Process for compelling the Appearance of Defendants in Actions to be hereafter instituted in his Majesty's Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, be assimilated each to the others, and, as far as may 4 be, to the Process of the superior Courts in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, and that frivolous and vexatious Arrests be prevented: And whereas, by an Act of Parliament of Ireland, made in the twenty-first and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time for Trials by Nisi Prius in the City of Dublin and County of Dublin; and for making the Proofs of tlx Court of Exchequer more effectual against Persons who, being served therewith, rtfufe to appear; it is,

among other Things, enacted, that in all Cases, from and after passing the said Act, where a Subpoena or Subpoenas shall issue out of the Pleas or Common Law Side of the said Court, requiring any Defendant or Defendants to appear thereto, and that such Defendant or Defendants being duly served therewith according to the then Praftiec or Course of the said Court, should suffer Process of Contempt to a Serjeant at Arms to be entered against him, her, or them, for not appearing on such Service, the said Court, upon the Attachment of the Serjeant at Arms being filed with the proper Officer of the said Court, with a Return made thereon by the Serjeant at Arms of the said Court, that the said Defendant or Defendants is or are not to be found, should and might, in every such Case, appoint an Attorney to enter an Appearance or Appearances for such Defendant or Defendants so in Contempt, and upon the said Appearance or Appearances being so entered, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs at whose Suit the said Subpoena or Subpoenas should have issued, should be at Liberty forthwith to file his, her, or their Declaration, and to proceed thereon to Judgement, and issue Execution, as effectually as if such Defendant or Defendants had duly and actually appeared on the Service of such Subpoena or Subpoenas be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act as is herein-before set forth shall, from and after the first Day of Michaelmas Term in the Year One thousand eight hundred and three, be repealed, and the same is hereby, from and after the find first Day of Michaelmas Term, repealed.

Act shall not affect any Subpoena filed out before thf first Day of Michaelmas Term 1803, §2«"

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of the said Michaelmas Term, no Person shall be held to Special Bail upon any Process issuing out of his said Majesty's said Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, in that Part of the said United King-7 dora

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 53.

dom called Ireland* where the Cause of Action shall not amount to the Sum of ten Pounds or upwards, nor out of any inferior Court where the Cause of Action shall not amount to the Sum of forty Shillings or upwards; and that in all Cases where the Cause of Action shall not amount to the Sum of ten Pounds or up* wards in any of the said superior Courts, or to forty Shillings or upwards in any such inferior Courts (and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall proceed by the Way of Process against the Person), he, she, or they shall not arrest or cause to be arrested the Body of the Defendant or Defendants, but shall serve him, her, or them personally with a Copy of the Process; and if such Defendant or Defendants shall not appear at the Return of the Process, or within eight Days after such Return, in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, upon Affidavit being made and filed in the proper Court, of the personal Service of such Process as aforesaid, (which said Affidavit shall be filed gratis, ) to enter a Common Appearance, or file Common Bail for the Defendant or Defendants, and to proceed thereon as if such Defendant or Defendants had entered his, her, or their Appearance, or filed Common Bail; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Affidavit of Service of such Process shall and may be made before any Judge or Commissioner of the Court out of which such Process shall issue, authorized to take Affidavits in such Court.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of MichaeU mas Term One thousand eight hundred and three, in all Cases where the Cause of Action shall amount to the Sum of ten Pounds, or forty Shillings, or upwards, as aforesaid, Affidavit shall be made and filed of such Cause of Action {which Affidavit may be made before any Judge or Commissioner of the Court out of which such Process shall issue, authorized to take Affidavits in such Court), and the Sum or Sums specified in such Affidavit shall be indorsedon such Writ or Process, for which Sum or Sums so indorsed the Sheriff or other Officer, to whom such Writ or Process shall be directed, shall take Bail, and for no more; and if, after the first Day of the said Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and three, any Writ or Process shall issue for the Sum of ten Pounds or upwards, and no Affidavit or Indorstment shall be made as aforesaid, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not proceed to arrest the Body of the Defendant or Defendants, but shall proceed in like Manner as is by this Act directed in Cases where the Cause of Action docs- not amount to the Sum of ten Pounds, or forty Shillings, or upwards, as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every Copy of such Process to be served upon any Defendant, shall be written a Notice to such Defendantof the Intent and Meaning of fu^h Service, to the EfFcft following; (that is to say, )

A B. you are served with this Process, to the Intent that you may, by your Attorney, appear in his« Majesty's Court of at the Return thereof, being the Day of

[as the CafeJball happen to he], in order to your Defence in this Action.*

Which said Notice shall be signed by the Attorney of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs with his Christian and Surname, and thereunto shall be added his Place of Residence, and for Which said Notice no Fee or Reward shall be demanded or taken.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Plaintiff shall enter a Common Appearance, or file Common Bail for any Defendant, unless the Plaintiff or his Attorney, or the Attorney employed for the Purpose of having the Process personally served, shall make Affidavit, in Writing, that such Plaintiff or Attorney (as the Case may be) knows the Person so swearing to such Service* and that such Plaintiff or Attorney (as the Case may be) believes that such Process has been personally served on the Defendant at such Time as such Person shall have sworn to; and in which Affidavit the Addition and Place of Residence of the Person so swearing to such Service shall be inserted; which said Affidavit shall be filed gratis.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever it appears to the Court out of which the Process issues, that all due Diligence has been used to have the Process of the Court personally fervid, yet that under the Special Circumstances of the Case, appearing to the Court by the Affidavit of the Plaintiff or his Attorney, or the Attorney employed for the Purpose of having the Process personally served, that it was impossible to procure personal Service, that then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Court out of whiefy the Process issues to substitute such other Kind of Service as to them shall seem fit.

44 In order tb settle the Compensation to be made to Patentee Officers of the Court of Exchequer for Reduc- tion of Fees by reason of this Act, the Chief Justice of King's Bench, the Master of the Rolls, and the Chief Justice of Common Pleas in Ireland\ shall, within three Months after passing the Act, afcct tain, on Oath, the Average Amount of such Fees for three Yearspreceding the End of Easter Terra One thousand eight hundred and three, and certify the same to the /rj/& Treasury, § o. Commissioners for auditing publick Accounts in Ireland^ on Requisition of such Patentee Officers, shall (while the present Officers continue)

esquire /yearly during the long Vacation) into the Diminution of their Fees, as compared for the preceding Year with such Certificate; and such Diminution being ascertained and certified by the said Commissionero to the Treasury of Ireland, shall become a Charge on the Consolidated Fund, and be issued accordingly, §10.

Lord Lieutenant shall direct Enquiry to be made, by Commissioners of Accounts, into the Reduction of Fees of the Exchequer Officers not holding by Patent, and may order such Allowances from the Treasury. 44 to be made for their Losses as he fhalithink fit; such Lodes shall be previously certified by said Commissioners to the Treasury, and the whole Compensation to such last mentioned Officers shall not exceed three thousand Pounds per Annum* j ii.M

743

superior Courts in 11 eland for Jess than 10l. or 40s. out of inferior Courts; bur the Defendants Dull be served with a Copy of the Process.

Defendants not appearing. Plaintiff may file Common Bail, &c.

Affidavit of Service of Pro-cvOl

On Anest Affidavit of Cause of Action shall be made and filed, and the Sum indoifedon the Writ, 6cc,

Form of on l\vcvfi.

On entering Common Appearance, Plain-ti: f or hi> Attorney Ih.ill join in Affidavit of Service of Process.

Court may regulate Sendee of Process.

744 C. 34.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

Scotch Act, 1696.

[Wdt. 3. Par/.T, Sjf. 6. cap. 16.]

Imturc annual Salary toSchojl-nutters from 300 to 400 Merits Scots. Heritors (qualified as under §12.) and Mi-nitter of the Pa'ilh shall fix such Salaries.

Salaries payable in Grain or Meal shall so continue, and ftufl be efti/nated at 200 Meiks per Chalder.

Salaries so fixed shall be payable for 25 Yea>s. Within 3 Years afteiwards the Price of a Chal-dcrof Oatmeal shall be ascertained and certified on the Average of 25 Years,

and shall be the Rate for fixing the Schoolmaf-lers' Salaries.

Heritors and Minister shall meet within thiee Months after tht'afeer-toining and cer-

CAP. LIV.

An Act for making better Provision for the Parochial Schoolmasters, and for making further Regulations for the better Government of the Parish Schoots, in Scotland. [11th June 1803.]

WHEREAS the Parish Schoolmasters in Scotland are a most useful Body of Men, and their Labours have been of essential Importance to the publick Welfare: And whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Reign of King William the Third, in the Year One thousand iix hundred and ninety-six, intituled, Act for settling of Schools, it is, inter alia, llatuted and ordained, that there be a 4 School settled and established, and a Schoolmaster appointed, in every Parish not already provided, by Advice*of the Heritors and Minister of the Parish; and for that Effect, that the Heritors in every' Parish meet and provide a commodious House for a School, and settle and modify a Salary to a Schoolmaster, which shall not be under one hundred Merks nor above two hundred Merks Scots, to be paid yearly, at two^ Terms, Whitsundfty and Martinmas, by equal Portions; and certain Rules and Regulations were laid down by the said Act, relative to the Apportioning and Payment of the said Salary by the Heritors of the Parish:

And whereas the hi^heft Salary- by the said Act granted, amouivting only to eleven Pounds two Shillings and Two-pence two Thirds of a Penny Sterling, which by Difference in the Value of Money, and Change in the Circumstances of the Country, has become a Provision altogether inadequate for a Body of Men whole Labours are of so great public Utility : ' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's 1110ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Term of Martinmas next, the Salary of each Parochial Schoolmaster in every Parish of Scotland shall not be under the Sum of three hundred Merks Scots per Annum, nor above the Sum of four hundred Merks Scots per Annum, except in the Cases herein after mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That within three Months after the passing of this Act, the Heritors possessed of the Qualification required by this Act, and the Minister of every Parish, shall hold a Meeting, of which Intimation shall be given from the Pulpit immediately after Divine Service in the Forenoon, and by circular Letters, to be written by the Minister of the Parish, to such Heritors having the Qualification prescribed by this Act, \vho are non-resident, and also by leaving a written Notice at the Mansion House of every Heritor, whether resident or not, at leal! thirty free Days before such Meeting shall take place; and on due Consideration of the Circumstances of the particular Parish in respect of Lxtent, Population, and Valued Rent, and the probable Amount of the other Emoluments of the Schoolmaster's Office, such Meeting shall judge and determine whether the Schoolmaster's Salary shall be three hundred Merks Scots per Annum, or four hundred Merks Scots per Annum, or such Sum between these two Sums as to such Meeting shall seem most suitable to the Circumstances of the Parish, and shall fix and determine the Amount of the Schoolmaster's Salary, to be paid to the Schoolmaster, by a Resolution to be made at such Meeting, a Copy of which Refo-lution, signed by the Prefes of the Meeting, shall be delivered to the Schoolmaster of the Parish as his Authority for collecting and receiving the Salary thereby fixed and determined, which shall be paid by the several Heritors at the same Terms apportioned among them, in the same Manner, and with the same Relief against their Tenants, as is provided by the aforesaid Act of the Parliament of Scotland, passed in the Year One thousand fix huftdned and ninety-six: Provided always, that no Salary at present payable to any Schoolmaster shall be diminished; and in all Cases where any such Salary or any Part thereof is payable in Grain or Meal, such Salary in Grain or Meal shall continue to be paid and payable in the same Manner as heretofore, with such Additions thereto in Money ns to such Meeting shall seem proper; and in fixing and determining the Amount of the Salary' to be paid pursuant to this Act, such Grain or Meal making Part of such Salary shall be estimated at the Rate of two hundred Merks per Chalder.

III. And be it enacted, That the Salaries so fixed and determined in Manner above directed, shall continue to be the Salaries payable to the Schoolmaster of every Parish for and during the Period of twenty-five Years from and after the passing of this Act; and within three Years after the Expiration of twenty-five Years from the passing of this Act, the Sheriff or Stewart of every County or Stewartry shall fix and determine, according to the Average Amount of the Fiars of the County or Stewartry for the twenty-five Years preceding, what is the Value or Average Price of a Chalder of Oatmeal, and he shall make a Return of such Average to the' Office of King's Remembrancer in Exchequer in Scotland; and the Lord Chief Baron and Barons ©fi Exchequer are hereby empowered and required, from such Returns by the Sheriffs and Stewarts of Scotland, to llrike the Average Price of a Chalder of Oatmeal for all Scotland; and an Order of the said Court of Exchequer, fixing such Average, shall, within three Months from the Date of the last Return by the Sheriffs and Stewarts* be published by the King's Remembrancer in the Edinburgh Gazette, and such other Scots Newspapers as he shall deem fufneient, for three fuecessive Weeks, and a Copy thereof shall alto be traillYnitied by the said^ Remembrancer to the Sheriff or Stewart Clerk of every Shire or Stewartry in Scotland; which Average so ascertained shall be the Rate according to which the Schoolmaster's Salary shall be fixed in the Manner herein after directed, and the Sheriff or Stewart Clerk shall transmit a Certificate thereof, signod by him, to the Minister of each Parish within the County or Stewartry, to be by him submitted to the Meeting directed to br called in Manner immediately after mentioned.

IV. And be it enacted, That within three Months after the Date of such Certificate, the Heritors possessed of the Qualification required by this Act, and the Minister of every Parish in Scotland, shall hold a Meeting, of which Intimation shall be given from the Pulpit immediately, after Divine Service in the Forenoon, and by circular Letters, to be written by the Minister of the Parish, to such Heritors having the Qualification prescribed by this Act, who are non .resident, and also by leaving a written Notice at the Mansion House

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 54.

of every Heritor whether resident or not, at lead thirty free Days before such Meeting shall take place; and on due Consideration of the Circumstances of the particular Parish in respect of Extent, Population, and valued Rent, such Meeting shall judge and determine whether the Schoolmaster's Salary of the same shall be equal to the Average Price of one Chalder and a Half, or of two Chalilers of Oatmeal, according to the Amount thereof, ascertained by the aforesaid Certificate, or to such Proportion between them as to such Meeting shall seem most suitable to the Circumstances of the Parish, and shall fix and determine the Amount of the Schoolmaster's Salary, to be paid pursuant to such Average and their Resolution thereupon; a Copy of which Refo-lution, signed by the Prefes of the Meeting, shall be delivered to the Schoolmaster of the Parish, as his Authority for collecting and receiving the Salary thereby fixed and determined, which shall be paid to him by the several Heritors at the same Terms, apportioned among them, in the same Manner, and with the same Relief against their Tenants, as is provided by the aforesaid Act of the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year One thousand six hundred and ninety-six.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Heritors and Minister shall neglect or refuse to determine the Amount of the Salary to be paid to the Schoolmaster according to the Provisions of the Act, or in case any Heritor, or the Schoolmaster, shall be dissatisfied with the Determination made, it shall be competent within three Months after such Meeting ought to have been held, or such Determination shall have been made, for the Schoolmaster to apply, or for such Person so dissatisfied to appeal, to the next Quarter Sessions held for the Shire or Stewartry within the Bounds of which the Parish or Parish Kirk lies, whose Judgement shall be final, and no Appeal by Advocation, Suspension, or otherwise, shall be admitted against the Judgement giveu at such Quarter Sessions: Provided always, that no Heritor of the Parish from whence such Appeal comes shall vote upon such Appeal at such Quarter Sessions.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That after twenty-five Years shall have elapsed from the Time the Amount of a Schoolmaster's Salary shall have been so fixed, the Sheriff of a Shire, Stewart of a Stewartry, shall within three Months again determine the Average Price of a Chalder of Oatmeal in the Mauner directed by this Act; and shall, as above directed, return the same to the Office of King's Remembrancer in Exchequer, and the Lord Chief Baron and Barons of Exchequer shall again by an Order of Court fix the Average Price for all Scotland; and the King's Remembrancer shall again transmit a Copy of said Order of Court to the Sheriff or Stewart Clerk of each Shire or Stewartry, and the said Sheriff or Stewart Clerk shall again publish the same in the Edinburgh Gazette and Scots Newspapers, and transmit a Certificate of said Average and Order of Court to the Minister of each Parish within nis Shire and Stewartry, and the Heritors and Minister shall again fix and determine the Schoolmaster's Salary according to such Average, such Salary never being less than the Value of one Chalder and an Half, nor more than two Chalders for the next twenty-five Years, and so toticj quoties at the End of every twenty-five Years for ever, unless altered by Parliament; and every such Determination of Salary shall be liable to Appeal to the Quarter Sessions in Manner and to the Effect above directed.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every Parish where there is only one Heritor qualified as herein after prescribed, such Heritor shall have two Votes at every Meeting directed to be held pursuant to this Act; and in all Meetings where no Prefes has been chosen, the Heritor present pofftffed of the highest Valuation shall have the casting Vote.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Parish where a commodious House for a School has not already been provided, pursuant to the Directions in the above recited Act, and in every Parish where a Dwelling House for the Residence of the Schoolmaster has not already been provided together with a Portiou of Ground for a Garden to the Extent hereafter mentioned, the Heritors of every such Parish shall provide a commodious House for a School, and also a House so- the Residence of the Schoolmaster, such House not confiding of more than two Apartments including the Kitchen, together with a Portion of Ground for a Garden to such Dwelling House, from Fields used for the ordinary Purposes of Agriculture or Pasturage, as near and convenient to the Schoolmaster's Dwelling House as reasonably may be; which Garden shall contain at lead one fourth Part of a Scots Acre, and shall be enclosed with such Fence as is generally used for such Purposes in the District of the County where it is situated; and the Expence of providing such School House, Dwelling House, and Garden, and supporting the fame, shall be defrayed and paid in the same and like Manner as is prescribed for providing a House for a School by the aforesaid Act of the Parliament of Scotland: Providing always, that where the Heritors shall determine that such Garden cannot be allotted tv the Schoolmaster without great Lossand Inconvenience, it shall be optional to them, with the Authority of the Quarter Sessions of the County or Stewartry, to assign to the Schoolmaster, in lieu of such Garden, an Addition to his Salary, at the Rate of eight Bolls of Oatmeal per Acre, to be computed according to the Average ascertained in Manner herein-before directed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Heritors shall neglect or refuse to provide the Accommodations of House, School House, and Garden, or additional Salary in lieu thereof, to Schoolmasters according to the Provisions of this Act, or in case the Schoolmaster shall not be satisfied with the Accommodations afforded him, it shall be competent for him to bring the same by Representation or Petition before the Quarter Sessions held for the Shire or Stewartry to which the Parish of which he is Schoolmaster belongs, or in which the Parish Kirk is situated; and in all such Cases the Judgement of the (Quarter Sessions shall be final, without any further Appeal by Advocation, Suspension, or otherwise: Provided always, that no Justice of the Peace who shall be an Heritor in the Parish of such Schoolmaster Audi vote upon inch Representation or Petition.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Heritor or Heritors from whose Estates any Ground shall be taken for the Purpose of such School House, Dwelling House, and Garden, shall have his, her, or their Relief against the other Heritors of the Parish, for the Value of the Ground so to be taken, in Proportion to

43 Geo. III. 5 C the

745

ti Tying such Average Price, and shall fix the Amount f ScliotilmatferV S.ilnies accordingly.

In case of Neglect, Sc c. Appeal may be made, within 3 Months, to the next Quarter Sessions.

At the End of

every 25 Yean the .Schoolman ter's Salary shall be re-afcei lamed in like Manner.

Where only one Heritor, he shall have two Votes. Preics.

School-house and Dwelling-house and Garden shall be provided

or, In lieu of a Garden, an Addition to Salary.

In case of Ke* glect, See, Schoolmasters may apply to

QuarterScffioot

S.-iUifa&k>n to Horiioi s^bose Ground shall be taken tbr Sch sob house* Ice.

Regulations fir tMro Te.ichers in Eari/hes cv'.\fitting ol two or more Iflatuis, or being ot' gieat Extent.

Not to extend to Royal burghs.

Where a Parish consists of a Burgh and a Landward Heritor, School-made r shall be appointed, See. as heretofore.

Election of Schootmasters by Heritois, &c. in Cases of Va-eaocies 4

<* on Failure, the Coraruitfioners of Supply shall appoint.

All SchooTmaf-ters shall be examined and approved by the Pretty tery.

If found unqualified, Time for Re-election.

Heritors and Minister shall fix he School Fees.

C. 54* 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 180j.

the valued Rent of the Land* belonging to the whole Heritors in the Parish; such Relief to be settled only by the Sheriff or Stewart of the County or Stewartry, without Appeal by Advocation, Suspension, or otherwise.

XI. And be it enacted, That in case of those Parishes which consist of Districts detached from each other by the Sea or Arms of the Sea, or otherwise* as where a Parish consists of two or more Islands, of which there arc several Instances in the Highlands, North Ides, and Hebrides, or where it is otherwise of great Extent or Population, so that one Parochial School cannot be of any effectual Benefit to the whole Inhabitants of such Parishes, it shall be competent to the Heritors and Minister if they shall see Cause on fixing a Salary of six hundred Merks, or the Value of three Chalders of Oatmeal, to be computed according to the Provisions of this Act, to divide the same among two or more Teachers according to the Extent and Population of the Parish; and these Proportions so divided shall be paid to Teachers of Schools in the same Way and Manner, and under the same Conditions, as hereafter are specified by this Act, for supplying vacant Pa-lochial Schools with Mailers; but in respect that the Heritors of such Parishes are to pay an higher Salary, they are hereby exempted from the Obligation of providing School Houses, Dwelling Houses, and Gardens, for the Teachers among whom the Salary is to be divided in the Manner aforesaid; and in case a Difference of Opinion shall arise among the Heritors respecting the Propriety and Usefulness of such Division of the Salary, the same shall be submitted by Petition or Representation to the Quarter Sessions of the Shire or Stewartry, within the Bounds of which the Parish or Parish Kirk is situated; and the Judgement thus ob- tained shall be final without Appeal by Advocation, Suspension, or otherwise.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That none of the Provisions of this Act shall apply to the Case of a Parish, which consists only of a Royal Burgh or Part of a Royal Burgh.

XIII. And be it further declared, That where a Parish consists of a Royal Burgh, or Part of a Royal Burgh, and a Landward Heritor or Heritors, the Schoolmaster shall be appointed and maintained by the Burgh, or by the Landward Heritor or Heritors, or by the Burgh and Landward-Heritors, in the same Way and Manner, and according to the same Proportions that have hitherto been observed in such Parish; the Salary and Accommodations being always equal in Value to those provided by this Act, and the fame- Remedy being- allowed in case they are otherwise, and to be applied for in the Manner already specially pointed out; and provided any Additions shall be granted, the same shall be paid in the same Proportions by the Parties from whom the present Salary is received.

XIV. And be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, in case of Vacancy in the Office of Schoolmaster, by Death or otherwise, the Minister of the Parish shall within fifteen Days, intimate or cause to be intimated from the Pulpit, immediately after Divine Service in the Forenoon, the Vacancy which has taken place, and communicate the Knowledge of the same by Letter to such Heritor or Heritors as may be non-resident; and the Heritors possessed of the Qualification required by this Act, with the Minister of the Parish, are hereby appointed to hold a Meeting, of which Intimation shall be given by the Minister, by Ediftal Citation and circular Letters to such as are non-resident, at lead thirty free Days before it takes place; and such Meeting or adjourned Meeting shall elect a Person to the vacant Office of Schoolmaster; and in the Event of the Parish being vacant, the Presbytery shall appoint some one of their Number to make the Intimations and give the Notices which, according to the Provisions of this Act, the Minister is required to do.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Heritors qualified as is hereby required, and Minister, shall fail to elect a Schoolmaster within four Calendar Months from the Time the Vacancy shall have taken place, then the Presbytery within the Bounds of which the Parish is situated, shall apply to the Convener of the Commissioners of Supply of the County or Stewartry, who, or any five of them, at a Meeting to be called by the Convener upon thirty Days Notice, shall have Power, jure devoluto, and are hereby directed to elect a Person to supply the Vacancy.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Schoolmaster elected under the Provisions of this Act, shall-carry the Minutes, or an Extract or certified Copy of the Minutes of his Election to the Presbytery, accompanied with Attestations of his having taken the Oath to his Majesty before any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace; and the Presbytery shall thereupon take Trial of his Sufficiency for the Office, in respect of Morality and Religion, and of such Branches of Literature as by the Majority of Heritors and Minister shall be deemed most necessary and important for the Parish, by Examination of the Presentee, by Certificates and Recommendations in his Favour, by their own personal Enquiry or otherwise, and shall fee him sign the Con-session of Faith and Formula of the Church of Scotland; and their Judgement or Determination as to the Qualifications of such Presentee for the Office of Schoolmaster shall not be reviewed or suspended by any Court, Civil or Ecclesiastical; and provided they are satisfied with the fame, he shall be furmshed with an Expraft from their Minutes, bearing that he had appeared, .produced the Attestations required, and had been found on Trial duly qualified for discharging the Duties of the Office to which he had been ekfted, which Extract 'shall complete his Right to the Emoluments provided by this Act.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Person elected is not found .duly qualified, the Heritors and Minister shall only be allowed what remained of the four Months, at the Time of his Election, with so many Days more as required by this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Heritors qualified as is hereby required, and Minister, in a Meeting called on thirty Days Notification from the Pulpit, and by Letter from the Minister to the non-resident Heritors, and by Notice to be left at the Mansion-House of each Heritor, whether resident or not, shall have the Power of fixing the School Fees from Time to Time as they shall judge expedient; and a Table of such Fees, signed by the Prefes of the Meeting, shall be hung up in the School-room: Provided always, that the Schoolmaster shall be obliged to teach such poor Children of the Parish as shall be recommended by the Heritors and Minister at any Parochial Meeting.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 54, 55. 747

XIX. And be it enacted, Tfiat the Superintendance of Schools shall continue trith the Ministert of the established Church as heretofore, according to the several Acts of Parliament respecting the fame, except in so far as altered by this present Act.

XX. And be it enacted, That as often as Presbytenes in the Course of their Visitation, shall find-any Thing wrong with respect to the Hours of teaching, or the Length of the Vacation annually given, or when any Complaint shall be made to them upon those Subjects by Parties concerned, they shall have the Power of regulating the same in the Manner they may judge most confident with the particular Circumstances and general Good of the Parish; and the Schoolmaster is hereby required to conform to and obey all Regulations so made by the Presbytery, under Pain of Censure or Suspension from or Deprivation of his Office, as to the Presbytery shall seem proper.

XXI. And be it enacted, That when any Complaint from the Heritors, Minister, or Elders, against the Schoolmaster, charging him with Neglect of Duty, either from engaging in other Occupations or from any Other Cause, or with immoral Conduct, or cruel and improper Treatment of the Scholars under his Charge, shall be presented to the Presbytery, they shall forthwith take Cognizance of the same, serve him with a Libel if the Articles alleged appear to them to be of a Nature which requires it, and having taken the necessary Proof, they shall acquit or pals Sentence of Censure, Suspension, or Deprivation, as shall appear to them proper upon the Result of such Investigation; which Judgement shall be final, without Appeal to or Review by any Court, Civil or Ecclesiastical; and in case they shall depose the Incumbent from the Office of School-matter, his Right to the Emoluments and Accommodations of the same shall cense from the Time of his De* position; and in case he shall fail or refuse to remove from the School, School House, and Garden, within the Space of three Months from the Date of such Sentence or Deposition, the Sheriff of the Shire, or Stewart of the Stewartry, upon having an Extract or certified Copy of the Sentence of Deposition by the Presbytery laid before him, shall forthwith grant Letters of Ejedlion against such Schoolmaster, of which no Bill of Suspension or Advocation, nor Action of Reduction shall be competent: and in case of such Deposition th^ School shall immediately be declared vacant, and the Election of another Schoolmaster shall take place.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Heritor who is not a Proprietor of Lands within the Parish, to the Extent of at lead one hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent appearing in the Land Tax Books of the County within which such Parish is situated, to attend or vote at any Meeting held pursuant to this Act 5 but every Heritor qualified as above may vote by Proxy, or by Letter under his Hand.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all former Acts and Statutes with regard to Parish Schools Or Schoolmasters are hereby ratified and confirmed, in so far as they are not altered by the express Provisionl of this Act.

Superintendnnce of Schools continued to Minis-ters.

Presbytenes shall regulate Hours of teachings Vacations, &c.

Presbytery shall take Cognizance of and punish or deprive School* m aft era.

Qualification of Heritors.

Former Acts confirmed.

CAP. LV.

An Act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm» during the present War; and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose.

[1 ith June 1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that his Majesty should be enabled to exercise, in the most effectual Manner- the Powers by Law vetted in him, for preventing and repelling an Invasion of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland^ by his Majesty's Enemies, and that for such Purpose Provision should be made to enforce prompt Obedience to such Orders, as his Majesty, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Time being, shall think fit to issue for procuring the Information necessary to the effectual Exercise of such Powers upon any Emergency, and for applying in the most expeditiou*

Manner, and with the greatest Effcdf, the voluntary Services of his Majesty's loyal Subjects for the Defence of the said United Kingdom; and also to enable his Majesty, and the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Time being, to procure Ground which may be wanting for cncamping his Majesty's Armies, and for erecting Batteries, Beacons, and other Works which may be deemed necessary for the publick Service; and also to provide for the Indemnity (in certain Cases) of Persons who may suffer in their Property by Measures which may be taken for the Defence and Security of the Country,

and Annoyance of the Enemy be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Lieutenants of the several Counties, Ridings, and Plates within that Part of the United Kingdom called England, and of the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, and their Deputy Lieutenants, or such of them as his Majesty shall direct, and the Deputy Lieutenants acting a9 Lieutenants under the Laws now in force, shall respectively, in Obedience and Conformity to such Orders as his Majesty shall think fit to issue for such Purpose, and the Governors of Counties and Places in Ireland, and their Deputy Governors, or such of them as the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Time being, shall direct, shall, in Obedience and Conformity to the Orders of such Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, procure Returns of the Numbers of Men residing within the several Counties, Ridings, Stewart-rics, Baronies, Cities, and Places within and throughout the said United Kingdom, who shall be of the Age of fifteen Years and under the Age of sixty Years, distinguishing which of them are by reason of Infirmity incapable of active Service, and which of them are engaged in any Volunteer Corps, or in any Troops or Companies of Yeomanry, and what Corps, Troops, or Companies, and which of them are willing to engage them-

5 C 2 ielves

County Lieutenants and their Deputies in Great Britain, and Governors o! Counties in Ireland and their Deputies, in Obedience to the Orders of his Majesty or the Lord Lieutenant, shall procure Returns of Men 15 Yean of Age and under 60, distcnguish-

748 C-55-

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

Jng those incapable of Sen ice, or being in Volunteer Coips or Yeomanry, or willing to ! e trained, ice. and of Infants, See.

and of Boats, Waggons, Horses, Cattle, Con*, Mills, ice. and which of them the Owner! are willing to funiiflj for the

{elves to be armed, arrayed, trained, and exercised for the Defence of the United Kingdom, and upon what Terms; and which of them are willing to engage in Cases of Emergency, either gratuitously or for Hire, as Boatmen or Bargemen, or as Drivers of Carriages or Horses, or Drivers of Waggons, Carts, Cars, or Cattle, or as Pioneers or other Labourers, for any Works or Labour which may be necessary for the publick Service; and also distinguishing all Aliens and Quakers, with such other Particulars as his Majesty, or such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, shall think, fit to require; and also to procure Returns of the Numbers of the Males and Females residing within the several Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Baronies, Cities, and Places aforesaid, who by reason of Infancy, Age, or Infirmity, or for other Cattfe, may probably be incapable of removing themselves in case of Danger; and also for procuring Returns of all Boats, Barges, Waggons, Carts, Cars, Horses, and other Cattle and Sheep, and of all Hay, Straw, Corn, Meal, Flour, and other Provisior.s, and of all Mills and Ovens, and all other Matters and Things which may be uftful to an Enemy, or applicable to the publick Service within the said Counties, Ridings, Stewdrtries, Baronies, Cities, and Places respectively; and which of such Boats, Barges, Waggons, Cart6, Cars, and Horses, the Owners thereof are willing to furnish, in case of Emergency, for the publick Service, either gratuitously or for Hire, and with what Number of Boatmen, Bargemen, Drivers, ana other necessary Attendants, and upon Sc. C. 5emce* what Terms and Conditions; and of all such other Particulars as his Majesty, or such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors aforesaid shall require, for the Purpose of enabling his Majesty, and the Persons acting under his Majesty's Authority, or the said Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors, and the Persons acting under his or their Authority, to give such Orders as may be necessary for the Removal, in case of Danger, of such Persons as shall be incapable of removing themselves; and for the Removal of all Boats, Barges, Waggons, Carts, Cars, Horses, Cattle, Sheep, Hay, Straw, Corn, Meal, Flour, and other Provisions, Matters, and Things aforesaid, or for the Employment thereof in his Majesty's Service or otherwise, as the Exigency of the Case shall require; and generally to give such Directions touching such Matters respectively, as may be deemed moll likely to defeat the Views of the Enemy, and most advantageous for the publick Service.

II. And be it Further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Time being, by and with the Advice of his Majesty's Privy Council of Ireland, to order and require, from Time to Time, as his Majesty or such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors as aforesaid, shall fee Occasion, the Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants acting as Lieutenants as aforesaid, or the Governors or Deputy Governors of Counties in Ireland respectively, to appoint proper Officers to be ready for arraying, training, exercising, and commanding such Men as shall be willing to engage themselves to be armed, trained, and exercised as aforesaid, and also proper Persons to be in like Manner ready, in case of Need, for superin-tending and directing the Execution of the several other Duties which may be necessary to be done, for the several Pumofes herein-before mentioned; such Officers and other Persons to be appointed in such Numbers, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as his Majesty, or such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors in Ireland, shall think fit to order and direct; such Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants, acting as Lieutenants as aforesaid, or such Governors or Deputy Governors, fird signifying to his Majesty, or to such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, the Names and Ranks of all Officers To to be appointed, and the Purposes for which they are so to be appointed, and appointing such Officers only as his Majesty, or such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors in Ireland shall approve: Provided always, that if the said Lieutenants, or Deputy Lieutenants, acting as Lieutenants as aforesaid, or such Governors or Deputy Governors shall not, within the Time which may be specified in the Orders which shall be given for such Purpose, signify to his Majesty, or to such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors as aforesaid, the Names of a diffident Number of Officers, whom his Majesty or such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, in Ireland, shall approve for the Command of such Men as aforesaid, and appoint such other Persons as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, it shall be lawful for

lieutenant may Lts Majesty, or for such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors as aforesaid, in Ireland, to appoint them. appoint so many Officers and other Persons as shall be necessary for such Purposes.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by Order under his Sign Manual, or for such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors as aforesaid, by Order in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, to authorize and require the several Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants aforesaid, and the several Governors or Deputy Governors of Counties in Ireland, to hold such General and Subdivision Meetings, within their respective Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, and Places as his Majesty, or such Lord Lieutem.3t or other Chief Governor or Governors as aforesaid, shall think fit, and as shall be necessary for the Execution of this Act; and to require for such Purposes the Attendance of the Clerks of the several General Meetings and Subdivision Meetings within their respective Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, and of all other Persons whose Assistance shall be necessary for carrying into Execution this Act, in such and the same Manner, and with the same Powers and Authorities as by the several Acts now in Force concerning the Militia Forces of Great Britain and Ireland respectively, is provided with respect to such Militia Forces, so far as the Provisions in such Acts respectively are applicable to the Purposes of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Lieutenants and their Deputy Lieutenants and the Deputy

Governors, De- Lieutenants acting as Lieutenants as aforesaid, and such Governors or Deputy Governors of Counties in /nr-junus, Justices, land, and all JrAices of the Peace, Constables, Tything Men, Headboroughs, and other Officers, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, have the like Powers and Authorities to do within their respective Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Baronies, Cities, and Places respectively, all such Acts, Matters, and Things as shall be required by his Majesty, or by such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors as aforesaid, to be done by them

His Majesty, and the Lord Lieutenant, with the Advice of the Privy Council, may require such Lieutenants or Deputies, or such Governors or Deputies, to appoint Officers to be approved by his Majesty, ice. for training Men willing to he armed, Sec.

If within the specified Time sufficient Officers, Sic. shall not lie so appointed, his Majesty or the Lord

His Majesty, or the Lord Lieutenant, may authorize the Lieutenants and Governors, or their Deputies, to hold Meetings, Stc. as under Militia Laws.

Lieutenants,

See. shall have iilce Powers as under Miliua Laws;

A-.D. 1803;

43° GEORGII III.

G. 55*

them respectively in the Execution of this Act, as they respectively have to do the several Acts, Matters, and Things by Law required to be done by them respectively by any Act or Acts now in Force, concerning the Militia Forces of Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Governors, Deputy Governors, Justices of the Peace, Constables, and other Officers, and all other Persons, shall obey such Orders as they shall respectively receive under the Authority of this Act, and the several Provisions herein contained.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants, and the Governors or Deputy Governors of the several Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, and Places aforesaid, within such Time as they shall be required by his Majesty, or by such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors as aforesaid, so to do, shall issue Warrants to the several Constables, Tything Men, Headboroughs, or other Officers of every Parish or Place within the several Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Baronies, Cities, and Places aforesaid, to cause Returns to be prepared and made, touching the several Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, as his Majesty, or such Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, shall direct for their respective Parishes and Places; and such Constables, Tything Men, Headboroughs, and other Officers shall make such Returns severally and respectively to the said Deputy Lieutenants, or to the said Deputy Governors at their respective Subdivision Meetings, according to the Warrants which shall be issued for such Purposes, and shall verify the same upon Oath before such Deputy Lieutenants or Deputy Governors.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, in case of actual Invasion of the said United Kingdom, and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, in case of actual Invasion of Ireland, or if his Majesty, or such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors as aforesaid, shall fee Cause to apprehend that such Invasion will be actually attempted by the Enemy, to authorize and empower, by Order under his Majesty's Sign Manual, or by Order in Writing under the Hand or Hands of such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, the said Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants, Governors or Deputy Governors, or any of them, on any Emergency, and on the Requisition of the Officer commanding within the District, respectively, or of such other Persons as his Majesty, or such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors as aforesaid, shall specially empower to make such Requisition, to give all such Orders as shall be necessary for the Removal of any Doats, Barges, Waggons, Carts, Cars, or other Carriages, Horse9, Cattle, Sheep, Hay, Straw, Corn, Meal, Flour, or Provisions of any Kind, or any other Things which may be of Advantage to an Enemy, or useful for the publick Service, and to take the fame, if necessary, for the publick Service; and also to give such Orders as shall be necessary for the Removal of the Inhabitants of any House, Hamlet, Village, District, or Place, or any of them, and especially such as by reason of Infancy, Age, or Infirmity, or other Cause, shall be incapable of removing themselve3 in case of Danger; and also, in case of Necessity; to destroy any Boats, Barges, Wagg ons, Carts, Cars, or other Carriages, Horfts, Cattle, Sheep, Hav, Straw, Corn, Meal, Flour, or rro-visions of any Kind, or any Thing which may be of Advantage to an £nemy/and to remove, destroy, or render useless any House, Mill, Bridge, or other Building, or any Matter or Thing whatsoever, and generally to do and aft in the Premises as the publick Service and the Exigencies of particular Cases shall require.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That any Persons who may enrol themselves in any Volunteer Corps of Infantry or Cavalry subsequent to the Date of this Act, shall not be liable to be called out and placed under the Command of any General Officer commanding within the District in which such Corps may be formed, except in Conformity to the Terms of their original Offers of Service, and except in case of actual Invasion, or of the actual Appearance of the Enemy on the Coast, or of the Danger of Invasion being deemed so imminent a9 to make it adviseable for the Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants, in Great Britain, or for the Governors or Deputy Governors in Ireland, or any of them, to give Orders for the Removal of Cattle, Com, cr any other Articles which may be of Advantage to the Enemy, or useful to the publick Service, in Manner herein-before mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if the Commanding Officer of any Corps or Company of Volunteers in Great Britain, who shall be appointed under the Authority of this Act, or who has been or shall be appointed under the Authority of an Act, passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, an Act to enable his Majesty to avail h'tmself of the Offers of certain Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps to continue their Service/, shall make ar.y wile Return of such Corps or Company, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, or if the Commanding Officer of any Troop or G< mpany of Yeomanry in Ireland, shall make or give any false Return or Certificate, every such Officer shall forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, or for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, in It dandy to authorize any General Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons commissioned for such Purpose, to survey and mark out any Piece of Ground wanted for the publick Service, and to treat and agree with the Owner or Owners thereof, or any Person or Persons having any Interest therein, for the Possession or Use thereof during such Time as the Exigence of the Service shall require; and in case the Owner or Owners of any such Ground, or any Person or Persons having any Interest therein, shall refuse or decline to enter into such Contract touching the same as shall be satisfactory to such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons commissioned as aforesaid, or shall be unable so to do by reason of Infancy, Coverture, or other Disability, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so authorized by his Majesty, or by such Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors as aforesaid, to require two or more Justices of the Peace, or Deputy Lieutenants, or Deputy Governors for the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place where such Piece of Ground shall be, to put his Majesty's Officers into immediate Poffdlion of such Piece of Ground, which such Justices, or Deputy Lieutenants, or Deputy Governors shall accordingly do, and shall for that Puroofe issue their Warrant, under their Hands and Seals, commanding PofilfGon to be so delivered; and shall also issue their Warrants to the Sheriff of the County, Riding,

Stewartry,

749

and shall oLev Orders, under this Act.

Lieutenants, Governor; , or Deputies, shall issue Warrants, when required, to Constables, Sec. to make Returns to Subdivision Meetings on Oath.

His Majesty, and the Loid Lieutenant, in case of Inva-fion, or Appie-hcnsion thereof, may authorize the Lieutenants, G vernor, 01 Deputies, to order the Renu val or Deft rust ion of Boats, Waggons, Horses, Cattle, Com, and the Removal of Persons, See.

Persons enrobed in Volunteer Corps after this Act, shall not Ini called out, " except according to their Offer of Service, and on Invasion, iic.

Penalty of 200l. cn Commanding Officer of Volunteers,

Ace. making a false Rttum or Certificate.

His Majesty, and the Lord Lieutenant, may authorize Persons to treat for Ground so* the publick Service, who may, in*certain L ases, app'y to two Justices, Sec. to put his Majesty's Officers into-PcfTclfion, which they shall do, and direct the She: iff to sura-mcn a Jury to ascertaii) the CoropcnLiuufe

Ill

Verdictc of Jury shall be cmitied to Receiver General oftiie Land Tax, See. who ih.il! pay the Com pe nlation. No Ground shall he taken without Ovintei 's Consent, unless Necessity be filft certified, or on aiiual Invasion.

The Treasury in Great Britain, and the Lord Lieutenant in Ireland, shall appoint Persons to ascertain the Value of Articles taken or injured, which shall be paid on Certificate from them.

Proceeding if Parties are not willing to accept the Contpenfa-tion. [Hut fee 43 G. 3. r. 96. §70.]

TheT)fficers of the Stannaries flwll procure Returns, and all other Mattel s to he done touching the Tinners of Devon and Cornwall.

The Lieutenancy, Lord Mayor, &c. of London, the Constable of the Tower, See. the Warden of the Cinque Ports, &c. Justices, &c. shall have like Powers as they have respectcing the Militia Laws.

Form of Conviction (fee Schedule J.

Commissions shall not vacate Scats in Parliament,

Cum pen fat ions to Clerks of the

C-S5-

43° GEORGII

A.D. 1803.

Stewartry, City, or Place wherein such Piece of Ground shall be situate, to summon a Jury, to appear and be on a Day and at a Place in such Warrant to be mentioned, to enquire of and ascertain the Compensation which ought to be made for the Possession or Use of such Piece of Ground, during the Time for which the same shall be required for the publick Service, to the several Persons interested therein, and to whom the same ought to be paid; the Verdi A of which Jury shall be certified by such Justices or Deputy Lieutenants ta the Receiver General of the Land Tax of the County, Riding, City, or Place in England, or to the Collector of the Land Tax of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Scotland\ or to the Collector of his Majesty's Revenues for Districts in Ireland, where such Lands shall lie; which Receiver General or Collector shall, out of any Money in his Hands, pay such Compensation to such Person or Persons, in such Manner and for such Purposes as by such Vtrdid shall be directed; Provided always, that no such Piece of Ground shall be so taken for the publick Service without the Consent of the Owner or Owners thereof, unless the Necessity for the same shall be first certified by the Lord Lieutenant, or two of the Deputy Lieutenants, or by one Governor, or two Deputy Governors of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place in which such Lands shall lie, or unless the Enemy shall have actually invaded the United Kingdom at the Time when such Piece of Ground shall be*so taken,

XI. And be it further enacted, That when it shall have been found necessary to take for the publick Service, remove, or destroy any Waggons, Carts, Cars, or other Carriages, Horses, Cattle, Sheep, Hay, Straw, Corn, Meal, Flour, or other Privisions, or any other Articles what foe ver, or to destroy or injure any House, Mill, Bridge, or other Building, or any Matter or Thing of Value, under the Directions aforesaid, the Commis* fioncrsofhis Majesty's Treasury in Great Britain, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, shall appoint Persons to enquire into and ascertain the Value of such Articles, and the Compensation which ought to be made for the same by way of Purchase or Hire, or Recompence for Damage or otherwise, according to the Nature of the Case; and if the Owner or Owners, or Person or Persons interested, shall be willing to accept the Compensation which shall be so ascertained, the same shall be paid by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, or by such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by them for that Purpose, in pursuance of a Certificate under the Hands of the Persons so employed to ascertain the fame; and if the Owner or Owners, or Person or Persons interested, shall not be willing to accept such Compensation, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, or such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland as aforesaid, to order two Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place to settle and ascertain the Compensation which ought to be made to such Owner or Owners, or Persons interested; which Justices shall settle and ascertain the same accordingly, and shall grant a Certificate thereof to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, who shall order the same to be paid to the Person or Persons entitled thereto out of any Money granted for the Supply of the Year.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of the Stannaries, and all other Officers of the Stannaries in Great Britain, shall respectively, in Obedience to his Majesty's Orders to be issued for that Purpose, procure like Returns to be made, and all other Matters to be done touching the Tinners of the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, according to the Customs of the Stannaries and Privileges of the working Tinners, as are hereby required to be done by the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants aforesaid, touching other Persons residing in the said Counties of Devon and Cornwall not entitled to the Benefit of such Privileges; and such Warden and other Officers of the Stannaries shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities to do and execute all and every the Matters and Things which shall be so required to be done as aforesaid, as the said Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants of the several Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, and Places aforesaid, have for doing the several Matter's and Things hereby required to be done by them respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty's Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the City of London, the Lord Mayor of the said City, and the Aldermen, Deputies, and Common Councilmen of the several Wards of the said City and Liberties thereof, and the Constables, Beadles, and other Ward Officers of the same; the Constable of the Tower of London, Lieutenants of the Tower Hamlets, and the Deputy Lieutenants of the said Hamlets, and their several Officers; the Justices of the Peace for the Tower Liberties, the Constables, and other Peace Officers within the same; the Warden of the Cinque Ports, two ancient Towns, and their Members, his Lieutenant or Lieutenants, and his or their Officers, and the Mayors, Jurats, Justices of the Peace, Constables, and other Peace Officers for the Liberties of the Cinque Ports, two ancient Towns, and their Members; and all other Justices of the Peace, and all Persons whosoever exercising the Powers of Justices of the Peace in any Part of the said United Kingdom; and all Constables and other Peace Officers within their respective Districts; and all other Persons having Authority within the same, shall put in Execution all and every the Powers and Provisions contained in this Act, in like Manner as they are respectively authorized to put in Execution the several Laws respecting the Militia Forces of the said Kingdom, or any of them respectively, within their respective Districts.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Form of Conviction, by one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of this Act, set forth and expressed in the Schedule hereunto annextd, may be used with such Additions and Variations only, as may be necessary to adapt the same to the particular Exigencies of the Case, and that no Objection shall be made, or Advantage taken, for want of Form in any such Conviction, by any Person or Persons whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Acceptance of any Commission under the Authority of this Act, shall not vacate the Seat of any Member returned to serve in Parliament.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks of the General and Subdivision Meetings is Great Britain and Ireland, respectively, Constables, and other Officers required to execute this Act, and who shall respectively execute the fame, to the Satisfaction of the Deputy Lieutenants or Deputy Governors

afrembled.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 55, 56. 751

assembled, at their respective Subdivision Meetings, shall have and receive such Compensation Tor their Care, Trouble, and Expences, in and about the executing of this Act, as the said Deputy Lieutenants or Deputy Governors shall jud; e them respectively to have deserved for the fame; and the said Deputy Lieutenants, or Deputy Governors shall divest such Compensation to be paid by the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or Place, in England, or the Collector of the Land Tax of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, in Scotland, or by the Collector of his Majesty's Revenue, for the District in Ireland, as the Case shall require, out of any Money in his Hands; and such Receiver General or Collector, respectively, shall pay the same accordingly, in case such Order as shall be made by such Deputy Lieutenants, at such Subdivision Meetings, shall be confirmed at a General Meeting in Great Britain; and in case such Order as shall be made by such Deputy Governors, in Ireland, shall be confirmed by the Governor or Governors of the County, City, or Place, but not otherwise.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Constable, Headborough, Tythingman, or other inferior Officer or other Person, shall disobey any Orders which shall be issued in pursuance of this Act, or shall obstruct or hinder the Execution thereof, every such Person, upon Conviction of such Offence, before any Justice of the Peace, of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not less than five Pounds and not exceeding one hundred Pounds, at the Discretion of such Justice; and in Default of immediate Payment thereof, then such Justice is hereby required to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, where the Offence shall be commited, for any Time not exceeding three Months; and the Monies ariiingby such Penalty shall be paid to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, to be applied as Part of the Stock of such County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Conviction made, in pursuance of this Act, by any Lieutenant, Deputy Lieutenant, Governor, Deputy Governor, or Justice of the Peace, shall be removed by Certiorari, Advocation, or Suspension, out of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place wherein such Order or Conviction shall be made, into any Court whatever; and that no Writ of Certiorari, Advocation, or Suspension, shall supersede Execution or other Proceedings upon any such Order or Conviction, but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had thereupon, any such Writ or Writs, or Allowance thereof notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, in Ireland, to authorize any three Deputy Lieutenants, or three Deputy Governors, of any County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, in the Absence from such County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place of the Lieutenant or Governors thereof, to do all Acts, Matters, and Things in the Execution of his Act, which might lawfully be done by such Lieutenant or Governors; and the same shall be good and valid in the Law as if done by such Lieutenants or Governors.

Meetings, Con-it.ihles, and oih#r Officer*.

Penalty for drf-obeying Orders, or obsti udting the Excciuiuu of this Act, 5l. to tool, or not exceeding three Months Im-piifonmcut.

No Order or Conviction shall Lc removed, nor Pioceedin's thereupon super-feded.

His Majesty, and the Lord Lieutenant may authorize three Deputy Lieutenants, or Governors, to ad iit the Absence of the Lieutenant or Governor*

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties by this Act imposed, for Recovery whereof no other Recovery of Means are hereby provided, shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Penalties. Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in Dublin, or the Courts of Great Session in the Principality of Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, or Durham, or in the Court of Session or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, as the Case shall require, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

Limitation of Actions for Matters done under this Act, three Months. — Venue in the County. — General " Issue.--Treble Costs, {21, Continuance of Act; during the present Hostilities with France, '§ 22. Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §23."

THE SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

FORM of CONVICTION for Disobedience of Orders, or Obstruction or Hindrance of the Execution of such Orders.

M ? BE it remembered, That on this Day of in the Year of hi*

to m it. £ present Majesty's Reign, A.B. of is duly convicted before me

one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of in pursuance of an Act of the forty-

third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled [here set forth the Title of this Atf\, for that the said A.B. on at did contrary to the said Act 5 wherefore I the said

do adjudge that he the said A.B. do pay the Sum of as a Penalty for his.

Offence, in pursuance of the Powers vested in me by the said Act.

Given under my Hand and Seal this Day of in the Year of our Lori

CAP. LVI.

An Act for regulating the Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to his Majesty's Plantations and Settlements abroad, or to Foreign Parts, with respect to the Number of such Passengers.

[24th June 1803.]

WHEREASn various Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ several Persons have been seduced to leave their Native Country under false Representations, and have suffered great Hard-

flup on Ship-board for Want of Water and Provisions, and other Necessaries, and of proper Accommodation

on their Passage: And whereas it is expedient that no Ship or Vessel should be permitted to carry a greater

2 4 Number

7: 52

C. 56. 43 GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

No Matter of any Kriiitti Vef. ft I from any Place in the United Kingdom, fh til carry to any Pails beyond Sea a greater Number , of Persons than one for every two Tons raftered Burthen, of the Pail unladen, tiC.

Penalty for taking < n board more than allowed, 5ci. for each 1'crfon, and the Veil'd shall be del.lined till the Penalty be paid.

Vttfels to North America shall have ceri am Quantities of Provision* and Water.

Penalty for not dittril.uiing daily Allowance, 20l.

Penally for demanding a Cleat nnce for

Number of Passengers on long or distant Voyages, either to his Majesty's Colonies abroad, or to Foreign ' Countries, than can be properly furnished with Provisions, and sufficiently accommodated on the Passage;

and it is also expedieut that proper Security should be given for their being landed at the Ports or Places to which they may have contracted or agreed to be carried : May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall not be lawful for any Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any British Ship or Vessel whatever, which shall clear out from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from and after the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, to have on board, at or after being cleared out, at any one Time, or to convey, cany, or transport, from any Place or Places in the said United Kingdom to any Parts beyond Sea, in any such Ship or Vessel, a greater Number of Persons, whether Adults or Children, including the Crew, than in the Proportion of one Person for every two Tons of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel; and every such Ship or Vessel shall be deemed and taken to be of such Tonnage or Burthen as is described and let forth in the reflective Certificate of the Registry of each and every such Ship or VefiU, granted in pursuance of the several Acts in force in Great Britain and Ireland respectively relating to such Certificates; and if any such Ship or Vessel shall be partly laden with Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, then it shall not be lawful for the Mailer or other Person having the Command or Charge of such Ship or Vessel, to receive or take on board a greater Number of Persons including the Crew, than in the Proportion of one Person for every two Tons of that Part of such Ship or Vessel remaining unladen; and such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize with which such Vessel may be partly laden, shall, at the Sight and under the Direction of the Collector or Comptroller, or other Officer of the Customs, at the Port or Place where such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be taken on board, be flowed, and disposed of in such Manner as to leave good, sufficient, and wholesome Accommodation for the Proportion of Persons hereby allowed in such Case to be received on board.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel shall take on board, or if he, or the Owner or Owners of any such Ship or Vessel, shall engage to take on board a greater Number of Persons than in the Proportion allowed by this Act, such Matter or other Person as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds for each and every such Person exceeding in Number the Proportion herein-before limited; and moreover every such Ship or Vessel so having on board, conveying, carrying, or transporting, one or more Person or Persons beyond the Proportion herein-before limited, shall be seized and detained by the Collector, Comptroller, Surveyor, or Officer of the Customs, until such Penalty or Penalties shall be satisfied and paid, or until such Mailer or other Person, or the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall give good and sufficient Bail for the Payment thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That every such Ship or Vessel bound to any Port or Place in North America* shall be stored and furnished with at least twelve Weeks' Provisions and good and wholesome Water, sufficient to afford an Allowance per Day during the Voyage, of not less than Half a Pound of Meat, ode Pound and a Half of Bread, Biscuit, or Oatmeal, with Half a Pint of Melasses, and one Gallon of Water, to each and every Person on board, whether Adult or Child; and the Mailer of or other Person having or taking the Command of such Ship or Vessel, is hereby directed and enjoined to give out to each and every Person on board at least the Allowance herein directed each and every Day of the Voyage, under the Pain of twenty Pounds of lawful Money aforesaid for each NtgleA or Omission; and any Person demanding a Clearance for any such Ship or Vessel which shall not be stored with Provisions and Water in Manner herein directed, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds for each and every Person for whom there shall not be a Quantity of Provisions and Water sufficient to afford the Allowance herein directed.

Vessels nut properly ttoied, 50l.

Before Clearance, a Mutter Roll shall be delivered to the Officer of the Customs. Penalty for la He Mutter,

50l. per Head.

Officer of the Customs, with a Justice, shall mutter the Passengers and Men before (.tiling, and may detain iheVef-l«T' till Bail be found, for Penalties incurred.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, before receiving a Clearance or Sufferance for any such Ship or Vessel, the Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command thereof, shall deliver to the Officer of the Customs from whom such Clearance or Sufferance shall be demanded, a Muller Roll, distinguishing the Passengers from the Crew, and specifying the Names, Age, and Sex of the Persons received or to be received on board, and the Conditions upon which Persons severally have been or are to be received on board, and the Place or Places to which such Persons have severally contracted to be carried or conveyed; and every Person delivering a false Muller Roll shall forfeit and pay for every Offence the Sum of fifty Pounds for each Person omitted, or falsely Hated or described therein; and it shall and may be lawful for the Collector, Comptroller, or Surveyor of the Customs of the Port or Place at which any such Ship or Vessel shall be cleared out, or in the Absence of such Collector, Comptroller, and Surveyor, the resident Officer of the Customs at the Port, together with any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace or other Magistrate, if such Justice or Magistrate can be found at such Port or Place, or within a convenient Distance thereof, and such Collector pr Comptroller, or such resident Officer, together with such Justice or Magistrate, is hereby directed and required to muster the Passengers and Crew on board every such Ship or Vesselimmediately before failing, and to compare the Persons found on board with the Persons specified and described in the said Muster Roll delivered by such Matter or other Person aforesaid, and to search and inspect every such Ship or Vessel; and if it shall appear that a false Muller Roll has been delivered, or if more Persons shall be found on board than in the Proportion herein allowed, or if the Ship or Vessel shall not be stored and provided with Provisions and Water sufficient to afford the Allowance herein directed, then it shall be lawful for such Collector or Comptroller of the Customs, or the principal Officer of the Customs, together with any such Justice or other Magistrate, to seize and detain such Ship or Vessel, and the Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command thereof, until he or the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall find good ana sufficient Bail, to the Amount of the Penalties

hereby

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 56. 753

hereby imposed for exceeding the Proportion of Persons to be received on board, as herein-before limited, and for demanding a Clearance for any such Ship or Vessel without being stored with Provisions and Water in Manner herein directed, and for delivering a false Muster Roll; and no Clearance shall be given by any Officer of the Customs, until the said Collector or Comptroller, Surveyor, or principal Officer of the Customs, together with until such Muf-such Just ice or Magi ft rate, shall have muttered the Persons on board, and shall have searched and inspected ter, &c.; acer-the Ship or Vessel, and Provisions and Water, in Manner herein directed; and if upon such Inspection the Copy Regulations of this Act shall be found to have been duly complied with, a Copy of the said Muster Roll so bc

delivered as aforesaid shall be certified by such Collector or Comptroller, or principal Officer of the Customs Martel*and the aforesaid, to be delivered to such Master or other Person aforesaid, and shall be prelcrved by him on board such Original pre-Ship or Vessel; and the original Muster Roll delivered by such Master or other Person as aforesaid, shall remain served at the and be preserved at the Custom-House where the Clearance or Sufferance is granted. Custom-Hvufe.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if upon any such Muster, or otherwise, any Passenger, or Any Passenger Person who has entered into any Contract or Agreement for such Voyage (other than the Crew of such Ship desirous ol'not or Vessel, ) shall signify to such Collector or Comptroller, or other Officer of the Customs, or to any Justice of proceeding on the Peace or other Magistrate, that he or she is desirous of being relanded, or of not proceeding on any such !bt Voyage may Voyage, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector, Comptroller, or other Officer of the Customs, and iiVv/ffeMty such Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate, and they are hereby empowered and required to take such justice,

Person out of the Ship or Vessel; and it shall be lawful to and for such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate,

and they are hereby empowered and required, to f«t any such Passenger free from his Engagement, referring to cither Party any legal Claim which may arise in consequence thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Passenger shall be received on board of any such Ship or Vessel, No Passenger unless at a Port or Place where a Custom-House shall be established, or Officers of the Customs shall be (lationed; be received and if any Passengers shall be taken on board any such Ship or Vessel at any other Port or Place, the Master .l, .oa, f|at

or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Shipor Vessel, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds; and such Ship or Vessel shall be seized and detained by any Officer of the Customs, until Custom* is not

such Penalty shall be paid, or such Master or other Person, or the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Ve(W, flailed;

shall find good and fumcient Bail for the fame. Penalty 500l.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no such Ship or Vessel carrying fifty Persons or upwards, including Vessvls carrying the Crew, shall be cleared out, unless such Ship or Vessel shall be provided with a Surgeon, who shall 5° Pci Tons (Kali produce to the Officer of the Customs required to give the Clearance or Sufferance, a Certificate of his having*; provte*d »*uh passed his Examination at Surgeons' Hall, in London, or at the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh or a ur^con* Dublin.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Surgeon shall have a Medicine Chest properly stortd with Every Surgeon

Medicines, in Proportion to the Number of Persons on board of such Ship or Vessel, of the Kind, and according A «il have a to the Assortment generally used and made for such Voyages on board of his Majesty's Ships of War; and Marine Chest before any such Ship or Vessel shall be allowed to be cleared out, every such Surgeon shall specify upon Oath, r

before the Collector or Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at the Port or Place from whence '

such Ship or Vessel is to be cleared out, the Contents of such Medicine Chest, and shall further make Oath

that the Medicines are of good and proper Quality, to the bed of his Knowledge and Belief, which Oath

such Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs is hereby required and empowered to administer; and the Affidavit of evenr such Surgeon shall be deposited and preserved in the Custom-House Penalty on not

where the Clearance or Sufferance of such Ship or Vessel shall be granted, and the Master or Owner of providing

every such Ship or Vessel failing to provide a Medicine Chest of the Description above mentioned, and ^d, c^eChtr*

every such Surgeon neglecting or refusing to make Oath as herein directed, shall forfeit and pay the Sum C. 5

of fifty Pound*.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Bedding of each and evci*y Passenger on board any such tSliip or Bedding shall be Vessel shall be aired by Exposure upon the Deck, when the Weather will permit, once a Day during the aircd a, (1 Vessel Voyage, and such Ship or Vessel shall be fumigated with Vinegar at lead twice in every Week during the

Voyage; and every such Master or other Person having or taking such Charge or Command shall forfeit 1

and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds for each Failure or Neglect in airing the said Bedding, or in fumigating the Ship or Vessel.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Clearance or Sufferance shall be granted to any such Ship or Vessel, Master and unless the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command thereof, and also the Surgeon

thereof, where a Surgeon is by this Act required, shall have given Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Sue- {['^ journals cessors, such Bond to be taken by and left in the Hands of the Collector or Comptroller, or other principal during the Officer of the Customs at the Port or Place from whence such Ship or Vessel shall be cleared out, in the Sum Voy-ge, of one hundred Pounds, with Condition that such Master or other Person having such Charge or Command as aforesaid, and such Surgeon, where a Surgeon is required, shall severally keep a regular and true Journal, containing an Account of the greatest Number of Persons which shall have been on board of such Ship or Vessel at the Time of her Departure, and at any Time during her Voyage, and until her Arrival at the Port of her Destination, and of the Provisions and Water on board, and of the Delivery of the daily Allowances thereof in Manner herein directed, and of the airing of Bedding, and of the fumigating the Ship or Vessel, and of the Deaths of any of the Passengers or Crew of the said Ship or Vessel, and of the Cause thereof, during the Voyage, from the first Departure of the said Ship or Vessel, to her Arrival at her Port of Destination; and and shall deliver such Master or other Person having or taking such Charge or Command as aforesaid, and such Surgeon, shall them on Oath to deliver such Journals to the Collector or other Officer as aforesaid, at the first Port of the United Kingdom p, ^of where such Ship or Vessel shall arrive after returning from such Port of Destination, and shall severally make on' Relurn \iom Oath to the Truth of their respective Journals, to the best of their Knowledge and Belief, before such Col- the Voyage; and 43 Geo. III. 5 D lc&or the Oilcct (kail

deliver to them Copies, and tr.Tnsmit Duplicates to the Commissioners of the Culfom*:

Penalty 100l.

M.ifters of Foreign VeflVls thall not have on board more than one Person for every five Tons Burthen;

Penalty 50l. per Head.

Act not to extend to Government Vessels,

Penalty on re-ianding Provisioiitf or Water, 200l.;

except in Proportion to Persons relanded.

Abstract of Act shall he hung up in every Custom House; and a Copy theief, and of the Muf-ter Roll, in every VefTci: Penally 20l.

Officers of Ships of War, &c. may call for Muster Rolls and fcaich Ships at Sea, and if the P10-visions of this Act have not been complied with, rnay seize and fend them to some Port.

Bond shall be given that Vessels are Seaworthy, and that

le&or or other Officer as aforesaid, \rho is hereby authorized and required to administer the said Oath; and such Collector or other Officer as aforesaid, shall deliver to stich Mailer or other Person as aforesaid, and to such Surgeon respectively, Copies of the Oaths of such Mailer or other Person as aforesaid, and such Surgeon, and also of the said Journals respectively, which Copies shall severally be attested as true Copies, under the Hand of such Collector or other Officer as aforesaid; and Duplicates of the said Copies, atteiled in like Manner, shall be transmitted by the said Collector or other Officer aforesaid, to the Commissioners of bit Majesty's Cuiloms in London, Edinburgh, or Dublin respectively, according as such Journal shall be delivered and such Oath shall be made, in England, Scotland\ or Ireland; and if such Mailer or other Person aforesaid, or Surgeon, shall act contrary hereto, such Mailer or other Person, and Surgeon, shall, for each and every such Offence, severally forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Mailer or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel, other than a British Ship or Vessel, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, clearing out from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom aforesaid, from and after the said first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, to have or take on board a greater Number of Persons, including the Crew, than in the Proportion of one Person for every five Tons of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel; and every such Ship or Vessel shall be deemed and taken to be of such Tonnage or Burthen as shall be ascertained by the Oath of the Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command thereof, taken before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at the Port from whence such Ship or Vessel shall be cleared out, which Oath the said Collector or Chief Officer is hereby authorized and required to administer; and it shall and may be lawful for such Collector or Chief Officer to muffer the Passengers and Crew, and to search and inspect every- such Ship or Vessel, and if more Persons shall be found on board than in the Proportion herein allowed, every such Mailer or other Person as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds for every Person so taken on board beyond the Proportion herein allowed, one Moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Half to such Collector or other Officer aforesaid, who is hereby empowered to seize and detain such Ship or Vessel, until such Penalties shall be paid.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to Ships or Vessels in the Service of his Majesty, or of his Majesty's Pollmaster General, or of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, or of the East India Company.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if, after any such Ship or Vessel shall have been cleared out, any Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall unship, reland, or permit or suffer to be unshipped or relanded, any Provisions or Water, such Mailer or other Person, shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Passenger or Passengers, who may be desirous not to proceed on such Voyage, shall be relanded, or shall not proceed in the Manner herein-before directed, then it shall and may be lawful for such Master or other Person aforesaid, to unship or reland under the Inspection of the Officer of the Customs at the Port or Place from whence such Ship or Vessel shall be cleared out, a Quantity of Provisions and Water not exceeding the Proportion sufficient for the Allowance of such Passenger or Passengers so relanded.

XV. And be it further enacted, That an Abstract of this Act shall be prepared by and with the Direction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively, and a Copy thereof shall be hung up in the CuHorn-House of every Port of the United Kingdom, and a Copy thereof, and a Copy also of thl iaid Muller Roll, shall be hung up and affixed to the moll publick Place of every Ship or Vessel carrying Passengers under the Regulations of this Act; and the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall cause the said Copies to be renewed, so that the same may be at all Times accessible to every Person on board of such Ship or Vessel, upon Pain that every such Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Vessel, who shall neglect to affix or renew the fame, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Captains and Officers commanding his Majesty's Ships of War or Revenue Cutters, who shall meet any such Ships or Vessels at Sea, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered and required to call for the said Muller Roll, and to search such Ship or Vessel; 'and if any more or other Persons shall be found on board than are specified in such Muller Roll, or if a Quantity of Provisions shall not be found on board sufficient to afford to each Person the daily Allowances herein directed during the Remainder of the Voyage, unless it shall appear that such Vessel has been detained on her Passage, after leaving the Port or Place at which the Passengers embarked, beyond the Time for which the Quantity of Provisions hereby required are directed to be provided, or if such Allowances shall not have been dealt out in the preceding Part of the Voyage in Manner herein directed, then in either of these Cases, such Captains or Officers may seize and detain such Ship or Vessel, until good and sufficient Bail shall be given at the Port or Place to which such Ship or Vessel may be carried by the Order and Direction of such Captains or Officers, who are hereby empowered to put Hands on board to take Charge of her for that Purpose; and if the State of such Ship or Vessel, and the Provisions on board thereof, will permit, it shall and may be lawful for such Captains or Officers to fend back such Ship or Vessel to the Port from whence she was cleared out, or otherwise to carry such Ship or Vessel into such Port as the State of the Provisions on board, or the Supply which such Captains or Officers can .afford, will permit.,

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no such Ship or Vessel shall be cleared out, unless the Owner or 0\vner3, or the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command thereof, shall have given Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, such Bond to be taken by and left in the Hands of the Collector or

Comptroller,

Comptroller, or other proper Officer of the Customs in the Port or Place from whence such Ship or Vessel shall Passengers ftull be cleared out, in an Amount equal to the Sum of twenty Pounds for each Passenger on board such Ship or Vessel, with Condition that such Vessel is Sea-worthy, and that every such Passenger, if alive, shall be landed aft ve, ed* the Port or Ports to which such Passenger shall have contrafted to be conveyed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officers of the Customs shall knowingly sign or give Penalty on out any Clearance or Sufferance for any such Ship or Vessel, contrary to the Regulations of this Act, Officer ut the every such Officer shall forfeit and lose his Employment, and shall also forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Customs (igmng Pounds/*1 Suffices

contrary to this Act, 501. &c.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Sum and Sums of Money, Penalties and Forfeitures in this Act mentioned and contained, shall be calculated and paid, and payable within Great Britain in lawful Money of Great Britain, and within Ireland in Iri/i Currency $ and that any Penalty or Forfeiture iuflifted by this Act may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or in the Court of Exchequer or in the Court of Session in Scotland, in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General for England or Ireland^ or his Majesty's Advocate for Scotland respectively, or in the Name of any Person or Persons whatsoever, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed j and in every Action or Suit the Person against whom Judgment shall be given for any Penalty or Forfeiture under this Act, shall pay double Costs of Suit; and every such Action or Suit shall and may be brought at any Time within three Years after the Offence committed, and not afterwards; and one Moiety of every Penalty to be recovered by virtue of this Act shall go and be applied to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person or Persons as shall first sue for the fame, after deducting the Charges of Prosecution from the Whole.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person taking any Oath by this Act authorized or required to be taken, shall thereby commit wilful Perjury, or if any Person shall unlawfully procure or inborn any Person to take any Oath by this Act authorized or required to be taken, whereby such Person shall commit wilful Perjury, every such Person shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as are by Law iuflifted upon Persons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury, or Subornation of Perjury, in Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

i Limitation of Actions for Things done in pursuance of this Act, three Months. — Venue in the County. — u General Issue. — Double Costs, §21.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, alter, or affect any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom now in Force in the United Kingdom, or within Great Britain or Ireland respectively, for the Restriction or Regulation of Artificers and others, from or in going or passing from any Part of the United Kingdom to Parts beyond the Seas, or to regulate the Ships or Vessels carrying and conveying such Artificers or other Persons whatsoever, or the Mailers or Commanders, or Persons having the Charge of such Ships or Vessels, but that all such Laws, Usages, and Customs, shall remain in full Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been had or made.

How Pena It ie* shall be paid and recovered.

Double Coil*.

Linvtation of Suits lor Penal-t e>, three Year*. Application of Penalties.

Penalty on Persons taking Lift* Oaths, or fub nning other* to take them.

A£fc shall not alter Law* respecting Artificers going Paits beyond the Seas.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for the better Protection of the Trade of the United Kingdom during the present Hostilitie* with France.

[24th June 1803.]

WHEREAS it will add to the Security of Trade, to prevent Ships failing without Convoy except in certain Cases; ' may it therefore please your Majesty tint it may be enacted, and be it 0acted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, it shall not be lawful for any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of lm Majesty's Subjects (except as is herein after provided) to fail or depart from any Port or Place whatever, unless under the Convoy and Protection of such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, as shall or may be appointed for that Purpose.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Vessel which shall fail or depart under the Protection of Convoy, shall and is hereby required to use his utmod Endeavours to continue with such Convoy during the Whole of the Voyage, or during such Part thereof as such Convoy shall he directed to accompany and protest such SVp or Vessel; ard shall not wilfully separate or depart therefrom upon any Pretence whatever, without Order 01 Leave for that Purpose from the Officer having the Command of such Convoy.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of any f-'ch Ship or Vessel which by this Act is required not to fail or depart without Convoy, shall, contrary to the Dirtftions contained in tins Act, fail or depart from any Port or Place whatever (except as herein after is provided), without such Convoy as shall he appointed for tint Purpose, or shall afterwards desert or wilfully f- p irate or depart f.oin such Convoy without Leave obtained from the Captain or other Officer in his Man.It\s Navy, «ntriitl*. 1 with the Charge of such Convoy, before such Ship or Vend irall have arrived at th.* iVrt or Place of her Dedication, or so far on her Voyage as Inch Convoy Audi K din sted to accompany ami prof, ft such Ship or Vessel, every such Mailer or other Person, having the Charge or Command of such Shin or Vessel, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of one thousaftd Pounds; and in caic the Whole or any Part of the jf 5 D 2 " Largo

Xo Britishi Vessel (except as in^6 — 1 c. 16.)

fail without Convoy.

Master* of Vessels fh i>! not foparac I mm Convoy without Leave.

Penalty on

Muller failing wi bout Convoy or lepa rating w», h ut J cave,

it o 1. 1 u \ n

VI 1 , 1 \ I \.11, 1

Mi c,

c.

7$6 C. 57. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Cargo of any such Ship or Vessel shall cotifift of Naval or Military Stores, every Matter or other Person, having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel so loaden with Naval or Military Stores, who shall fail or depart without such Convoy as aforesaid, or shall afterwards desert or wilfully separate or depart from such Convoy, without Leave obtained as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of one thousand Penalty may be five hundred Pounds: Provided nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for the Court, out of which the Record mitigated tosoU for the Trial of any Action or Suit for the Recovery of any such Penalty shall issue, to mitigate or lessen the same as the said Court in their Discretion shall think fit, having Regard to the Circumstances of the Case and the Value of the Ship and Caigo, so as by such Mitigation the Penalty be made not less than fifty Pounds.

Insurance on Vessel failing without Convoy, Ice. shall fcevuid with refjx^t to the Property of the Matter or Parties privy to the Offence; Penalty on settling or paying Lottes on such Policy, 200U

Vessels shall not be cleared outwards till Bond be given to the Collector not to fail without Convoy, Icc.

Exception*) Vessels not required to be 1 e-giftened — Vef-sets licensed by the Admiralty, Icc. — Vessels proceeding to join Convoy (except as so Clearance Bond) — Vessels failing from one PLcc to another in the Kingdom — Vessels of the

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Ship or Vessel shall fail or depart without Convoy, or shall afterwards desert or wilfully separate or depart from such Convoy, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, every Policy of Insurance or Contract or Agreement for any Insurance upon such Ship or Vessel, or upon any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize laden or to be laden on board thereof, or upon any Property, Freight, or other Interest arising out of the same, whereon Insurances may lawfully be made (and which shall be the Property of the Mailer or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel so failing without Convoy, or wilfully quitting the fame, or of any Person interested in such Ship or Vessel or Cargo, who shall have directed or have been any Way privy to or instrumental in causing such Ship or Vessel to fail without Convoy, or wilfully separating therefrom), shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes both at Law and in Equity, any Contract or Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding; and that nothing shall be recovered thereon by the Assured for Loss or Damage, or for the Premium or Consideration in the Nature of a: Premium which shall have been given for such Insurance; and if any Party to such Insurance, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, any Broker, Agent, or other Person, shall knowingly make or effect, or procure to be made or effected, or shall negociate or transact any Settlement upon such Insurance, or pay or allow in Account, or agree to pay or allow in Account or otherwise, any Sum or Sums of Money upon any Loss, Peril, or Contingency relative to any such Insurance, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, in Great Britain or Ireland, to permit or suffer any ShiporVessel, which is by this Act required not to fail or depart without Convoy, to be cleared outwards from any rort or Place in the United Kingdom to foreigrr Parts, until the Matter or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall have giveir Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with one sufficient Surety in the Penalty of the Value of such Ship or Vessel; which Bond shall be taken by the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs at such Port or Place, who is hereby authorized and required to take such Security, with Condition that such Ship of Vessel shall not fail or depart without Convoy contrary to the Directions contained in this Act, and shall not afterwards desert or wilfully separate or depart from such Convoy without Leave obtained from the Captain or other Officer in his Majesty's Navy entrusted with the Charge of such Convoy, before such Ship or Vessel shall have arrived at her Port or Place of Destination, or so tar on her Voyage as such Convoy shall be appointed to accompany and prote£l such Ship or Vessel.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, by which Ships oc Vessels are required not to fail or depart without Convoy, shall extend or be construed to extend to any Ship or Vessel which is not required to be registered by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on or immediately before the passing of this Act; or to any Ship or Vessel for which a Licence shall be granted to fail or depart without Convoy, either by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain> or by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or by such Person or Persons as shall be duly authorized by him or them, or any three or more of them for that Purpose 5 or to any Ship or Vessel proceeding with due Diligence to join Convoy from the Port or Place at which the same shall be cleaned outwards, in case such Convoy shall be appointed to fail from some other Port or Place, except never-thcless as to the Bond hereby required to be taken upon the Clearance outwards of such Ship or Vessel; or to any Ship or Vessel bound to or from any Port or Place within the United Kingdom to any other Port or Place within the same; or to any Ship or Vessel belonging to or hired by or in the Service or Employ of the United Company of Merchants 01 England trading to the East Indies, or the liudjm's Bay Company.

East India or Hudfun's Bay Company.

No Fee for Licences. Further Exceptions — Vessels failing from foreign Ports where Convoy is appointed, Icc.

Admiralty shall give Notice in the London and DubliriGazctrcs, and to the Commissioners of the Customs, thut

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Fee, Gratuity, or Reward, shall be demanded or received for any Licence granted in pursuance or under the Authority of this Act.

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Ship or Vessel fivling or departing without Convoy from any foreign Port or Place, nor to subject the Matter thereof, or any other Person, to any of the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, or Forfeitures hereby prescribed, directed, and imposed, in case there shall not be any Convoy appointed for such Ships or Vessels, nor any Person or Persons at such foreign Port or Place duly authorized by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, or any three or more of them, to appoint Convoys for such Ships or Vessels, or to grant Licences to such Ships or Vessels to fail or depart without Convoy.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, or any^ three or more of them, or such Person as shall be duly authorized by him or them, or any three or more of them, for that Purpose, to give Notice that all Matters and other Persons having the Charge or Command of any Ships or Vessels which are by this Act required not to fail or depart without Convoy, shall have on board their respective Ships or Vessels such Flags, Vanes, or other Materials as shall beoeccssary for the Purpose of

Z distin-

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 57. 757

distinffuishing such Ships or Vessels, and of enabling such Mailers or other Person* to answer the Signal or <hall

Signals made by the Captain or other Officer in his Majesty* Navy entrusted with the Care of such Convoy f cr

such Flags, Vanes, or other Materials to be provided by such Mailers and other Persons having the Charge and sign»U, without Command of any Ships or Vessels which are required by this Act not to fail without Convoy, which Notice which they shall shall be inserted in the London and Dublin Gazettes, and transmitted to the Commissioners of his Majesty's nu he cleared Customs in England, Ireland, and Scotland, in order to the same being by them sent to the principal Officers of oulwar<ij* the Customs at the several Ports, for the Information of the Persons concerned; and that after such Notice no such Ship or Vessel shall be cleared outwards until it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the proper Officer of the Customa, that the Ship is provided with such Flags, Vanes, or other Materials.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel which by this Act is required not to fail or enuHier depart without Convoy, shall be in imminent Danger of being boarded or taken Possession of by the Enemy, bonded by The the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship shall make Signals by firing Guns, or Enemy, shall otherwise, to convey Information of his Danger to the rest of the Convoy, as well as to the Ships of War make Signals, under the Protection of which he is failing; and that in case of such Ship being boarded and «'aken Puflef- a, ld> iwauled, (ion of, he shall destroy all Instructions confided in him relating to the Convoy; and every Matter or Person I

Laving the Charge and Command of such Vessel, who shall neglect to make such Signals, or shall wilfully omit Voy EenaJty to destroy such Instructions as before mentioned, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding theooll Sum of two hundred Pounds.

Commencement of Act as to Vessels failing from Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sari, or Man, 20th July;

M from any other Port in Europe, 20th August; West Indies or America, 20th September; Africa or Asia, 20th€ October 1803* §11."

XII. And be it further enacted, That one Moiety of all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures hereby imposed. Recovery and as far as the same relate to Ships or Vessels failing without Convoy, or wilfully separating or departing from Application of such Convoy, or to Insurances, shall, if sued for within the Space of one Year from the Time of any such ena c* Penalty or Forfeiture being incurred, be to Lit Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Cods of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform or foe for the same within the Time aforesaid; and which shall and may be sued for in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for Offence* committed in England, or at Sea, or in Parts beyond the Seas; and in the Case of Vessels faffing from any Port In Scotland, in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, for any Offences committed as aforesaid; and in the Case of Vessels failing from any Port in Ireland, in his Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, for any Offences committed as aforesaid, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and in Default of Prosecution within the Time herein-before limited, no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable, except in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney-General in England or Ireland, or Advocate in Scotland, by Information in the respective Courts aforesaid, in which Case the Whole of such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of his Majesty's Customs in England, Ireland, and Scotland respectively, for the Time being, and be appropriated and applied in the same Manner, and to the same Uses and Purposes in Great Brs* tain, as the Duties of Tonnage on Ships by any Act passed in this Session of Parliament mall be directed to be appropriated and applied; and in Ireland, shall go to and be deemed and taken as Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland

i His Majesty's Attorney-General h England and Ireland, and Advocate in Scotland, may flay Proceeding*

on Prosecutions, where they are satisfied no Fraud was intended, 913. Limitation of Actions for Matters M done under this Act, three Months. — Venue in the County. — General Issue. — Treble Costs, §14."

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Ship or Vessel employed in the Newfoundland Fishery, being wholly laden with Fish or other Produce of the said Fishery, or with Articles of the Growth or Produce of the said Island of Newfoundland, or Coast of Labrador, to fail or depart from any Port or Place within the said Island, or on the said Coast (except as herein after is provided), without being accompanied with or being under the Protection of Convoy, or without a Licence having been obtained authorizing such Ship or Vessel so to fail or depart.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to permit or allow any Ship or Vessel to fail or depart from the Port of Saint John's in the said Island of Newfoundland, without being under the Protection of Convoy, or without Licence being lirft obtained for that Purpose during the Time any Admiral or other Person duly authorized hv the Lord Hi^h Admiral of Great Britain, or by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, to grant Licences for permitting Ships or Vessels to fail or depart without being under the Protection of Convoy, shall be stationed or resident at the said Port of Saint John's.

Continuance of Act» during the present Hostilities with France, §17. Act may be altered or repealed this <4 Session, §18."

Vessels T.ideh wnhthcPiodgc* <! the Fishny at Ntwtoundhnd, &c. may fail without Convoy or Licence;

except f-om the P- >rt ol'Sainr John's, white a: iv Admiral. See. shall he flactioned there.

758 C. 58.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

Pfeifons in England or It eland who shall niali-cioull/ or

attempt to (hoot ar, or dial I flab or ( ut, with Intent to murder, rob, 01 maim. Jcc. any of liis Majesty's Subjects; or to prevent An efts ot Cnlpi its; or Ih ill ail mini ft cr l'oifoii (y* c. 2) or shall Jiialicioully let l'ire to any House, &c. shall be guilty ol Felony without Clergy.

When the kill-ing by Inch (tabbing, i\c\ is not Mutderby Law, the Parties indicted under this A.'i shall be acquitted.

Purishment of l'eifuns admi-mftering Medicines to v\ omen though not quirk with Cin!d, to procure Mi [carriage, Felony, punishable l«y lniprilbnii.et 01 Tiar.q o: l.i-tion.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for the further Prevention of malicious (hooting, and attempting to discharge loaded Fire- Arms, dabbing, cutting, wounding, poisoning, and the malicious using of Means to procure the Miscarriage of Women; and also the malicious setting Fire to Buildings; and also for repealing a certain Act, made, in England in the twenty-fird Tear of the late King James the Fird, intituled, An Act to prevent the destroyitig and tnurthering of Bajlord Children; and also an Act made in Ireland in the sixth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne> also intituled, An Act to prevent the'destroyitig and murthering of Bastard Children; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof.

[24th June 1803.]

WHEREAS divers cruel and barbarous Outrages have been of late wickedly and wantonly committed in divers Parts of England and Ireland, upon the Persons of divers of his Majesty's Subjects, either

with an Intent to murder, or to rob, or to maim, disfigure, or disable, or to do other grievous bodily Harm 1 to such Subjects: And whereas the Provisions now by Law made for the Prevention of such Offences have been found ineffectual for that Purpose: And whereas certain other heinous Offences, committed with Intent

to dellroy the Lives of his Majesty's Subjects by Poison, or with Intent to procure the Miscarriage of Women, or with Intent by burning to dellroy or injure the Buildings and other Property of his Majesty's

Subjects, or to prejudice Persons who have become Insurers of or upon the fame, have been of late also frequently committed, but no adequate Means have been hithetto provided for the Prevention and Punishment of such Offences; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, - by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons, from and after the fird Day of July in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and three, shall, either in England or Ireland, wilfully, maliciously, and unlawfully shoot at any, of his Majesty's Subjects, or shall wilfully, maliciously, and unlawfully present, point, or level any Kind of 4oa<ded Fire-Arms at any of his Majesty's Subjects, and attempt, by drawing a Trigger, or in any other Manner, to discharge the same at or against his or their Person or Persons, or shall wilfully, maliciously, and unlawfully dab or cut any of his Majesty's Subjects, with Intent in so doing, or by means thereof, to murder, or rob, or to maim, disfigure, or disable such his Majesty's Subject or Subjects* or with Intent to do some other grievous bodily Harm to such his Majesty's Subject or Subjects, or with Inteut to obstruct, refid, or prevent the lawful Apprehension and Detainer of the Person or Persons so dabbing or cutting, or the lawful Apprehension and Detainer of any of his, her, or their Accomplices for any Offences for which he, she, or they may respectively be liable by La\V to be apprehended, imprisoned, or detained; or shall wilfully, maliciously, and unlawfully administer to, or cause to be administered to or taken by any of his Majedv's Subjects, any deadly Poison, or other noxious and destructive Subdance or Thing, with Intent such his Majesty's Subject or Subjects thereby to murder, or thereby to cause and procure the Miscarriageof any Woman then being quick with Child; or shall wilfully, maliciously, and unlawfully set Fire to any House, Barn, Granary, Hop Oait, Malthouse, Stable^ Coach Hause, Outhouse, Mill, Warehouse, or Shop, whether such House, Barn, Granary, Hup Qaft, Majthouse, Stable, Coach House, Outhouse, Mill, Ware-house, or Shop, shall then be in the Possession of the Person or Persons so setting Fire to the fame, or in the Possefiionof any other Person or Persons, or of any Body Corporate, with Intent thereby to injure or defraud his Majesty or any of his Majesty's Subjects, or any Body Corporate, that then and in ever)' such Case the Person or Persons so offending, their Counsellors, Aiders, and Abettors, knowing of and privy to such Offence, shall be and are hereby declared to be Felons, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy: Provided always, that in case it shall appear on the Trial of any Person or Persons indited for the wilfully, maliciously, and unlawfully (hooting at any of his Majesty's Subjects, or for wilfully, irali-ciously, and unlawfully presenting, pointing, or levelling any Kind of loaded Fire-Arms at any of his Majesty's Subjects, and attempting, by drawing a Trigger, or in any other Manner, to discharge the same at or against liis or their Person or Persons, or for the wilfully, maliciously, and unlawfully dabbing or cutting any of his Majesty's Subjects with such Intent as aforesaid, that such Acts of dabbing or cutting were committed under such C ire inn dances as that if Death had ensued therefrom, the same would not in Law have amounted to the Crime of Murder, that then and in every such Case the Person or Persons so indicted shall be deemed and taken to be not guilty of the Felonies whereof they Avail be so indicted, but be thereof acquitted.

II. And whereas it may fometvnes happen that Poison or some other noxious and dedrudive Sub-

(lance or Thing may be given, or other Means uled, with Intent to procure Miscarriage or Abortion ' where the Woman may not be quick with Child at the Time, or it may not be proved that fhc

was quick with Child be it therefore further enabled, That if any Person or Persons, from and aft r the said fird Day of July in the said Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and three, shall wilfully and maliciously administer to, or cause to be administered to, or taken by any Woman, any Medicines, Drug, or other Subdance or Thing whatsoever, or (had ulc or employ, or cause or procure to be used or employed, any Instrument or other Means whatiuever, with Intent thereby to cause or procure the Mdcarriage of any Woman not being, or not being proved to be, quick with Child at the Time of administering such Things or using such Means, that then and m every such Cale the Person or Persons so offending, their CouniVlor*, Aiders, and Abettors, knowing of and privy to luck Offence, shall be and are hereby declared to be gubty o r Felony, and shall be liable to be fined, imprisontd, set in and upon the Pillory, publicity or privately vl.v-pcd, or to suffer 0.1c or more of the said Punishments, or to be trauiported beyond the Seas for any Term net cxccedin r fourteen Years, at the Diierctiou of the Court before which such Offender shall be tried and cou\i£u J.

759

A.D. 1803. CEORtni IU. C. 58, 59.

III. And whereas Doubts have been entertained respecting the true Sense and Meaning of a certain Act of Parliament, made in England in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King James the First, intituled, An Act to prevent the destroying and murthering of Bastard Children; and also of a certain other Act of Parliament, made in Ireland in the sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, also intituled, An Act to prevent the destroying and murthering of Bastard Children; and the same have been found

in sundry Cases, difficult and inconvenient to be put in rrafticefor Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of July in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and three, the said two several Acts, and every Thing therein contained, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed; and that, from and after the said first Day of July in the said Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and three, the Trials in England and Ireland respectively of Women charged with the Murder of any Issue of their Bodies, Male or Female, which being born alive would by Law be Bastard, shall proceed and be governed by such and the like Rules of Evidence and of Preemption as are by Law used and allowed to take place in respect to other Trials for Murder, and as if the said two several Acts had never been made.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Jury by whose Verdict any Prisoner charged with such Murder as aforesaid shall ht acquitted, to find, in case it shall so appear in Evidence that the Prisoner was delivered of Iifue of htr Jk>dy, Male or Female, which, if born alive, would have been Bastard, and that she did, by secret Burying, or otherwise, endeavour to conceal the IJirth thereof, and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Court before wffich such Prisoner shall have been tried, to adjudge that such Prisoner shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding two Years.*

CAP. LIX.

An Act for retnedying certain Defects rin the Laws relative to the building and repairing of, County Bridges, and other Works maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties in England. i .: [24th JW' 1803.]

WHEREAS the Inhabitants of Counties in that Part of the United Kingdom called England\ are

by Law bound to repair, support, and maintain the publick Bridges, commonly called County Bridges, within such Counties respectively, and the Roads at each of the Ends thereof for limited Distances; but the Laws empowering them so to'do are insufficient and defective: And whereas Doubts have arisen how

far the said Inhabitants are Liable to improve such Bridges when they are not sufficiently commodious for the Publick for Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King's7 most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawfulto and for the Surveyor of Bridges and other publick Works, in each and every County respectively Within that Part of the United Kingdom called England, appointed or to be appointed by the Justices at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such County, and the said Surveyor is hereby authorized and empowered to search for, take, and carry away Gravel, Stone, Sand, and other Materials, for the Repair of such Bridges and Roads at the Ends thereof, as the Inhabitants of Counties are bound to repair, and to remove Obstructions and Annoyances from such Bridges and Roads, in such and the same Manner as the Surveyor or Surveyors of any Common Highway within this Kingdom is or are, by an Act made and passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament the Statutes now in Ling for the Amendment and Preservation of the publick Highways within that Part of Great Britain call d England, and for other Purposs, authorized to do; and the several Powers and Authorities thereby vested in the Surveyor or Surveyors of Highways, as well for the getting of Materials as the preventing and removing of all Nuisances and Annoyances from such Bridges and Roads, shall be and the lame are hereby vested in the Surveyor and Surveyors of County Bridges, and the Roads at the Ends thereof as aforesaid; and the several Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things in the said Act contained, relating to Highways, shall be and the lame are hereby extended and applied, as far as the same are applicable, to such Bridges, and the Roads at the Ends thereof as aforesaid, as fully and effectually as if the lame and every Part thereof were herein repeated and re-enacted; the said Surveyor or Surveyors making Satisfaction and Compensation for all Trespass and Damage done in the Execution of the Powers of this Act, in such and the same Manner as the Surveyors of Highways are required to make in and by the said abovementioned Act of the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

II. And be it further enacted, That where any Bridge or Bridges, or Roads at the Ends thereof, repaired at the Expence of any County, shall be narrow and incommodious, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, at any of their General Quarter Sessions, to order and direct such Bridge or Bridges, and Roads, to be widened, improved, and made commodious for the Publick; and that where any Bridge or Bridges, repaired at the Expence of any County, shall be so much in Decay as to render the taking the same wholly down necessary or expedient, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, at any of their said General Quarter Sessions, to order and direct the same to be rebuilt, either on the old Scite or Situation, or on any new one more convenient to the Publick, contiguous to or within two hundred Yards of the former one, as to such Justices shall seem meet; and if, for the Purpose of altering the Situation, or of widening or enlarging any such Bridge or Bridges, Road or Roads as aLcresaid, it shall be necessary to purchase any Land or Ground, it shall and may be lawful for fucti County Surveyor or Surveyors, by and under the Direction of such Justices at their General Quarter Sessions as aforesaid, to set out and ascertain the fame, not exceeding

in

English Act,

21 Jac. 1. c. 27. and

Irish Act 6 Anns, C. 4. repealed.

Trials of Women for Murder of Baltards shall proceed as in other Cases of Murder.

Women acquitted of such Murder may, in C.ifeN of Concealment, b- impiiionid.

Surveyors of County B: ulg< 5, &c. in England, entj/owt-. t tl to oi l Malt rials 1- 1 the Repair of Bi iiEes, in the same Mannei a*

Surveyors of

Highways urder 13 G. 3. c.

Quartet ScfToni may widen and improve, or alter the Situation of County liiid^cs, &c.

Picfrntment ot' Insufficiency,C.

Tools and Materials provided by <hc Quarter Sessions vested in Che Survey or.

Inhabitants of Counties may sue for Damages done to Bridges, in the Name of $e Surveyor.

What Sort cd* Bridges Inhabitants of Coun-lies shall be ii-ahie to repair.

Orders respect-Ing County Bridge- in the County of York Diall be made at the Ea&er Seffiou*.

Act shall not extend toBridgcs repaired by Tenure.

C. 59. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

in the "Whole one Acre at any one such Bridge as aforesaid, and to contraA and agree with the Owner or Owners of fitch Land, and Persons interested therein, for the Purchase thereof, either by a Sum in Groft, of by an annual Rent, at the Option of such Owner or Owners; and if the said Surveyor or Surveyors cannot agree with the said Oy'ner or Owners for the Purchase thereof, or the Recompence to be made for the fame, or, by reason of such Owner or Owners not being to be found, shall be prevented from treating, then and ia every such Case the said Justices in their General'Quarter Sessions shall impannel a Jury, and aness the Compensation and Satisfaction for such Land, and for the Trespass and Damage to be done by the Execution of the Powers of this A A, in the same Manner as they are authorised and empowered to do by the said above-mentioned A A of the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in relation to Highways; and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Matters, and Things in the said Act contained, as well with respect to impannelling Juries, examining and swearing Witnesses, Payments of Expences, enabling Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, and other incapacitated Persons, to sell and convey, and all other the Powers and Provisions of the said Act, shall be, and the same are hereby extended and applied to the Works by this Act authorized to be done and performed, as far as the same are applicable, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were herein particularly repeated and re-enacted; provided that no Money shall be applied to the Amendment or Alteration of any such Bridge or Bridges, until Presentment shall have been made of the Insufficiency, Inconveniency, or Want of Reparation of such Bridge or Bridges, in pursuance of some or one of the Statutes made and nowin Force concerning publick Bridges.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all Tools, Implements, Timber, Bricks, Stones, Gravel, and other Materials, purchased, gotten, or had, or to be purchased, gotten, or had, by or by the Order of Justices in Counties, or the Surveyor of County Bridges for the Time being, or in any RespeA belonging to such Counties, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in such Surveyor for the Time being, in whom upon any Action or Indictment being commenced or prosecuted, such Property may be laid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Inhabitants of Counties shall and may foe for any Damages done to Bridges and other Works maintained and repaired at the Expence of such Counties respectively, and for the recovering of any Property belonging to such Counties, in the Name of their Surveyor, and also shall and may be sued in the Name of such Surveyor; and no Action or Prosecution to be brought or commenced by or against the Inhabitants of Counties, by virtue of this Act, in the Name of the said Surveyor, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Surveyor, or by the AA of the Surveyor, without the Content of the Justices at their General Quarter Sessions assembled, but the Surveyor for the Time being shall be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant tnluch Actions, as the Case may be 2 Provided always, that every such Surveyor in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this A A, shall always be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies in the Hands of the Treasurer of the publick Stock of such County respectively, all such Costs and Charges as he shall be put unto or become chargeable with by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein; and also all the Costs and Charges of prosecuting any Indictment or Indictments, or other Proceedings, against any Person or Persons whomsoever.

V. And, for the more clearly ascertaining the Description of Bridges hereafter to be erected, which ' Inhabitants of Counties shall and may be bound or liable to repair ana maintain be it further enacted, That no Bridge hereafter to be erected or built in any County, by or at the Expence of any Individual or private Person or Persons, Body Politick or Corporate, shall be deemed or taken to be a County Bridge, or a Bridge which the Inhabitants of any County shall be compellable or liable to maintain or repair, unless such Bridge shall be erected in a substantial and commodious Manner, under the Direction or to the Satisfaction of the County Surveyor, or Person appointed by the Justicec of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions assembled, or by the Justices of the Peace of the County of Lancaster, at their annual Genenu Sessions; and which Surveyor, or Person so appointed, is hereby required to superintend and inspeA the EreAion of such Bridge, when thereunto requested by the Party or Parties desirous of creAing the lame; and in case the said Party or Parties shall be dissatisfied, the Matter shall be determined by the said Justices respectively at their next General Quarter Sessions, or at their annual General Sessions in the County of Lancaster.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings made and had within the County of TVi, relative to County Bridges, shall in future be made and had by the Justices of the respective Ridings, assembled at the annual and General Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden the first whole Week after 1zaker, and at no other Sessions whatever within such Ridings, except at such Adjournment as shall be made at the above annual and General Quarter Sessions so holden as aforesaid, for the express Purpose of carrying such Orders made as aforesaid into Effect: Provided neverthelefo, that it shall and may be lawful for any two Justices of the said Ridings respectively, in Cases of Emergency, to give such Orders for making temporary Bridges, or such temporary Repairs as shall be necessary for the temporary Accommodation of the Publick.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to any Bridges or Roads which any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, is, are, or shall be liable to maintain or repair by reason of Tenure, or by Prescription, or to alter or affcA the Right to repair such Bridges or Roads.

Publick Act, $ 8"

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 60, 61. 761

CAP. LX.

An Act for remedying certain Defects that have occurred in the issuing of certain Exchequer Bills.

[24th June 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for raising an additional Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, it was amongst other Things provided, that such Exchequer Bills as were issued by virtue of the said Act should and might be signed by the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, or in his Name, by any Person duly authorized by the said Auditor to sign the fame,

with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, in Writing under their Hands, or of any three or more of them: And whereas Robert Jennings Esquire was duly authorized by the said Auditor, and approved by the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, so to sign the said Exchequer Bills to be issued by virtue of the said Act: And whereas several subsequent Acts for raising Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills have provided, that the Exchequer Bills to be issued under such Acts respectively might be signed by such Person as might be so authorized and approved as aforesaid, under and by virtue of each and every such Act respectively: And whereas the Authority of the said Robert Jennings has been

omitted to be renewed under each of the last mentioned Acts; but notwithstanding such Omission, the said Robert Jennings has continued to sign such Exchequer Bills as if the Authority given to him by virtue of tire said first-mentioned Act of Parliament had extended to all Exchequer Bills subsequently to be issued, and had not been confined to such Exchequer Bills as were issued under the said full-mentioned Act of Parliament: And whereas the Publick have had the Benefit of the Money raised by virtue of such Exchequer Bills, respecting the Validity of which Doubts may arise; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all such Exchequer Bills as have been issued by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament passed previous to the passing of the present Act, and which have been signed by the said Robert Jennings, in the Name of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be, and be deemed to be, and to have been, for all civil Purposes, Contrafts, and Engagements, as valid, and in as full Force to all Intents and Purposes, from the iirft issuing of the same, as if the same had been signed by the said Auditor; any Law, Statute, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice or affect, in any Manner whatsoever, any Prosecution now depending, or which may be hereafter commenced for or relating to any Act done previous to the passing of this Act, touching or concerning or relating to the said Exchequer Bills, or any of them, so as aforesaid signed by the said Robert Jennings in the Name of the said Auditor of his Majesty's Exchequer.

39 G-3-

Exchequer Bill* issued picviout to the puffing of* this signed by Rv.bc'i Jennings shall he as vtlii! as il finned, by the Auditor. Act shall not affect any Pi execution idating to such Exchequer Bills.

CAP. LXI.

An Act for the Relief of Soldiers, Sailors, and Marines, and of the Wives of Soldiers, in the Cases therein mentioned, so far as relates to England.

[24th June 1803.]

WHEREAS Soldiers and Marines, and Sailors, or Persons discharged from being such, having Occasion to return to their respective Homes or Places of legal Settlement in England, which are frequently at 4 a considerable Distance, are under the Necessity of soliciting Alms for their Relief: And whereas by such soliciting they have been, by and under an Act of the thirty-second Year of his present Majesty, intituled, 3* G. 3.C. 45:

4. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second\ intituled, 1 An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and

other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction, deemed Rogues and Vagabonds, within the Meaning of the said Act of the seventeenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and liable to

be punished accordingly For Remedy thereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be

it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and wfith the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Every Soldier or

every Soldier or Marine duly discharged out of any Regiment, and every Sailor duly discharged out of any ?ai, or> on carry.

Ship or Vessel belonging to his Majesty's Navy, carrying his Discharge by the third Day at the latest from the Date thereof, to the Mayor or Chief Magistrate of the City, Town, Port, or Corporate Place, nearest to Ihc nearest Chief

or within fifteen Miles from the Place wrhere he shall have received his Discharge, shall receive from such M^giftrau*. imli

Mayor or Chief Magistrate a Certificate under his Hand, stating the Place to which the Person so discharged receive a Certi*i

is desirous of going, being his Home or Place of legal Settlement, together with the Time to be fixed, not Set*

exceeding ten Days for every one hundred Miles, and so in Proportion, except for a reasonable Caute to be ^ucin"*whkST0"

expressed in tefch Certificate; and such Person having and producing to such Persons as shall lawfully demanding^i^hi*

to see the same such Discharge, and such Certificate as aforesaid, and being in his Route accordingly, both as Route, he shall

to Time and Road, shall not by reason of aflring Relief be deemed to be a Rogue or Vagabond within the f-»r -fleing

Meaning of the said Acts, or either of them: Provided always, that every such Discharge shall bear the true

Date, both as to the Time when and the Place where it w*as given, and shall express the Sum or Sums, if any, a aga*

which were paid to such Soldier or Sailor at such Time and Place.

II. 4 And whereas it frequently happens that where Regiments are ordered upon Foreign Service, the SoWi«rs*w, ve*

Wives of Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers being with their Husbands, arc not permitted to embark, , / '43 Geo. III. 5E 4 and KklhLSi"

762 C. 6r, 62. 43° GEORGII IIt. A.D. 1803.

Husbands,

shall leceive from the nearest Chief Magistrate a tike Certificate, which shall cnticlf them to afle Relief on their Route, &c.

New Certificates, in c afe of Accident or Sickness.

Paffei from Act-mir dty or War-Office shall have the same tffeA as heretofore.

and Having thereupon the like Occasion to return to their Homes or Places of legal Settlement, are under the like Necessity of soliciting Alms, and it is expedient that they also should be declared free and exempt from the Fihes and Penalties of the said Acts; be it further enacted, That the Wife of any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier ordered for Foreign Service, making due Proof of her not being permitted to embark with her Husband, before the Mayor or Chief Magistrate of the City, Town, Port, or Corporate Place, neared to or within fifteen Miles from the Place at which the Regiment to which the said Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier belongs is ordered to embark, or of any other City, Town, Port, or Corporate Place, at which the said Regiment shall happen to be on its March under Orders for Embarkation, shall receive from such Mayor or Chief Magistrate a Certificate under his Hand, and the Corporate Seal of such City, Town, Port, or Place, dating the Place to which die is difirous of going, being her Home, or Place of legal Settlement, together with the Time to be fixed, not exceeding ten Days for every one hundred Miles, and so m Proportion, except for a reasonable Cause to be expressed in such Certificate; and such Person having, and producing to such Person as shall lawfully demand the fame, such Certificate, and being in her Route accordingly both as to Time and Road, shall not, by reason of asking Relief, be deemed to be a Rogue or Vagabond within the Meaning of the said Acts or either of theirt.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of Accident or Sickness duly proved, which shall prevent the Person having such Certificate from proceeding on his or her Journey, according to the Terms prescribed therein, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chief Magistrate of any other City, Town, Port, or Corporate Place where such Person shall be, or shall arrive, to grant a new Certificate, Rating therein the true Reasons for granting the fame, and containing the like Provisioiw as are bcrcin-before described* and annex the same to the former Certificate.

IV. And be it further enacted, That Certificates or PafTes granted as heretofore from the Office of Admiralty or War-Office to discharged Sailors, Soldiers, or Marines, or to the Families of Sailors, Soldiers, or Marines serving abroad, or lately deceased, to carry them to their respective Homes, shall have the same Effect* and Force to all Intents and Purposes whatever as the Certificates herein permitted to be given by the Magistrate as aforesaid; and that the Terms of the same may be extended in each Instance which shall appear to require it by a new Certificate from another Magistrate in Manner herein-before mentioned.

f r. 76 for

Ireland.']

His Majesty may direct private Militia Men being Seamen, who shall agree to enter into the Navy, to be discharged.

Not more than one Tenth shall be so discharged at once; Certificates whereof shall be trans-xnmed the Admiralty.

Volunteers may Ik from Tirttt to

CAP. LXII.

An Act for transferring to the Royal Navy such Seamen as are now serving in the Militia of Great Britain.

[24th June 1803.]

WHEREAS in the present Conjuncture it is expedient to transfer to the Service of the Royal Navy, such Seamen as are now serving in the Militia of Great Britain; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty from Time to Time to authorize and direct the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company of Militia of Great Britain, from Time to Time to discharge any Number of private Men fenring in any such Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company, being Seamen, as shall desire their Discharge for the Purpose of entering, and shall have agreed to enter, into the Royal Navy; and every such private Man, on due Proof and Examination on his Oath before any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where such Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company shall be quartered or placed ^which Oath every such Justice ia hereby authorized and required to administer), as well as in regard to the Time of his Service at Sea, as to other Circumstances necessary to satisfy such Colonel or other Commandant of the Fa& of such Service, shall, when and after having been examined by such Sea Officer or Sea Officers as shall be appointed for this Service, if approved of by him or them, be discharged from the Militia, and delivered over to such Sea Officer or Sea Officers, and enrolled in his Majesty's Naval Service; and every such Man so discharged as aforesaid, on so engaging to serve in the Navy, shall be liable to serve therein during the Continuance of the present War, and for the Space of three Calendar Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace between Great Britain and the Republick of Frunccy if the Ship on board which such Person shall ierve shall be in any of the Ports of Great Britain^ or otherwise for the Space of six Calendar Months next after the Arrival of such Ship in such Port.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company of Militia, shall not at any one Time discharge, or cause to be or-have discharged in pursuance e£ this Act, from the said Service of the Militia into the Navy, more in Number than one inten of all the private Men then enrolled in the said Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company, unless or until other Men, according to the Directions of this Act, in the Proportions herein after specified, shall be raised and enrolled in the Room of the private Men before discharged; and that whenever such Colonel or other Commandant shall have discharged from his Regiment, Battalion, Corps, cr Independent Company, such Proportion of one inten of Men enrolled as aforesaid, he is hereby required to cause Certificates of the Number of Men so discharged who shall respectively have been enlisted or entered in the Navy, signed by himself and by the Adjutant of such Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company, to be transmitud to the Office of the Admiralty; and every such Certificate shall contain the Names of the Men so discharged, and of the Officer or Officers of the Navy to whom they shall respectively have been delivered.

III. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty's Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants respectively of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place to which the Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company

from

A.D. 1803. 43 GEORGII III. O.62.

From which fi!ch private Men shall be discharged doth belong, and also the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company, and every other Commissioned Officer duly authorized by the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company, shall be and each of them is hereby empowered, by Beat of Drum or otherwise, to raise Volunteers, from Time to Time, to be enrolled as private Men in such Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company, in the Room of such private Men as shall from Time to Time have been difehavged in pursuance of this Act; and that the Colonel or other Commandant, whenever the Number of private Men so discharged shall be replaced by new Recruits, shall and he is hereby required to certify the lame by Writing under his Hand to the Secretary at War, to he laid beforfe his Majesty; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Colonel or other Commandant thereupon, and upon receiving the Directions of his Majesty for that Purpose, to proceed to discharge such further Number of private Men, being Seamen, as shall desire their Discharge, in Manner and for the Purpose herein-before directed, so as not to exceed the Proportion aforesaid, and which Men so discharged shall and may, from Time to Time, be replaced in the Manner before directed; and the said Colonel or other Commandant shall continue from Time to Time to discharge all such private Men as shall be desirous of their Discharge as aforesaid, until all the Seamen desirous of entering into the Navy shall have been discharged for that Purpose, in the Manner before mentioned; and all private Men so discharged and entering into the Navy shall be entitled to the usual Allowance of Bounty paid to Men of their Description entering in the Royal Navy.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Volunteers who shall be raised and enrolled as private Men h any such Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company, to supply the Place of those so discharged, shall be entitled to the same Allowance of Bounty, Subsistence Money, Arms, and Cloathing, as the other private Men of the Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company; and that the Colonel or other Commandant shall, from Time to Time, as he shall find moll convenient, or as shall be required, certify to his Majesty the Number of Volunteers who shall have been so raised and enrolled a3 private Men as aforesaid, Until the whole Number of discharged Men shall be replaced; and that all Persons who shall engage to serve as private Men as aforesaid in pursuance of this Act, shall be enlisted to serve for the same Period as other Substitutes and Volunteers enrolled for Service in the Militia; and all Vacancies thereafter arising in respect of any such Men, shall be supplied by the respective Parishes, Township, and Places, for which the Men so discharged were originally enrolled.

V. And be it further enacted, That for every Seaman discharged from any Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company of Militia, in pursuance of this Act, the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company, shall be entitled to receive in the Manner herein after mentioned, the Sum of ten Guineas, to be applied in providing other private Men to replace the Number so discharged; and the Officer of the Navy, or Person appointed to receive any Man so discharged who shall enter into the Service of the Navy, shall respectively deliver to the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company from which such Men were discharged, a Certificate under the Hand of such Officer of the Navy, specifying the Names of the Men so discharged, and the Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company of Militia, from which every such Man was discharged; which Certificate shall be attested by the Commanding Officer or Adjutant of the said Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company of Militia; and such Certificate being transmitted to the Receiver of the Land Tax of or for the County, Riding, or Place, if in England\ or the Receiver General in Scotland\ if in Scotland, to which the Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company aforesaid doth belong, ffiaH entitle such Colonel or other Commandant to the Payment of the Sum of ten Guineas for every Man specified in such Certificate, to be applied for the Purposes before mentioned; and every such Receiver shall be and is hereby empowered and required, on Demand made, and Production and Delivery of such Certificate, to pay the said Sums out of any Monies in his Hands of the publick Rates, Taxes, or Assessments, taking the Receipt of such Colonel or other Commandant; and all Sums so paid on account of the Men entered in the Navy, shall be carried to the Account of the Treasurer of the Navy, and upon Production and Delivery of such Certificates and Receipts at the Navy Office, shall be immediately duly paid by such Treasurer of the Navy to such Receiver General of the Land Tax advancing the fame, or to his Order.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Militia Men now serving in the Royal Navy shall continue to serve therein, and the Vacancies and Deficiencies occasioned or remaining in the Militia of any County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, by reason of any Man or Men so serving as aforesaid, shall, on the Receipt of a Certificate signed by the Commanding Officer of the Ship or Vessel on board of which any such Man shall be so serving, (which Certificate such Commanding Officer is hereby required to transmit to the Clerk of the General Meetings of Lieutenancy of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, to the Militia of which any such Man or Men shall belong, ) be filled up and supplied by such Deputy Lieutenants, or the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, or Independent Company of Militia of any such County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place; and such Sums of Money paid for providing Men to supply such Vacancy and fill up such Deficiencies, and such Bounties paid to such Men, and under and subject to such Regulations, Fines, and Penalties as is herein-before directed in relation to the supplying any Vacancy, or providing any Men in the Discharge of any Stamen from the Militia under this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person being enrolled in his Majesty's Naval Service by virtue of this Act, shall desert such Service, or being actually entered in such Service, shall lift himself in any Company, Troop, or Regiment in his Majesty's Military or Marine Forces, without first having a Discharge in Writing from the said Commissioners of the Admiralty, or such Officer or Officers as shall be duly authorized by them for that Purpose, or Audi strike or use any Violence against any Officer or Officers under whose

5 £ 2 Command

763

Tims* raised in Room id Men fa d.ichurged,

P*Hinty to Mm' (n filtering for the Navy.

Such Volunteer* to be entitled ta the usual Bounty, Sec.

Time of Service.

Supplying

Vacancies.

For every Seaman dise harped, the Commandant (h ill be entitled to ten Guineas for providing another Man, on trans-raitting a Certificate from the Officer receiving the Men, to tho Receiver of the Land Tax, vha shall be repaid by iheTreafu er of the Navy.

Militt.i Men the Navy shall Continue to fervn, and their Vacancies shall be fil'ed up, Srr. as if orcationed by Difcb uge.

If any Pe»f* r. Cm emolled in the Navy shall 11-fert, btc or strike any 05-rer, or thfubey

nM

Command, &c.

shall suffer Dc.-ub, &c.

Peifursf so enrolled fufyw<5led of Desertiun, nwy be apprehended, and committed to Prison, and an Account sent to the Admiralty.

Gaoler shall receive Sub-lift ence, but no Tee.

Reward for apprehending Dclerteis, 20s.

Penalty for harbouring or affixing Deserteis, 10l. by Distress.

Application of Penalty.

If Penalty be not paid, three Month*' Impri-'fonirfenr.

In case of the Loss of any such Ship, where the Co cum (lances

C. 6'2, 63. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Command he shall be put, (such Officer or Officers being in the Execution of his or their Duty, ) or shall difbbey any lawful Command of such Officer or 0|ficers; all and every Person or Persons so offending on Shore in Great Britain, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court Martial shall be inflicted; and such Person or Persons being apprehended, or in Custody for such Offence, shall and may be conveyed on board any of his Majesty's Ships of War in Commission at any of the Ports of this Kingdom, and may be there detained and tried for such Offence, in such Manner and by such Court as if such Offence had been committed on board or from on board such Ship of War.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Constable, Headborough, or Tything Man of the Parish, Town, or Place, and he is hereby required, where any Person enrolled by virtue of this Act, who may be reasonably fufptfted to be such a Deserter, shall be found, to apprehend or cause him to be apprehended, and to cause such Person to be brought before any Justice of the Peace living in or near such Town or Place, who is hereby empowered and required to examine such Person, and if by his Confession, or the Testimony of one or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice of the Peace, it shall appear or be found that such Person is a Person duly enrolled in his Majesty's Naval Service by virtue of this Act, such Justice of the Peace shall forthwith cauie him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found, or to the House of Correction, or other publick Prison in such Town or Place where such Deserter shall be apprehended, or to the Savoy in case such Deserter shall be apprehtnded within the Cities of London or IVefminder, or Places adjacent, and transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being, to the end such Person may be proceeded against according to Law; and the Keeper of such Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison, shall receive the full Sub-fjstence of such Deserter during the Time he shall continue in his Custody, for the Maintenance of such Deserter, but shall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward on account of the Imprisonment of any such Deserter; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. ' And, for the better Encouragement of any Person or Persons to secure and apprehend such Deserter, ' be it further enacted, That such Justice of the Peace shall also issue his Warrant, in Writing, to the Collector or Collectors of the Land Tax Money of the Parish, Township, or Place, where such Deserter shall be apprehended, for paying out of the Land Tax Money arisen or to arise in the Year One thousand eight hundred and three, into the Hands of such Person or Persons who shall apprehend or cause to be apprehended any such Deserter from his Majesty's Service, the Sum of twenty Shillings for every such Deserter that shall be so apprehended and committed; which Sum of twenty Shillings shall be satisfied by such Collector or Collectors to whom such Warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon his or their Account.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal, or aftift any Deserter from his Majesty's said Naval Service, knowing him to be such, every such Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of ten Pounds, and upon Conviction by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, the said Penalty shall be levied by Warrant under the Hands of the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, one Moiety of the said Penalty to be paid to the Informer by whose Means such Deserter shall be apprehended, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Officer to whom any such Deserter did or doth belong, to be credited by him in his Accounts; and in case any such Offender who shall be convicted as aforesaid of harbouring or assisting any such Deserter or Deserters, contrary to the Intent of this Act, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Distress may be made to the Value of the Penalty recovered against him for such Offence, or shall not pay such Penalty within four Days after such Conviction, then and in such Case such Justice or Justices shall and may, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of three Months.

" The Men inrolled under this Act may be quartered as the Marines, §11.*

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty* Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating the Manner in which the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, shall hire and take up Ships for their regular Service; to continue until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six.

[24th June 1803.]

Recital of §1. of Stat. 39 Geo. 3. c. 89. directing that East India Company should employ no Ships but such as should be contrafted for, for fix Voyages — and also §5. of said Statute, providing that if a regular u Ship be loft or captured before the Completion of her fifth Voyage, the Directors, on a full Investigation,* might agree with the Owners to build another Ship

And whereas Cases may occur in which Ships may be loft, and all on board may unfortunately perifty

and the Occasion of such Loss, and all the Circumstances relating thereto, may remain wholly unknown and

unaccounted for; and Doubts have arisen whether, in such Casts, the Court of Directors may lawfully agree ' with the Owners of such Ship to build another Ship for the Service of the said United Company, instead of the Ship so loft; and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed; be it therefore enacted and declared, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cases of the Loss of &ny regular Ship as above described, which, since the twentieth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-lix, hath been engaged in the regular Service of the said United Company, or which

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 63, 64.

now is or hereafter shall be engaged in the said Service for fix Voyages, before the Completion of her fifth Voyage, it was and is lawful to and for the said Court of Directors to agree with the Owners of such Ship so loft to build another Ship for the Service of the said Company, of the same Class, instead of the Ship so loft, in such Manner, and subject to such Terms, as in the said recited Act are mentioned: Provided always, that the Impossibility of inquiring satisfactorily into the Loss of such Ship from all on board having perished, and the Occasion and Circumstances relating thereto being wholly unknown, shall be first decided on by eighteen Directors at the least at a Court specially assembled for taking the same into Consideration; and provided also, that such Vote or Resolution 01 the Court of Directors shall be reported to a General Court of Proprietors, and approved by three Parts in four of the Proprietors, in Manner and Form as directed by the said recited Act.

II. And whereas it has been found that Ships may be repaired, and made fit to perform more than six Voyages to and from the East Indies in the Service of the said United Company, and it will tend to the Advantage of the said Company, and to lessen the Consumption of Ship Timber, if the said Company shall hire and take up Ships fit to serve them for such additional Voyage or Voyages, beyond the Number for which they have been or may be originally

contrafted to serve the said Company, as shall not, together with those previously performed, exceed in the whole eight Voyages; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Directors of the said United Company, on a publick Advertisement with four Weeks* Notice, to receive Tenders for any Ship or Ships which have been or may be engaged in the Service of the said United Company, and to hire and take up such Ship or Ships for one or more Voyage or Voyages to and from the Enjl Indies, in the Service of the said Company, beyond and after the Performance of the Number of Voyages for which any such Ship or Ships respectively have been or shall be contrafted to serve the said Company; provided that such Ship or Ships shall be fit, or can be repaired and made fit, to serve the said Company for such additional Voyage or Voyages, and the lowed Tender to be always accepted: Provided always, that the Freight to be paid for any such Ship or Ships to be taken up for any additional Voyage or Voyages to be performed after the Expiration of the Number of Voyages for which such Ship or Ships respectively shall have been contrafted for to serve the said Company shall not exceed the Rate of Freight paid for such Ships respectively, under their respective original Contrafts, unless the Average Amount of the Freights to be paid for the Ships of a similar Description taken up to serve the said Company for fix Voyages at least, under the last Advertisement, under which any Ship or Ships shall have been taken up to serve the said Company for fix Voyages at least immediately before the Receipt of the Tenders of Ships for an additional Voyage or additional Voyages, shall exceed such Rate, in which Case the Freight to be paid for Ships to perform any additional Voyage or Voyages may be extended to the said Average Amount of Freight, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that in all Cases of Ships taken up under the Authority of the said recited Act or of this Act, all the Provisions and Directions contained in the said recited Act shall be adhered to, and performed, in the same Manner as in the said recited Act is mentioned and directed, so far as they shall be applicable to the Case.

Continuance of Act, 25th March 1806. — May be repealed, EsV. §3."

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other trading Ships and Vessels, during the present Hostilities.

[24th June 1803.]

4 T^OR the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on board 4 X. Merchant Ships and other trading Ships and Vessels during the present Hostilities, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of the present Hostilities, and no longer, except in respect to such Merchant Ships and other trading Ships or Vessels which shall be on their Voyage before the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, who shall be and are hereby allowed the Liberty and Benefit of returning Home navigated in the Manner as herein after is provided, it shall and may be lawful for any Merchant Ship, or other trading Ship or Vessel, to be navigated by Foreign Seamen or Mariners, not being Natives of Great Britain or Ireland, or of any of the Colonies or Plantations thereto belonging, or his Majesty's natural or naturalized Subjects, so as the Number of such Foreign Seamen do not exceed three Fourths of the Mariners at any one Time employed to navigate Cuch Merchant Ship, or other trading Ship or Vessel, and that one Fourth at least of the Mariners or Seamen so employed be at all Times Natives, or his Majesty's naturalized Subjects of Great Britain or Ireland (hidden Death and Hazard and Casualty of War and the Seas saved and excepted), one Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for tlx encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, or any other Statute or Law, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to take away or restrain the Effect of any such Royal Proclamation as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, are empowered to make by virtue of an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of IVar, and on board Merchant Ships and other trading Ships and Privateers.

765

cannot be known, the Diieftors empowered to agree for rebuilding in Terras of the recited Act, &c.

Directors empowered to hire and take up Ships for an additions! Number of Voyage*.

Duting the pne-sent Hostilitie*, Merchant Ships may be negated by Cretft whercot three Fourths a c Foreign Seamen and oiv*- Fou th British Subjects, &c.

I2-C. 2. C. l8.

Act shall not retrain any Proclamation under 13 Geo. 1. c. 3.

766

43° GEORGII III.

Tht Premise* h rein «iefci ihtd vested in Truf-toes fur ihe Ownets, unci! their Interestg therein shall be determined, and the Turchafe Money paid.

*7 C. 3. r. 13.

C. 65 — 68.

CAP. LXV.

l.D.iBoj.

An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Lands and Hereditaments, at Charlton in the County of Kent, for further promoting the Service of his Majesty's Ordnance.

[24th June 1803.]

" The Preamble recites the Statutes 42 Geo. 3. c. 89. and 43 Geo. 3. c. 35. and that it is necessary for the Service of his Majesty's Ordnance at Woolwich, (till further to extend and enlarge the Premises occupied and employed in the said Service, and for that Purpose to purchase such other Premises for the Use of the said Scr- vice.' It is enacted, That all that Piece or Parcel of Waste Land, containing by Admtafurement one hundred and two Acres and fix Perches or thereabouts (be the same more or iefs), commonly called Charlton Common, situate in the Parish of Charlton in the said County of Kent, and being Part of the Waste Lands of or btlong-ing to the Manor of Charlton, and which said Piece of Waile Land or Common is abutted and bounded on each of the three Sides thereof as follows; that is to say, on the north Side by Land belonging to Lady Wilson and Sir Thomas Maryan W'tlfon; on the south-west Side by the Turnpike-Road leading from London to Dover; and on the south-east Side by Woolwich Common and a publick Road leading from Eli ham to Woolwich; and all Estates, Rights, and Interests, Claims, and Demands whatsoever, of any Person or Persons in, upon, over, or out of the same (other than and except all ancient and accustomed Highways, Roads, Paths, Passages, and Watercourse8 upon, over, in, or through the fame, and particularly a certain Watercourse which runs from the said Turnpike Road leading from London to Dover, across or through the said Piece of Waste Land or Common, into the Park belonging to the said Lady Wilson and Sir Thomas Maryan Wilson, and is principally used for supplying the said Park with Water, and which said Watercourse is to be kept open and in Repair by the Owners of the said Common for the Time being forever, for the Purpose aforesaid), shall be, and the same are hereby verted in the said Charles Abbot, Sir Edward Knatchbull, and Fdmer Honey woody and their Heirs'44 In 44 Trull for the Owners, &c. as under §1. of c. 35. of this Session. The other Provisions of this Act are exactly limilar to those of §2, 3, 4. of the said c. 35."

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Lands and Hereditaments at Ureedon Beck, in the County of Northampton, for erecting Buildings thereon for the Service of his Majesty's Ordnance.

[24th June 1803.]

[The Provisions of this Act arefimilar, in all Respe3s, to those in St at. 42 Geo. 3. c. 89.3

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for raising the Sum of twelve Millions by way of Annuities. C*4th June 1803.]

Every Contributor of one hundred Pounds shall be entitled to eighty Pounds three per Cent. Consols from fifth July, and eighty Pounds three per Cent. Reduced from fifth April 1803, and to a further Annuity of six Shillings and Pivepence for fifty-six Years and nine Months from said fifth ApriU §1. Treasury may remit to Ireland Part of the Loan, not exceeding two Millions, §19. Persons counterfeiting Receipts for Contributions, &V. guilty of Felony, §25. See 41 G. 3. (£/. K.) c. 3. §24. Bank shall continue a Corpo- ration till the Annuities hereby granted cease, §26."

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof. % E24th June 1803.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intiVV tuled, An Act for repeating the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the publick jRevenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer y for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt, the Duties of Customs were amplified and consolidated: And whereas many new and additional Duties of Customs have been from Time to Time granted fmee the passing of the said Act, and which, for the better ascertaining the annual Produce and Appropriation thereof, have been kept distinct, and carried to separate Accounts, both in the Receipt thereof and in his Majesty's Exchequer; and the Computation of the Duties of Customs has thereby again become complicated ana intricate: And whereas it is expedient for the affording Facility and AccommOdation to mercantile Transactions, that the several Duties of Customs now payable, (except as is herein after provided, ) Should be again consolidated: And whereas it is necessary for carrying into Execution the Purposes aforesaid, that all such Dut'es Should cease and determine, and that other Duties of Customs Should be granted in lieu thereof: And whereas it will greatly simplify the keeping the publick Accounts of the Revenue of Customs, if the Duties were received and accounted for in one Sum, and carried only to one Account in the Exchequer, and that separate Accounts for ten Years from the respective Periods at which any of the said Duties were granted, Should 110 longer be kept, but that in lieu thereof Accounts shouldbelaid J 4 before

C. 6S

767

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

1 before Parliament for such respective Periods as aforesaid of the Produce of such Duties, -as far as the same can be ascertained : ' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, all and singular the Subsidies, Customs, Impositions, or Duties whatever (respecting the Revenue of Customs), payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on or immediately before the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, upon the Importation or Exportation respectively of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize into or from Great Britain, or upon any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize being brought or carried coastwise, or from Port to Port within Great Britain, or upon any Ship or Vessel, according to the Tonnage thereof (except as herein after is provided), entering or clearing outwards or inwards, at any Port within Great Britain, and the several and respective Drawbacks allowed upon the Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize from Great Britain, and also all the additional Imports or Duties charged upon the Product and Amount of the said several Duties of Customs, shall cease and determine, save and except m all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may, on the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, remain unpaid, or to any Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, wliirh shall have been incurred at any Time before the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or any wife alter the Duties of Package, Scavage, Baillage, or Portage, or any other Duties payable to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or to the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or to any other City or Towa Corporate within Great Britain, or to repeal or any way3 alter the Prisage of Wine, the Duty called Butlerage, or any other special Privilege or Exemption, to which any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, is or are now entitled by Law, but the same shall be continued as heretofore.

IJ. 'And whereas it is necessary that other Duties of Customs should be granted to your Majesty in lieu of the Duties repealed by this Act we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, have therefore given and granted to jrour Majesty the several Duties of Customs herein after mentioned; and do humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, in lieu and (lead of the Subsidies and Duties of Customs hereby made to cease and determine, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in ready Money, (except as herein after is provided, ) without any Discount whatever, upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imported and brought into Great Britain from Parts beyond the Seas, and upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize exported from Great Britain, and upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize brought or carried coastwise, or from Port to Port within Great Britain, and upon Ships or Vessels according to the Tonnage thereof, entering outwards or inwards at any Port within Great Britain, the several Duties of Customs, as the same are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in Figures in the Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked A., B., and C., and that there shall also be paid or allowed the several Drawbacks of the said Duties of Customs, as the same arc also respectively inserted, described, and set forth in Figures in the said Schedule and Tables marked A., B., and C.; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Ill- 4 And whereas Duties are by this Act granted on Pearls, and on Emeralds, Rubies, and all other precious Stones and Jewels, except Diamonds, ' be it therefore enacted, That the same shall, after the said mth Day of July, be regularly entered at the Custom-House, and landed in the Presence of the proper Officer, in like Manner as any other Goods on which any Duties are granted by this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or alter any of the Provisions contained in two Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, the one made in the Parliament of Great Britain in the thirty*ninth and fortieth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, and the other made in the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, or any other Act or Acts in force on or immediately before the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, by which any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imported from Ireland into Great Britain, or any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize exported from Great Britain to Ireland, are respectively made to remain liable to, or are charged with or exempted from any Duties of Customs, whether countervailing or others, or by which any Drawbacks or Bounties are allowed or given in respect of any such Goods, Warcs, or Merchandize.

44 Ad shall not repeal or affect the Duties on Vessels under the London Port Ad, 39 Geo. 3. c. lxix., or the Quarantine Ad, 39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 80. — §5."

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That Fish of every* Kind or Sort whatever of British Taking and Curing, caught or taken in any Part of the Ocean by the Crews of any Ships or Vessels built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, or Man, or in any of the Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories, which now belong, or at the Time of building such Ships or Vessels did belong, or which may hereafter belong to or be in the Possession of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and wholly belonging to and ow*ned by his Majesty's Subjects, and navigated and regdWrcd according to Law, shall and may be imported into Great Britain in Ships built, owned, navigated, and regi.tcredas; .foresaid, without Payment of any I)uty of Customs whatever; any Thing in this Act or any other Act or Acts to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, That before such Fish shall be admitted to Entry, the Master or other Person having the Command of the Ship or Vessel in which such Fish shall be imported, shall make Oath before

the

The present Duties of Customs and Drawbacks shall cease.

Act shall not extend to Duties ot Package, ice. in London, nor to Prisage or But-lerage.

[Seepofti e. r 56. as to (hr/, latter.}

Duties and Drawbacks in Schedule and Tables annexed, shall be levied and allowed in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks.

Jewels shall be entered and landed as other Goods.

Act shall not repeal or alter Privisions of Union &c. berween Great Britain and Ireland iefpe<fiing Duties on Goo«: s imported or expelled.

Fish of* Bt ilish Taking and Ciiw rrng, raught by the Citwi of Vessels built in-Gieat Bi ilaiu, Ireland, tec. and navigated and reg titered according to Lawv may be imported Duty free. Master shall make Oath that such Fish is Bit-tish cured.

768

C. 68.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs it the Port of Importation (who u hereby authorized and required to administer such Oath), that such Fish was actually caught, taken, and cured wholly by his Majesty's Subjects.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the Duty of Tonnage by this Act imposed any Ship or Vessel employed in the Fisheriti on the Coast of Great Britain, and not entering outwards for foreign Parts.

IX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

repeal or discontinue any Drawback of the Duties of Customs allowed to Admirals, Captains, and other Commissioned Officers, or Persons serving in any of his Majesty's Ships of War, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on or immediately before the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, or to prevent Tobacco for the Use and Consumption of the Crew of any Ship of War in actual Service, being removed for that Purpose from the Warehouse in which it may have been deposited, without Payment of any Duty of Customs, in Cases wherein Tobacco might have been so removed by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on or before the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three: Provided always, that all the Conditions, Regulations, and Rcltriclions contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force immediately before the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, relating respectively to any such Drawbacks of the Duties of Customs, or to any such Tobacco respectively, shall be duly

observed and enforced in relation thereto.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Duties imposed by this Act upon the Importation of Sugar, and inserted, described, and set forth in the Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked A., B., and C., shall

_____7 continue and be in Force until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, and no

Match 25, 1334, longer, and shall be appropriated, applied, and accounted for, according to the rrovisions of an Act passed in

and he applied the forty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to hit

accord.to JiInjfly a Duty on Penfior.s, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon-

and a separato Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malty Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hun-

Account thereof tired and three; and that a separate Account of such Duties shall be kept at the Custom House distinct and

apart from all other Duties of Customs, and the same shall be paid into the Exchequer, and there kept in a separate and distinct Account, pursuant to the Provisions of the said recited Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to compd the Proprietor or Proprietors of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to pay the Duties upon the land* ing thereof, in respect of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, or in any Cases in which the Duties due and payable upon such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, might, on and immediately before the said fifth Day of

Exception* from Tonnage Duly.

[ See Sch^i.' 1 A. Tati. 1. SC 'J ab.B. 'J it. Tonnage.] Act shall not repeal Drawbacks to Navy Officers, nor pi event Tobacco for the Use of Seamen being removed from Warehousei Duty site.

Duties on Importation of Sugar shall continue only till

kept.

Duties not payable upon landing Goods which might have been warehoused or bonded by Law before 5th July 1803.

July One thousand eight hundred and three, have been, at the Request of the Importer or Proprietor thereof, leci ' -

ecured in Warehouses, or by the Bond of the Importer or Proprietor thereof, under the Provisions of any Afit or Acts of Parliament in Force on and immediately before the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hua» dred and three, during the Continuance of any such Act or Acts respectively.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where by the Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked A., B., and C., the Duties of Customs by this Act imposed upon the Importation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize into Great Britain, are charged not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measuret but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be taken and considered as the same shall be at the Port of Importation, without any Abatement or Deduction whatever, except of so much as the Duties payable on the Importation thereof by this Act shall amount to; and that such Value shall be ascertained, except as in this Act is provided, by the Declaration of the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so imported, or of his known Agent or Fadlor, in the Manner and Form, and under all the Rules and Regu* iations, and subject to the same Forfeitures and Penalties as are prescribed, directed, and imposed, for ascertaining and collecting Duties to be paid according to the Value thereof, by an Act passed in the twenty seventh

not trur"valued*" ^earo^ t^ie of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Ex-

nuy beetle- *ctfe* an^ Sran^nS Duties in Ueu thereof and for applying wesaid Duties together with the ether Duties compojsng the publick Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, [Pares, and Merchandise, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Moines remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt; and in case such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall not be valued according to the true and real Value thereof, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then it shall be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs to cause the same to be detained, and the said Goods, Ware6, or Merchandize shall be dealt with, and the proper Officers of the Customs shall proceed iu every Respect in the Manner prescribed in such Case by the said recited Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where by the Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked A., B-, and C., the Duties of Customs by this Act imposed upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize from Great Britain, are charged, not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure* but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be taken and considered as the same shall be at the Port of Exportation, without any Deduction or Abatement whatever, except of so much as the Duties of Customs and Excisepaid or payable by this or any other Act in force on or immediately before the said fifth Day of ffufy One thousand eight hundred and three, on any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall amount to; and that such Value shall be ascertained (except as in this Act is provided*) by the Declaration of the Exporter or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, or of his known Agent or Fadlor, in the Manner and Form, and under all the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictiona, and subject to the same Forfeitures and Penalties as are prescribed, directed, and imposed, for ascertaining and collecting the Duties to be paid according to the Value thereof, by the same recited Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present

Where Goods

are chargeable according 10 the Value, il shall be considered (on Importation) as at the Port of their Importation, which shall be afccri.lined according to 27 G. 3. c. 13.

tinned [Set? §18. 21, 22, 23. as to East India Goods*]

On Exportation, the Value shall be confuicred as at the Pon of Exportat.un, £tc. as under 27 G. 3. c. 13. §19.

[.S>tr aifi c. 128. of this §1.]

[See

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 68. 769

Majesty; and in case any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall not be Tallied according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then it shall be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs to cause the famfc to be detained, and the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be deajt with, and the proper Officers of the Custoim shall proceed in every Respect in the Manner prescribed in such Case by the said recited Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if at the Time of making the Entry for the Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, on which the Duties of Customs hereby imposed are charged in the Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked A., B., and C, according to the Value thereof, the Exporter, or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so entered for Exportation, his known Agent or Factor, shall not be able to ascertain the true and real Value thereof, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Exportation to permit such Exporter, Proprietor, Agent, or Factor, to ship or export such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, upon making Oath that such real Value cannot be ascertained, and upon giving Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with onesufficient Surety, in Trehle the Amount of the supposed or estimated Duty on the Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, conditioned for the Payment of the Duties hereby imposed, within three Months, and according to the true and real Value thereof, to be ascertained in the Manner herein* before directed, and for producing the Invoice and Bills of Parcels, or such other Documents as shall be required by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Cuiloms, or any three or more of them, in England and Scotland respectively, in case the Production thereof shall be thought necessary by the said Commissioners respectively> for the Purpose of ascertaining the true and real Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so exported as aforesaid: Provided always, that no such Bond shall be chargeable or charged with any of the Duties upon damped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Exporter or Proprietor of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize entered for Exportation, his known Agent or Factor, shall knowingly and fraudulently make any false Declaration of the Value of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, after the same shall have been allowed to be shipped for Exportation, cveiy such Exporter, Proprietor, or Factor, shall for every such Offence forfeit a Sum equal to the true and real Value of all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, upon which Duties of Custom8arc hereby imposed, shall be detained by any Officer of the Customs on account of the same not being valued according to the true and real Value thereof, and according to the true Intrnt and Meaning of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England for the Time being, or any four or more of them, and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Scotland for the Time being, or any three or more of them, upon Proof being made to their Satisfaction that no Fraud was intended, to direct the Entry to be amended, upon such Terms and Conditions as under the Circumstances of the Case shall appear to the said Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively to be reasonable, and as they shall think (it to direct: Provided always, that if the Importer, Exporter, or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall accept the Terms or Conditions prescribed by the said Commissioners of the Customs respectively, such Importer, Exporter, or Proprietor shall not have or be entitled to any Recompence or Damage on account of the Detention of such Goods, Wrares, or Merchandize, or have or maintain any Action whatever for the fame; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Duties under this Act shall be paid on warehoused Goods not having paid Duties on Importation, though imported before July 5, 1803, when taken out for Home Consumption, §17."

If, on mnkirs: Entry of British Goods for Exportation, the real Value cannot be ascertained, they may be expor ted on Oath of the Fa&, and Bond for Payrqcnt of the Duties, and for producing such Documents as may be required by the Commissionerj of the Curiums. Bonds not clurgcable with Stamps.

Penalty of the true Value for making fitlfe Declaration thereof.

If Gooits are detained for not being truly valued, the Commissioners, upon Pi oof that no Fraud was intended, may dirttft the Entry to be amended, upon reasonable Terms.

Proprietor dull not have Damages.

Value of East India Go.>ds imported ly the Company shall beafeettninedby the gross Price at their Sales.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case where by the Table hereunto annexed, marked (C.), the Duties of Customs hereby imposed upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies are charged not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be ascertained by the gross Price at which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be sold at the publick Sales of the said Company, and the said Duties shall be paid thereon accordingly, as the same are inserted, described, and set forth in Figures in the said Table marked (C) [SVc atto private Importation, §2-i.J

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Duties by this Act imposed on Goods, Wares, The Duties on and Merchandize imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall be due and payable on any such Goods which shall, at any Time after the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, remain in the Warehouses of the said Company, and which shall not have been fold, notwithstanding such Goods may have been imported into Great Britain before the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three.

Goods in p: >ued by the East India Company shall be payal Jeon any itmaining

unfold in their W.nch^ufu after July 5, 1803.

XX. c And whereas certain Bounties are allowed on the Exportation of refined Sugar produced from raw

Sugar imported from the British Plantations in America; and whereas it is expedient that the like Bounties 1 (hotild be allowed on the Exportation of refined .Sugar produced from Sugar imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies : be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, there shall be paid and allowed on the Exportation of refined sugar produced from Sugar imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, the like Bounty as is now or hereafter may be allowed oy Law on the Exportation of the like Sort or Description of refined Sugar produced from raw Sugar imported from the British Plantations in America, subject in every Respect to the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and 'Forfeitures now by Law prafttfed and applied with respect to the Bounty allowed on the Exportation of refined Sugar.

43 Geo. III. 5F'XXI. ' And

The like Bounty Dull he Allowed on Exportation ol Sugar refined from Sugar imported ty the East India Company, as from Segar imported from British Plantations m America.

770

C. 68.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

f erlon? bringing Goods from ihc Limits of the Kail India Company's Chaileri as Present*, or for private Use, may enter them, and the Value shall be afeer* tained by Declaration, as ill case of Goods not imported by the Company. [See ante, ^18. J

Proof that Goods are im parted fur private Use.

All Customs on

Coals ufeil in the Anglesey Mines shall be repaid; on the Pmofs required by £6 G. 3. c. 104.

Tonnage Duties shall not extend to British Ships nut required to be regideredj nor to Ships tn Bjllalh

Duties on Impel tation of Goods and on Tonnage of S hips from Ameiira, shall Continue during 37 G. 3. 1. 97.

On Goods from America in American Vrffel % allowed to I e warehoustd, additional Duties (h.ill not be paid till taken out for Ho.^e

Consumptiwn.

Tonnage Duties on Vessels to or Irom foreign Parts shall be piid each Vt y-age, and com putrd according lo their Register, or under 26 G. 3. c. 6c.

XXL 4 And whereas by this Act Duties of Customs are payable on certain Articles, according to the tnic and real Value thereof, to be ascertained by the gross Price at which such Goods shall have been publkklyr ibid at the Sales of the United Campany of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; and whereas much Inconvenience and Delay hath ariien in the Payment of the Duties and Delivery of Articles brought from the Eqfi Indus either as Presents, or for private Use, particularly Specimens of Natural History,

Models, Drawings, and other Articles tending to illustrate or improve the Arts or Sciences, arising from the Necessity of such Articles being exposed to publick Sale by the East India Company, in order to ascertain the Value according to which the Duties payable by Law are to be levied and collected, and such Artides are also thereby frequently exposed to great Injury and Damage; and whereas it is expedient, in order to remedy such Inconvenience and Delay, that the Duties of Customs payable on such Goods should be ascertained, without the same being in future exposed to publick Sale be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall import or bring into Great Britain from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, any of the Articles before mentioned, or any Articles whatever (not being prohibited to be used or consumed in Great Britain), on which the Duties of Cuiloms are now chargeable according to the Value thereof, either as Presents or for private Use, and not by way of Merchandize, to enter the lame with the proper Officers of his Majesty's Cuiloms, such Goods having been first lodged and housed in Warehouses agreeable to the said recited Act; and that the Value of such Goods, according to which the Duties of Customs are due and payable, shall be ascertained according to the Declaration of the Value thereof, to be made by the Owner or Proprietor, or his known Agent, in the like Manner and Form, and under all the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, and subject and liable to such and the like Forfeitures and Penalties as are prescribed, directed, and imposed with respect to Goods not imported by the East India Company, and on which the Duties of Cuiloms are payable, according to the Value thereof.

Such Goods on which Duties have not been paid may be entered, and the Value ascertained, though imported on or before July 5, 1803, §22."

XXIII. Provided always, That no Goods whatever shall be admitted to Entry under the Authority of thin

Act, unless Proof shall be made to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Cuiloms in England* or any three or more of them, that such Goods are imported or brought into Great Britain for private Use, and not by way of Merchandize. "

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, the whole of the Duties of Cuiloms on all Coals which shall be used in calcining or smelting Copper and Lead Ores within the Isle of Anglesey, or which shall be used in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mines of Copper and Lead within the said I(le, shall be repaid ? any Law, Cuilom, or Usage ta the Contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that the Drawback by this Act allowed shall be paid upon the Proofs required by an Act paiTedin the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in faulting Copper and Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Copper and Lead Mines within the Isle of Anglesey.

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge the Tonnage Duty hereby imposed, on any British-built Ship or Vessel, or any Ship or Vessel owned by British Subjects, which is not required to be registered by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on or immediately before the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, or on any Ship or Vessel whatever which shall enter outwards or inwards in Ballad only.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That so much of this Act as relates to the Duties imposed upon the Importation of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize from the United States of America, and on Shipping according to the Tonnage thereof, and inserted, described, and set forth in Figures in the Schedule and Table hereunto annexed, marked (B.), shall continue in Force during the Continuance of an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation concluded between his Majesty and the United States of America, and no longer.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Goods or Merchandize imported into Great Britain from the United States of America, in American Ships or Vessels, shall be permitted by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force at the Time of such Importation, to be secured in Warehouses without the Payment of the Duties due on the Importation thereof; then and in such Case the additional Duties of Cudoms by this Act imposed on Goods or Merchandize so imported, shall not be payable, unless and until such Goods shall be taken out of such Warehouse for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the feverah Duties of Tonnage hereby imposed on Ships and Vessels entering outwards or inwards, to or from foreign Parts, shall be paid to the proper Officer appointed to receive the lame, each and every Voyage any such Ship or Vessel (half so enter outwards or inwards at any Port within Great Britain; and that the Tonnage of every such Ship or Vessel being British-built, or British-owned, shall be computed and l#ken according to the Register thereof, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Ycay of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation; and that the Tonnage of every other Ship or Vessel, in case of any Doubt or Dispute relative thereto, shall be ascertained by Admeasurement, in the Mode and Manner prescribed and directed by the said Act.

7 XXIX. 4 And

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 68. 77*

XXIX. And whereas it is expedient that Tobacco, being the Growth or Production of any of the Ter-

ritoriesor Dominions belonging to the Emperorof Russia, or of any of the Territories or Dominions belonging

to the Ottoman or Turk'ish Empire, should be permitted to be imported into Great Britain directly from the said Territories or Dominions respectively in British-built Ships, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, and should be admitted to Entry upon Payment of the same Duties; and upon the Exportation thereof from Great Britain, after having been manufactured according to Law, should be entitled to the like

Drawbacks as are now allowed upon the Exportation of Tobacco manufactured from Tobacco of the Growth Tobacco of the

or Production of the United States of America? be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful to import J^Tu^kcT

directly from the aforesaid Territories or Dominions of the Emperor of Raffia, and the Ottoman or TurLjJb may be imported Empire respectively, in British^built Ships, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, into any Port from theme in of Great Britain, being an enumerated Port for the Importation of Tobacco, and to enter and land, and to Bri«ift.built deposit, lodge, or secure, in any Warehouse or Warehouses, provided according to I^aw for the Reception of anrf u* r-Tobacco in England and Scotland respectively, any Tobacco being the Growth or Production of any or either orentntd

of the aforesaid Territories or Dominions; and such Tobacco may be exported in like Manner, or entered for J()r Home Cuu-Home Trade or Consumption, on Payment of the like Duties of Customs as Tobacco, the Growth or Pro- fumpiion, on duction of the United States of America, may be exported or entered for Home Trade or Consumption, ac- Payment ui i!; cording to the Laws in Force on and immediately before the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three; and the Exporter of such Tobacco, being the Growth or Production of any or either of the suits If

aforesaid Territories or Dominions, shall, upon the said Tobacco being manufactured in Great Britain, America; ancio« and exported according to the Laws in Force ou and immediately before the said fifth Day of July being manufac-One thousand eight hundred and three, be entitled to and allowed such and the like Drawbacks as are ! in Great severally and respectively allowed upon the same Sorts and Descriptions of Tobacco manufactured from j,"

Tobacco of the Growth or Production of the United States of America, and legally exported from Great Britain.^like Diawbaric*.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all Tobacco which shall he imported into or exported from Great Tobaccoimpo.t-

Britain by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall be and the same is hereby made subject and liable to all ort-

and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures to which any Tobacco

is or may be subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on and immediately before the said umjer this fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture, fl, au i* Aibjcrt. for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force of and to Regulations immediately before the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, made for securing the former Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained shall and are hereby directed ?nd declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution for and in respect of Tobacco imported into or exported from Great Britain by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, so far as the same are applicable thereto, in as full and ample a Manner to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Clauses, Provisions,

Powers, Directions, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Cambricks and Lawns, commonly called French Lawns, Fi*i»ch

which have been or shall be legally imported, and which shall have duly paid the Duties of Customs imposed i

by this Act, shall and may be worn or used in Great Britain, or sold or exposed to Sale therein, and shall not put {^' be subject to Seizure or Forfeiture on account of such Importation; nor shall the Person or Persons who shall worn'ol. j, import, wear, or use the fame, or who shall sell or expose to Sale the fame, or have the same in his or their Great Biiuin. Custody or Possession, be liable to any Penalty or Penalties, Fine or Fines, Forfeiture or Forfeitures whatsoever, for wearing, using, felling, or exposing to Sale the fame; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hun- Foreign SiUc dred and three, it shall be lawful to import into Great Britain any Silk Lace, any Act or Acts to the contrary Lace may lie notwithstanding, under and subject nevertheless to the Duties imposed by this Act; and all such Silk Lace on

which the Duties by this Act imposed shall have been duly paid, shall and may be worn or used in Great Britain, c^at Britain.* or sold or exposed to Sale therein, and shall not be subject to Seizure or Forfeiture; nor shall the Person or Persons who shall import, w ear, or use the fame, or who shall sell or expose the same to Sale, or have the same in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, be liable to any Penalty or Penalties, or Fine or Fines whatsoever, on account thereof; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Foreign Silk Lace shall, after the same hath been cn- such Lace iluN tered at the Custom-house, and before it shall be discharged by the Officers, and delivered into the Custody of l* fenltri at euck the Importer or his Agent, be marked or ftaled at each End of every Piece with such Mark or Seal, and by t»d of every such Officer or Officers, as the respective Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland shall direct and , Ltc* appoint for that Purpose.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hun- $ucii Lacefburtd

dred and three, all Foreign Silk Lace which shall be found in any Shop, Warehouse, or other Place whatever, unmaikeri IHaII upon Land, within this Kingdom, not being marked or sealed as herein is directed upon both Ends of every 1* f. rfriicd, and whole and entire Piece, or upon one End of every Remnant of such Lace, shall be forfeited, and shall and may P'°*

be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, and shall and may be difnofed of, and the Person or Persons wu, c

to whom the same shall belong, or who shall be possessed thereof, prosecutea, in the same Manner, and by the 4'airte Rules and Regulations, as are at the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, in Force in relation to Foreign Silk Lace clandestinely imported and run into this Kingdom.

5 F 2 XXXV. And

C. 68

772

43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Penalty for counterfeiting Marks, or ex-posing to Sale, or having in Possession Lace with counterfeit Mark, 100l. and Pillory.

Prom the Ratification of Dcfini-nitive Treaty with France, East India Company in ay fell fur Home Con-fumpti m or Exportation ware-lioufed Silk Handkerchiefs, subject to the Duties under this Act.

Limitation of the Quantity for three Yean.

Till Dec. 15, 1804, Oil or Blubber of Fish caught at Newfoundland by Subjects residing there, may be entered, on Payment of Duty, as on Articles of Newfoundland of Britishi Fish-ing, on certain Conditions.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time forge or counterfeit any Mark or Seal to resemble any Mark or Seal which shall be provided or used in pursuance of this Act, or shall forge or counterfeit the Impression of any fitch Mark or Seal upon any Goods required by this Act to be marked or sealed, or shall sell or expose to Sale, or have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any such> Foreign Silk Lace with a counterfeit Mark or Seal thereon, knowing the same to be counterfeited, all and every such Offender and Offenders, and his, her, and their Aiders, Abettors, and AfMants, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, one Moiety to his Majesty, and the other Moiety to such Officer or Officers of the Customs as shall sue and prosecute the fame; and such Offender and Offenders shall also be adjudged to (land in the Pillory in some publick Place for the Space of two Hours.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace between his Majesty and the Republick of France, it shall and may be lawful for the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to expose to Sale, either for the Purpose of being worn or used in Great Britain, or for Exportation, any Silk Handkerchiefs of the Manufacture of Persia, China, or the East Indies, that shall have been, or may thereafter be, secured in the Warehouses of the said United Company^ subject nevertheless to the Duties by this Act imposed thereon; and all such Silk Handkerchiefs on which such Duties shall have been duly paid, shall and may be worn or used in Great Britain, or sold or exposed to Sale therein, and shall not be subject to Seizure or Forfeiture; nor shall the Person or Persons who shall wear or itfe the fame, or who shall sell or expose to Sale the fame, or have the same in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, be liable to any Penalty or Penalties, or Fine or Fines whatever, on account thereof, 'any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, for the Space of three Years from and after the said Ratification, the said United Company shall not, in any one Year, fell, or expose to Sale, a greater Quantity of such Silk Handkerchiefs than fifty thousand Pieces, and that such fifty thousand Pieces shall be of the usual Length, and of the Sorts that shall have been usually exposed to Sale.

" French Cambricks or Lawns imported before July 5, 1803, for Exportation, and warehoused, may be taken out for Sale, or to b<* worn in Great Britain, on making Entry and paying Duty; and Cambricks or Lawns, " and Silk or Thread Lace seized before that Day, may be sold for Exportation, or for Home Consumption,

" §38 "

XXXIX. And whereas it is expedient that Oil or Blubber of Fiffi or Creatures living in the Sea, a&oally*caught and taken on the Banks and Shores of the Island of Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, wholly by his Majesty's Subjects carrying on the said Fishery from the said Island, and residing therein, should be admitted to Entry on Payment of the like Duty, as if caught and taken wholly by his Majesty's Subjects carrying on the said Fishery from his Majesty's European Dominions, and usually residing in the said Dominions; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, and until, the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and four, all such Oil or Blubber shall be admitted to Entry on Payment of the Duty by this Act imposed on Train Oil or, Blubber of Newfoundland of British Fiffiing, notwithstanding such Oil or Blubher of Fiffi or Creatures living in the Sea shall have been caught and taken by his Majesty's Subjects carrying on the said Fishery from and residing in the said Island: Provided always, that before any such Oil or Blubber shall be admitted to Entry as aforesaid, the Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which any such Oil or Blubber shall be imported, shall produce and deliver to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port in Great Britain into which such Oil or Blubber shall be imported, a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Naval Officer m Newfoundland, or if there shall not be any Naval Officer, then under the Hand and Seal of the Commander of any of Ills Majesty's Ships statior.ed there, tellifying that Oath hath been made before him (who is hereby authorized and required in such Case to administer the same), by the Person or Persons who actually caught the Fiffi or Creatures living in the Sea, from which the Oil or Blubber mentioned in such Certificate was produced, that such Oil or Blubber was really and bond side the Oil or Blubber of Fiffi or Creatures living in the Sea actually caught and taken on the Banks and Shores of the Island of Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, wholly by his Majesty's Subjects carrying on such Fishery from the said Island, and residing therein; and provided such Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel so importing such Oil or Blubber, shall also make Oath before such Collector or other Chief Officer, (who is hereby authorized and required to administer the same, ) that the Oil or Blubber so imported are the same Oil or Blubber mentioned and referred to in the said Certificate.

Blubber of Fish from the Greenland Seas or Davis's Streights, may be builed into Oil, under the Inspection of an Officer, and the Oil entered.

XL. 4 And whereas by this Act certain Duties are imposed on the Importation of Train Oil and of Blubber, and as it may tend to the Convenience of Merchants importing Blubber from the Greenland Seas or Davis's Streights, if they were permitted to boil such Blubber, and that the Duties payable thereon might be ascertained and paid according to the Quantity of Oil produced from such Blubber; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, it shall be lawful, upon the Return of any Ship or Vessel from the Greenland Seas or Davis's Streights, with any Blubber, being the Produce of Whales or other Creatures living in the Seas, caught and taken in the said Fishery, for the Importers or Proprietors thereof to cause the same to be boiled under the Care and Inspection of the proper Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs into Oil, and afterwards such Oil so produced shall be admitted to Entry, and the Duties paid thereon accordingly; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that in case any Blubber shall have been imported in any Ship or Vessel employed in the said Fishery before the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, and shall have been boiled into Oil, such Oil shall be admitted to Entry, and the Duty charged thereon according to the Regulations and Directions of this A Cl.

C. 68.

A.D. 18b.3'«

43° GEORGII . III.

XLL. And where$b it is expedient to permit certain East India Goods called Courhs and Arangoes, which«/hall hare been imported into the Port of London, and warehoused in pursuance of an Act passed in the

thirty-ninth Yw -of the Reign of his present Majesty, or any other Act or Acts of Parkainent, to be

removed by Land Carriage to any other Port of Great Britain, for the Purpose of bcin^ exported to Africa be it therefore enacted, That whenever the Importer or Proprietor of any such Goods called Cowries and Jfrangbet, which shall have been £o warekoufed as aforesaid, shall be desirous of exporting the same to Africa, ' it shall be lawful for the Comitaffioners of his Majesty's Customs in England for the Time being, or any four or more of them, to grant Permission son the Removal of the said Goods from such Warehouse or Warehouses by Land Carriage, to any such other Port, for the Purpose of being exported from thence to Africa, under such Rules, Regulation^ and Restrictions, as are now by Law required in relation to certain East India prohibited Goods when removed from one Part of Great Britain to another, to be from thence exported.

XJL1L And be it further enacted, That the Duties granted and imposed by this Act, and made payable according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, Measure, or Value of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize charged with such Duties, shall be charged and payable upon any greater or less Weight, Number, Quantity, or Value thereof, titan the Weight, Number, Quantity, or Value, particularly inserted, described, and set forth in the Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked A., B., and C., in Proportion to the actual Weight, Number, Quantity, or Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize.

XLIII. And whereas a certain Allowance commonly called Draft has heretofore been made in the

weighing of Goods for the Purpose of ascertaining the Duties thereon, when the same are payable according to Weight; and whereas it is expedient that such Allo wance for Draft should be discontinued; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, such Allowance called Draft in the weighing of Goods for the Purpose of ascertaining the Duties payable thereon, shall be wholly discontinued; any Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties of Customs by this Act imposed as {Hall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the Time being.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the several Sums of Money respectively inserted, described, and set forth in Figures in the said Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked A., B., and C., as the Duties of Custome, and the Drawbacks of the Duties of Customs, upon, for, or in respect of the several Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, specified therein, or as the Duties of Customs on Ships or Vessels, according to the Tonnage thereof, tnay and shall respectively be managed, ascertained, raiftd, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered; and allowed, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act, in such and the like Manner, and by the same Means, Ways, or Methods, as former Duties of Customs, and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs; Upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in general, and also by any such special Means, Ways, or Methods respectively as former Duties of Customs, and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the same Sorts or Kinds, or Duties on Ships or Vessels according to the Tonnage thereof respectively, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, ptid, recovered, and allowed; and the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whereon Duties of Customs are by this Act charged, and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs allowed, as the same are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked A., B., and C., upon the Importation thereof into, or Exportation thereof from Great Britain, or on any other Account whatever, and all Ships and Vessels whereoa any Duties are charged or payable, according to the Tonnage thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, Seizures, and Foifoitures, to which Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in general, and also all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Seizures, Sales, and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or Ships or Vessels whereon any Duties are chargeable or payable according to the Tonnage thereof respectively, were subject and liable, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on and immediately before the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, respecting the Revenue of Customs, or such Tonnage Duties as aforesaid, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines, and Forfeitures, of whatever Nature or Kind the same may be, as well Pains of Death as others, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on and immediately before the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, made for securing the Revenue of Customs or such Tonnage Duties as aforesaid, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, Provisions, and Directions contained in any such Act or Acts shall (unless where expressly altered by this Act) and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put into Execution for and in respect of the several Duties of Customs, and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs, hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Act9, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and made Part thereof.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That every Act of Parliament in Force on and immediately before the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, by which any Rules, Regulations, Conditions, or Restrictions, were made, established, or directed, for the ascertaining the Value of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or for the remitting or allowing of any Deduction of any Duties on account of Damage, or for the better securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the regular Importation into or Exportation from Great Britain, or the tanging or carrying coastwise, or from Port to Port within Great Britain, or the entering,

8 Lauding,

773

Couries and Af^ngoes, imported and warehoused, may be removed by Land Carriage for Ex-pjrtntion to Africa.

Duties shall be paid in Proportion to the adtuat Weight, &c. of the Articles.

The Allowance in weighing of Goods, called Draft, shall t»e di (continued.

Duties shall be under the Mi* nagemeru of CommiflicmcrS of CuAorai.

Duties and Drawback* under this Act, shall be levied. Sec. as former Duties, except as hereby altered.

Pains of Death, &c. in former Revenue Act* extended to this Act.

The Provision* cf Acts in Force for ascertaining tiic Va!uu of Goods, &c. shall continue, except as hereby all tered.

774

C. 63.

Commissionerf 4f Custoi»s may cloO Account! of Collector! or Receivers, and cm rest errone* mil Application of Duties t Commissioners for auditing Public Accounts ftnll allow such Coricftions. Wine, for whic h the Duties grunted by this Act shall have been paid, mny (c removed into the Port of London, or within ao Miles of the Royal Exchange, without the Cenrhcate required by 27 Geo. 3. c. 13.

IJ.

Treasury shall in future cause an Account to be kept of what the hereditary Revenues of the Crown wutild have produced if not blended with other Duties, and laid before Pailia-roent with the publick Accounts directed by 42 Geo. 3. c. 70. Hereditary Revenue of his Majesty in Scotland shall not be altered. fSee 1 G. 3. r. I.

Duties shall be carried to BntiOi Consolidated Fund.

43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

landing, or shipping, of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever, except where My Alteration it expressly made by this Act, and all Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, relating thereto. Anil and are hereby declared to be and remain in fiftl Force and Effect, and shall be applied to the Subject of this Adfc, and for carrying the same into Execution, as fully and effectually as if they had been repeated aftd re-enacted1 in this present Act.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commffioners of his Majesty* Cadorns in England for the Time being, or any four or more of them, and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Scotland for the Time being, or any three or more of them, finally to settle and close the Accounts of any Collectors or Receivers of any Part of the Revenue of Customs or other Duties under their Management, notwithstanding any erroneous Application of any Duties of Customs received by them; and the said Commissioners are hereby respectively empowered to correct such Application, in order to prevent the Accounts of any such Collectors or Receivers from being kept open, unsettled, and unliquidated; and all such Corrections shall, and are hereby directed to be allowed by the Commissioners for better examining and auditing the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, in the passing the general Account of Customs, Subsidies, or Impositions.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to remove either by Land or Water, from any Port or Place in Great Britain, into the Port of London, or the Members thereof, or to any Place whatever, within the Distance of twenty Miles from the Royal Exchange of London, any Wine on which the Duties of Customs granted by this Act shall have been duly paid, notwithstanding such Wine shall not be accompanied with the Certificate from the Collector or other proper Officer of his Majesty's Customs, required by an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty intituled, An Act for repeating the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties compofng the publick Revenue; for permitting tht Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufa fture of the European Dominions of the French King into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Excljequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt; any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that all the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, required by Law on the Removal of any Wine within Great Britain, shall, in all other Respects, be duly complied with.

XLIX. 4 And whereas by the Consolidation of the different Branches of the publick Revenue, and of the several Duties payable on the Importation and Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and the Appropriation thereof as directed by the said recited Act of the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and subsequent Acts, the hereditary and temporary Revenues of the Crown, of Subsidies, of Tonnage and Poundage, and of other Duties upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, are not now kept distinct and separate at the several Offices, but have become blended with other Duties of Customs and Tonnage, both in the Collection and Appropriation thereof: And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for ascertaining the annual Amount of what such hereditary Revenues would have produced, in case the same had not been so confotidated, and that an Account should hereafter be kept of such annual Amount 5* be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said tifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, the Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, shall cause to be prepared and kept an Account of what such hereditary Revenue would have amounted to in case the same bad not been and was not hereby consolidated and collected with other Duties of Customs and Tonnage in the Collection and Appropriation thereof, in such Manner and Form as shall appear to the Lord High Treasurer or the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, best adapted to ascertain such Amount, which Account the said Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners for the Time being, are hereby required to make out or cause to be made out and laid before Parliament, together with the publick Accounts directed to be laid before Parliament, pursuant to the Provisions of an Act, passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dire ding certain publick Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament; and for discontinuing ceiiain other Forms of Account now in Use.

L. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to affect or alter the hereditary Revenue of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Scotland, or other Revenues there granted to his late Majesty King George the Second, during his Life, and reserved to his present Majesty during his Life, by an Act made in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign; but the same and the Civil Establishment payable out of the same shall continue to be paid in like Manner as heretofore; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Duties of Customs levied after July 5, 1803, although the Amount may have been computed, or the Goods imported, &c. or the Duties bonded, before that Day, shall be appropriated and applied in one Sum, 44 in like Manner as the Duties granted by this Act, except otherwise provided (fee §53, 54.); and all Draw- backs and Allowances may be made in like Manner, § i

LII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties of Customs and the Duties of Tonnage imposed by this Act (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, except as by this Act is specially provided.

LIII. 4 And whereas by divers Acts for granting several of the Duties hereby repealed, it is provided that during the Space of ten Years then next ensuing, there should be provided and kept in the Office of the

Auditor

1 Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said«respective Duties should, together with such other Duties as were respectively granted for the Purpose of making permanent Additions to the publick Rerenue, - tnd of defraying any Charges occasioned by certain Loans made, and Stocks created by the Authority of Parliament, be entered separate and apart fromidlrother Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever; and whereas it is expedient that the whole of the Duties by this Act granted, except where special Provision is otherwise made by this Act, should be entered in one Account, but th*t Provision should nevertheless be hereby made for ascertaining the Produce of such several Grants of Duties for the Remainder of such respective Periods be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said fifthDay of July One thousand eight hundred and three, the whole of the Duties of Customs and Tonnage granted by this Act, except as by this Act is otherwise specklly provided, shall be entered together in one Account; and that from and after the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, the Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them for the Time being, shall, for and during the Remainder of the respective Periods of ten Years, to be computed from the Time of granting such of the said Duties as aforesaid as were so directed to be entered separatciy as aforesaid, cause separate and distinct Accounts of what such Duties would have amounted to in case the same had not been and were not respectively hereby consolidated and collected with other Duties of Cuiloma and Tonnage, to-be made out in such Manner and Form as shall appear to the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, best adapted to ascertain such Amounts respectively; which Accounts the said Lord High Treasurer, r Lords Commissioners for the Time being, are hereby required to cause to be laid before Parliament, together with the publick Accounts directed to be laid before Parliament pursuant to the Provisions of the said recited Act passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty aforesaid, intituled, An Act for directing certain publish Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament; and for (Gf continuing certain other Forms of Accounto<w in Use.

LIV. 4 And whereas in* the Consolidation of the Duties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandise under this Act, such Duties are in various Instances increased, and in many Cases new additional Duties are granted, ' be it therefore enacted, That of the Monies arising or to arise out of such Increase of the Duties hereby

granted, and from such new and additional Duties as aforesaid, the Sum of two hundred and fifty thousand ounds, being the estimated Produce thereof, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revcmie for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made by virtue of any Act or Acts passed in this Session of Parliament.

*4 Limitation of Actions for Matters done under this Act, three Months. — Venue in the County. — General 00 IAuc. — Treble Costs, §55. Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §56." £«S!re additional Duties, '70/J

775

The whole of the Duties except otherwise provided (y>e §54.), shall he entered in one Account at the Exchequer, and the Treasury shall cause oil -tin«ffc Accounts of such as were to be kept separate for Years, from being granted, to be so kept, and laid before Parliament pursuant to 42 G. 3. c. 70.

Out of Tncrenfe and Addition to Duties, 150, 00c]. shall be applicable to defraying the Charge on any Loan made this Session.

SCHEDULE and TABLES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE A.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into Great Britain, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or described , and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain:

Also, of the Duties of Customs payable cn the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from Great Britain

JLtkewife, of the Duties of Customs payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, brought or carried coastwise or from Port to Port, within Great Britain and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain

And also, of the Tonnage Duty of Customs payable on Ships or Vessels entering inwards or outwards in Great Britain, from or to Foreign Parts.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

A. Acacia, the lb. — — — £ O s. 1 d. 0 £, s. d. 0 06

Acetofclla Sal. See Sal. - Acorui, the lb. — — — O 0 3 002

Adianthum, the lb. — — — O 0 3 0 0 1

Agaric, the cwt. - I 3 4 ——

Agates, viz. £. too of the Value 35 0 0 25 0 0

n the Value 20 0 Q 15 0 0 Alderney,

[And fee of this Act.

Alderney, Island of See Guernsey,

Ale. See Beer,

Alkali, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £.100 of the Value Alkanet Root, the lb. -

Alkekengi Baccse, the lb, -

Alkermes, viz.

- Confe&io, the oz. Troy -

- Syrup, the lb.

Almond Pafle, for every £, 100 of the Value -

Almonds, viz.

- Bitter, the cwt.

- Jordan, the cwt.

- of any other Sort, the cwt.

- Oil of See Oil.

Aloes, viz.

- Socotorina, imported directly from the Place of their Growth, the lb.

not imported directly from the Place of their Growth, the lb.

of any other Sort, the lb.

§ 4r

Alum, the cwt.

Plume Alum, the lb. -

- Roche Alum, the cwt. -

Amber, viz.

- Be*ds. See Beads.

- Oil of See Oil.

- Rough, the lb. -

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £, 100 of the Value

Ambergris, the oz. Troy -

Ambra Liquida, the lb. -

America, United States of For the Duties and Drawbacks on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the United States of America, and imported direct, from thence, fee Table B.

Ammi Seed. See Seed.

Ammoniacum, viz.

- Gum. See Gum Ammoniacus.

- Sal. See Sal Ammoniacus.

Anacardium, the lb.

Anchor Stocks. See Wood.

Anchovies, the lb.r -

Angelica, the lb.

Angufturae Cortex. See Cortex.

Ammi Gum. See Gum.

Aniseed. See Seed.

- Oil of See Oil.

Annotto, the cwt.

Antimonium, viz.

- Qrudum, the cwt. — 3 —

- Preparatum or Stibium, the lb. —

Apples, the Bushel -

- dried, the Bushel — ' —

Aqua-fortis, the cwt.

Arabic Gum. See Gum.

Arangoes, imported from Europe under Licence for Exportation to Africa, for every| £. 100 of the Value

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Aran-| goes may be so imported, fee 5 Geo. 3. c. 30.

Archelia. See Orchelia.

Argol, the cwt. -

Anftolochia, the lb. -

Armoniac. See Bole Armoniac.

Arquebusade. See Spirits.

Arrow-root, the lb.

- imported from any of the British Plantation* in America, the lb.

Arsenic, the cwt. -

20

o

o

o

o

35

0 2

1

o

35

o

o

d.

Q O O 4

0 4

0 II

1 4

o o

17 S

18 o

8 6

I

4

o

10

o

4

o

o

o

o

o

o9o o 2. 6 3 2

I o

0 3

0 3

3 4

6

o

2

4

o o

2 4 0 4

o 2 o 1 7 6

d.

15 o o

O 0 2.

0 0 2

0 0 6 0 0 8 25 O O

094.

2 3 3

1 1 S

o

o

o

o

o

o

o92 4 0 4 6 2

o 1 2 O

0 0 6 25 o o o i 4

018

0 0 2

002

002

Afa-foetidatj

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards.

Duty,

Drawback.

Afa-foetida, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Afarum-root, the lb.

Ashes, viz.

--Fechia, the cwt.

--Pearl and Pot, the cwt.

- of the British Plantations in America, and imported from thence,

the cwt.

--Soap, Weed and Wood, the cwt.

--not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £. ico of the Value

Afphaltua, the lb.' -

Asses, for every £.ioo of the Value -

Aurentiorum Cortex. See Limonum, in Cortex.

Auripigmentum. See Orpiment.

B.

Baccae Alkekengi. See Alkckengi Baccae.

Bacon, the cwt. -

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Badger Skins. See Skins.

Baluftia, the lb. 1 -

Balks. See Wood.

Balls, viz. Washing Balls, the lb.

Balm of Gilead. See Natural Balsam, in Baifam.

Balsam, viz.

- Artificial, the lb. -

- Canada, the lb. -

- Copaiba or Capivi, the lb.

- Natural, the lb. -

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £*ioo of the Value —

Bandftring Twill, the Dozen Knots -

Barbadoes Tar. See Tar.

Barilla, the cwt. -

Bark, viz.

--Jesuits. See Cortex Peruvianus.

--Oak (when the Price isfuch as to allow the Importation) the cwt.

Note. — Oak Bark cannot be imported when the Price of Hatch Bark shall be under £.10 the Load, or when the Price of Oak Bark in the Rind shall be under £.2. iar. the Load. See 12 Geo. 3. c. 50. continued by subsequent Acts, and by 36 Geo. 3. c. 40. further continued for seven Years, and| from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. --Black Oak or Quercitron, for the Purpose of dying, imported from any Country not in Europe, in Calks not less than 150 lbs. net, the cwt.

--Red Mangrove, imported in Calks not less than 150 lbs. net, the cwt.

--otherwise imported, for every £. 100 of the Value —

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £. 100 of the Value

Barley. See Corn.

--Hulled. See Pearl Barley.

Barrafs, Dutch. See Canvas, in Linen.

Basket Rods, the Bundle, not exceeding three Feet in Circumference at the Band Baskets, viz.

- Hand Baskets, the Dozen -

- Wicker Baskets, for every £. 100 of the Value —

Basons of Marble. See Stones.

Bast or Straw Hats or Bonnets. See Hats.

- Platting or other Manufacture of Ball or Straw for making Hats or

Bonnets. See Platting.

--Ropes, the cwt. —

Battery, the cwt.

Bay Berries. See Berries.

Bay, Oil of See Oil.

43 Geo. III.

JG

O

o

o

o

o

o

tD

20

O

35

o

o

o

o

35

o

2 16 o

004

008

7 8

OO4

- 1 0 2 4

2172

£. x. d. 002 006 002

15 o o 002 25 o o

0 0 2

o

o

o

25

006

003

20 O O 15 0 0

35 0 0 25 0 0

0 1 10 0 1 4

010 008

35 0 0 25 0 0

2 o I

B*JT|

Bay, or Myrtle Wax. See Wax.

Bay Yarn. Sec Woollen Yarn, in Yam.

Bdellium, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. —

Beads, viz.

- Amber Beads, the lb. -

- Arangoc Beads. See Arangoes.

- Coral Beads, the lb.

- Crystal Beads, the 1000 -

- Jet Beads, the lb. -

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £. 100 of the Value —

Beans. See Com.

- Kidney or French Beans. See Garden Seed, in Seed. See also the Note

under the Head of Provisions.

- Wool. See Wool.

Bed Feathers. See Feathers.

Beds. See Feathers for Beds.

Beech Boards.

- Plank > See Wood.

- Quarters, j

Beef, viz.

- from the Isle of Man* See Man* Isle of.

- whether salted or otherwise. Sec the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Beer, or Big. See Corn.

Beer, viz.

--Mum, the Barrel, Quantity 32 Gallons -

- Spruce Beer, the Barrel, Quantity 32 Gallons -

- or Ale, of all other Sorts, the Barrel, Quantity 32 Gallons -

Mum, Beer, and Ale, are subject also to a Duty of Excise.

BeesWax. See Wax.

Bell Metal. See Metal.

Belvedere Raifms. See Aaifins.

Benjamin, the lb.

Bergamot, Essence of See Essence.

Barries, viz.

- Bay, the cwt. -

- Juniper, the cwt. -

- Myrtle, the lb. - 1

- Yellow, for Dyers' Use, the cwt. — — — I

- for Dyers* Use, not otherwise enumerated or described, the cwt. — I

- not for Dyers* Use, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £. 100

of the Value -

Bestials. See Man % Isle of.

Boxoar Stones, the oz. Troy -

Birds, viz. Singing Birds, the Dozen -

Biscuit. See Bread.

Bitumen Judaicum, the lb. -

Blacking, the cwt. -

Bladders, the Dozen -

Blubber. See Train Oil, in Oil.

Boards. See Wood.

Bole Armoniac or Armenian Bole, the cwt. —

Bones and Hoofs of Cattle, for every £. ice of the Value —

Bonnets. See Hats.

Books, viz.

- bound, the cwt.

- unbound, the cwt.

Borax, viz.

- refined, the lb. -

- unrefined or Tincal, the lb. -

Botargo, the lb.

£ / d. £ J. d.

O 0 4 O O 2

O 1 0 O O 6

O 6 0 O 4 2

O95 O 4 2'

O 16 10 O 11 8

O 1 10 O 1 3

35 0 05 0 0

o 13 8

o 16 7 086

o 7 ro» 011 o 060

0 0 8 0 0 4

0 6 a

0 6 0 0 3 3

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 17 2

0 14 0

35 0 0 25 0 0

0 1 0 0 0 6

0 4 3 0 2 3

0 0 4 0 0 2

2 1 0 1 13 3

0 0 2 0 0 1

0 4 6 0 2 4

20 0 0 15 0 0

4 0 0

3 0 0

0 0 8 0 0 4

0 0 4 0 0 2

0 0 7

Bottles,

Bottles, viz.

- of Earth or Stone, the Dozen —

- of Glass, covered with Wicker, the Dozen Quarts —

- of green or common Glass, full or empty, not of lef3 Content than one Pint, j and not being Phials, the Dozen Quarts —

Note — Flasks in which Wine or Oil is imported are not subject to Duty. Bowls or Buckets of Wood, the Dozen -

Bowsprits. See Mails, in Wood.

Boxes, viz.

--Dressing Boxes, for every/*. 100 c>f the Value —

--Nell Boxes, the Gross, Quantity 12 Dozen Nells, each Nell Quantity 8

Boxes -

--Pill Boxes, the Gross, Quantity 12 Dozen Nells, each Nell Quantity 4

Boxes -

- Sand Boxes, the Gross, Quantity 12 Dozen Boxes —

--Snuff Boxes, for every /*. 100 of the Value —

Box Wood. See Wood.

Bracelets or Necklaces of Glass, the Gross, Quantity twelve Bundles or Deckers, each Bundle or Decker, Quantity loNccklaces —

Brandy. See Spirits.

Brass, viz.

--Manufactures of, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every /*. 100 of]

the Value — — — 1

- Old. See Shmff.

--Powder of, Cor Japanning. See Powder.

Brazil Wood. ? c Tir

Brazil-Wood. } S« Wood.

Bread or Biscuit, the cwt. -

See the Note under the Head of Corn.

Bricks, the 1000 -

Brimstone, the cwt. -

Brifiles, viz.

- dressed, the Dozen lbs. -

- of Muscovy or Rufftaf not imported in a British*built Ship, the]

Dozen lbs.

- rough or undressed, the Dozen lbs.

- ' — of Muscovy or Russia, not imported in a British*built Ship.

the Dozen lbs.

Broken Glass. See Glass.

Bronze Figures, for every/*. 100 of the Value -

Brooms, viz. Flag Brooms or Wiik Brooms, the Dozen —

Bntm Thread. See Thread.

Buck or Deer Skins. See Skins.

Buckets of Wood. See Bowls.

Buffalo Hides. See Hides.

- Horns. See Horns.

Bugles, viz.

- Great, the lb. -

- Small or Seed, the lb. -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Bugles] may be warehoused on Importation, fee 5 Geo. 3. c. 30.

-7--- Great, to be warehoused, the lb.

- Small or Seed to be warehoused, the lb.

When taken out of such Warehouses to be used in Great Britain.

- Great, the lb. -

- Small, or Seed, the lb.

Bullion and Foreign Coin of Gold or Silver, Duty free.

Bull Rushes, the Load, Quantity 63 Bundles -

Bulls. See Cattle.

See also the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Burgundy Pitch. See Pitch.

Burrachas. Sec India Rubbers.

Burrs for Mill Stones. See Stones.

See also the Note under the Head of Guernsey.

5G

£ '

O I 10

O 13 4 050 O I 2

35 0 o o 16 10

030 0 5 3 35 o o

056

35 0 o

024

o 13 6

088

069

o 6 11 020

022

35 o o

005

o 1 10 030

001

002

019

O 2 10

0 7 3

£. t. J.

OIO 0 7 7

o o 10

25 o o

on 8

0 1 3 o 3 11 25 o o

036

2S O O

0 15

0 6 8

0 6 6

0 2 6

2 6

3

25 0 0

001

016

025

0311

Bulls

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards. Duty. Drawback.

Bulls or Figures of Marble or Stone. See Stones. not otherwise enumerated or described, for every /*. 100 of the £ d* £ ' d-

Value - 35 0 0 25 O O

Butter, the cwt. - See the Note under the Head of Provisions. C Cables, tarred or untarred, the cwt. - Cable Yarn. See Yam. Cajaputa, Oil of See Oil. Cake-lac. See Lac, in Gum. Cakes made of Linseed. See Lin feed Cakes. Rapeseed. See Rape Cakes. Calabar Skins. See Squirrel Skins, in Skins* Calaminaris Lapis. See Lapis. 032 0 13 0 0 2 2

Calamus, the lb. - Calavances. See the Note under the Head of Provisions. Callicoes, printed, painted, stained, or dy£d, imported from Europe, under Licence, ' for Exportation to Africa, for every £. 100 of the Value — — For the Conditions, Regulations, and Rellri&ions, under which such Callicoes may be so imported, fee 5 Geo. 3. c. 30. Calve Skins. See Skins. Calves. See Cattle. See also the Note under the Head of Provisions. 0 0 0 04 0 0 2

2 10 -O

Calves Velves, the cwt. - Cambogium. See Gamboge. Cambricks. See Linen. Camel Hair. See Hair. — or Mohair Yarn. See Yarn. 0 7 0 0 0

Camomile Flowers, the lb. - Camphire, viz. 0\0 t 2 0 0 I

refined, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. — not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. — unrefined, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. — — not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the ib. — Cam Wood. See Wood. Canada Balsam. See Balsam. Canary Seed. See Seed. 0 on 0 2 6 0 0 7 t' O I 4 0.0 6 014 0 03 0 0

Cancrorum Oculi, the lb. - Candles, viz. of Spermaceti, the lb. - of Tallow, the cwt. - of Wax, the lb. - 0 0 8 0 i 6 1 18 0 016 0 04,

Candlewick, the cwt. - Cane Hats or Bonnets. See Hats. Platting or other Manufactures of Cane to make Hats or Bonnets. See Platting. 2 1 4 1 8 0

Canella Alba, the lb. - Canes, viz. 003 002

Rattans, the 1000 - 1 1 0 0 15 3

Reed Canes, the 1000 — — — 0 16 4 099

Walking, the 1000 - 289 1 i? 3

Cans of Wood, the Dozen - 0 1 2 0 0 10

Cantharides, the lb. - Canvas. See Linen. 0 1 10 008

Capers, the lb. - 003 0 0 1

Capita Papaverum, the 1000 - Caps, viz. 022 Oil

of Cotton, for every £. 100 of the Value — — — 52 0 0 41 10 0

of Worded, for every £. 100 of the Value — — — Carraway Seed. See Seed. 35 0 0 25 0 0

Cardamoms, the lb. - Cards, vjz. Playing Cards, the Dozen Packs — — — Cariophyllorum Cortex. See Cortex Cariophylloicks. Oleum. Sec Oil of Cloves. 010 280 006 Caruicni;

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 68.

Carmenia Wool. See Goat Hair, in Hair.

Carmine, the oz. Troy -

Carpets, viz.

- of Turkey, containing less than Yards Square, the Carpet

- containing Yards Square, or upwards the Carpet

- not otherwise enumerated, or described, for every £. 100 of the Value

Carrabe. See Succinum.

Carriages of all Softs, for every £. 100 of the Value —

Carrot Seed. See Daucas Seed, in Seed.

Carthamus Seed. See Seed.

Carui Oleum. See Oil of Carraway.

Cashew, Gum. See Gum.

- Nuts. See Nuts.

Calks, empty, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons -

Cafiia Buds, the lb. -

- Fiftula, the lb.

- Lignea, the lb. -

- Oil of Sec Oil.

Castor, the lb. -

- Oil of See Oil.

Catlings, or Lutestrings, the Gross, Quantity 12 Dozen Knots —

Cat Skins. See Skins.

Cattle from the Me of Man. See Man, Isle of.

Caviare, the cwt. -

Cayenne Pepper. See Pepper.

Chalk, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Chamaemeli Flores. See Camomile Flowers.

Cheese, the cwt.

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Chemical Oil. See Oil.

Cherries, the cwt. -

Chesnuts. See Nuts.

Chimney Pieces, of Marble or Stone, sculptured. See Stones.

China Root, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

China Ware, or Porcelaine, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Chip Hats or Bonnets. See Hats.

- Manufactures of, to make Hats or Bonnets. See Platting.

Cider, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons -

Subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Cinders, the Chalder, Quantity 36 Bushels, Winchester Measure —

Cinnabar. See Vermillion.

Cinnabaris Nativa, the lb.

Cinnamon, viz.

- of the Produce of, and imported from, any British Colony or Plantation

in America, the lb. -

- imported under Licence, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Cinnamon may be so imported from any Place, fee 3 & 4 Ann. c. 4. 8 Ann. c. 7. 6 Geo. I. c. 21. See also 8 Geo. 1. c. 18. which is continued by several Statutes, and by 43 Geo. 3. c. 29. further continued to the 29th September 1809, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Cinnamoni Oleum. See Oil of Cinnamon.

Citron, preserved with Salt, for every £. 100 of the Value —

- with Sugar. See Succades.

Citron Water. See Spirits.

Civet, the oz. Troy -

Clap Boards. See Boards, in Wood.

Clocks, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Cloths, Woollen. See Woollen Cloths.

Clover Seed. See Seed.

£ d-Ol6

o 14 I 2 15 O

35 0 o

35 o o

o 10 o 006 004 0 12

0*6 C'3 6

0 7 3 35 o o 028

083

007 o 1 7

50 o o

770 o 13 4

O I o

o i 6 054

35 0 0

026

35 00

£. s. d.

07 6 200 25 o o

25 o o

076

004

002

o 1 4

022

25 o o

004

o o 10

36 II o

5 3 3'

006

o 40

25 o o

014 25 o o

Cloves,

2

C. 68

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

»4 ]

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards.

Duty. Drawback.

£. sd.

1 030 O25

° 3 3 0 2 5

170

20 0 0 15 0 0

0 0 10

Clpves, viz.

- of the Produce of, and imported from any British Colony or Plantation in America^ the lb. - I

- imported under Licence, the lb. — — — j

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Cloves mayj be so imported from any Place, fee 3 & 4 Ann. c. 4. 8 Ann. c. 7.; 6 Geo. I. c. 21. See also 8 Geo. I. c. 18. which is continued by severali Statutes, and by 43 Geo. 3. c. 29. further continued to the 29th tember 1809, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Coals, the Chalder, Quantity 36 Bushels Winchester Measure —

Cobalt, for every £100. of the Value -

Cochineal, the lb. -

Cocoa Nuts, viz.

' -...of the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, on Im

portation to be secured in Warehouses, the cwt. —

of the Produce of any other Country or Place, on Importation, to be

secured in Warehouses, the cwt. —

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Cocoa Nuts shall, on Importation, be secured in Warehouses, fee 10 Geo. 1. c. 10. 6 Geo. 3. c. 52. See also 35 Geo. 3. c. 118.

- when taken out of such Warehouses for Consumption in Great Britain,

the lb. - 1

Subie& also to an Inland Duty of Excise.

Coculus Indus, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. —

- not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. —

Coffee, viz.

- of the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, on Import

ation, to be secured in Warehouses, the cwt.

of the Produce of any other Country or Place, on Importation, to be fe< cured in Warehouses, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Coffee shall, on Importation, be secured in Warehouses. See 1© G. 1. c. 10. 6 G. 3*r. 52. See also 35 G. 3. c. 118.

not of the British Plantations.

For the Comutions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which such Coffee shall, on Importation into the Ports of London, Bristol, Liverpool, Glasgow, or Leith, be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty. See 32 G. 3. c. 43.

when taken out of such Warehouses respectively, for Consumption in Great Britain, the lb. —

£ubje& also to an Inland Duty of Excise.

Coin, viz.

--of Copper. See Copper.

--Foreign, of Gold or Silver. See Bullion.

Cole Seed. See Seed.

Colophonia. See Rofim

Coloquintida, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- >--not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Colours for Painters. Sec Painters* Colours.

Columbo Root, the lb.

Comfits, the lb.

Coney Skins. See Skins.

- W00L See Wool.

Confe&io Alkermes. See Alkermes.

Contrayervae Lapis. See Lapis.

- Radix. See Radix.

Copaiba, or Capivi Balsam. See Balsam.

Copal Gum. See Gum.

Copper, viz.

Ore, the cwt.

- unwrought, viz. Copper Bricks, Rose Copper, and all Caff Copper, the cwt.

" 11 Copper in Plates and Copper Coin, the cwt.

3

006

006

002

010

026

006 0 0 6

o

o

0 9

1 10

008 01 6

o

o

o

0 6

1 o

9 4

0

1

Copper

Copper, continued,

- Part wrought, viz. Bars, Rods, or Ingots, hammered or raised, the cwt. —

- Manufactures of Copper and Copper Plates, engraved, for every £ 100 of the Value -

Copperas, viz.

- Blue, the cwt.

- Green, the cwt.

- White, the cwt.

Coral, viz.

- Beads. See Beads.

--in Fragments, the lb.

--whole, polished, the lb. —

- unpolished, the lb. —

Cordage, tarred or untarred, the cwt.

Cordial Waters. See Spirits.

Cordivant Skins. See Skins.

Coriander Seed. See Seed.

Cork, the cwt. -

Corks ready made, the Gross, Quantity 12 Dozen —

Com, viz.

--Wheat, Wheatmeal or Flour, Rye, Barley, Beer or Bigg, Oats, Oatmeal,

Pease, Beans, Indian Corn or Maize.

TABLE, N° I.

The following Duties are payable thereon on Importation, except from Ireland> the Province of Quebec, and the other Bvit'ish Colonies, or Plantations in North America, viz.

--Wheat, if the District Price at the Port of Importation is,

- under 50s. per Quarter — high Duty — the Quarter

at or above yar. but under 54*. per Quarter — -first low Duty — the Quarter -

- at or above 54l. per Quarter — second low Duty — the Quarter

--Rye, Pease, Beans, if the District Price at the Port of Importation is

- under 341. per Quarter — high Duty — the Quarter

- at or above 34J. but under 3js, per Quarter — first low Duty — the Quarter -

- at or above 37l. per Quarter — second low Duty, the Quarter

- Barley, Beer, or Bigg, if the District Price at the Port of Importation is

- under 25J. per Quarter — high Duty — the Quarter - - at or above 25l. but under 27l. per Quarter — first low Duty — the

Quarter -

- at or above 27l. per Quarter — second low Duty — the Quarter --Oats, if the District Price at the Port of Importation is,

- under 17x. per Quarter high Duty — the Quarter

- at or above 17l. but under 18l. per Quarter — first low Doty — the

Quarter -

- at or above 18>. per Quarter — second low Duty — the Quarter

- Wheatmeal and Flour, if the District Price of Wheat at therort of Import-

ation is,

- _ ..... under 50l. per Quarter — high Duty — the cwt.

- at or above yar/But under 54-r. per Quarter — first low

Duty — the cwt. —

- at sr above 54J. per Quarter — second low Duty —

the cwt. -

--Indian Corn or Maize, if the District Price of Barley at the Port of Im-

rnation is,

2$s. per Quarter — high Duty — the Quarter —

- at or above 25l. but under 27l. per Quarter — first low

Duty — the Quarter -

- i. — at or above 27l. per Quarter — second low Duty — the

Quarter -

£* d*

o 18 8

35 0 0

o

o

o

o

o

1 4 3

026

006

1-2 0

Ol6 0 0 3

12 0

o i 3

OO3

067

OIO 0 0 2

0 6 6

Ol6 OIO

12 0

o I 3

003

£. /. d.

25 o

0 0 2 0 2 0 OIO

o

o

Oatmeal,

Corn, continued,

- Oatmeal, if the District Price at the Port of Importation if

- under 16s. per B< 1' of i^olbs. Avoirdupois, or I28lbs. Scotch Troy

- high Duty — the Bell -

- at or above 16s. but under 17s. per Boll — first low Duty — the Boll

- at or above tys. per Boll — second low Duty — the Boll —

- Wheat, Whcatmeal, or Flour, Rye, Barley, Beer, or Bigg, Oats, Oatmeal, 1

Pcafc, Beans, Indian Corn or Maize.

TABLE, N° II.

The following Duties are payable thereon, on Importation from Ireland] the Province of Quebec, and the other British Colonies or Plantations in, North America, viz. j

- Wheat, if the Distii& Price at the Port of Importation is, j

--under 48l. per Quarter — high Duty — the Quarter —

--at or above 48J. but under 52s. per Quarter — first low Duty — the

Quarter -

--at or above 52J. per Quarter - second low Duty — the Quarter —

- Eye, Pease, Beans, if the District Price at the Port of Importation is,

--under 32s. per Quarter — high Duty — the Quarter — j

--at or above 32J. but under 35J. per Quarter — first low Duty — the Quarter

--at or above 35*. per Quarter — second low Duty — the Quarter

- Barley, Beer, or Bigg, if the District Price at the Port of Importation is

- under 241. per Quarter — high Duty — the Quarter

--at or above 24*. but under 26s. per Quarter — first low Duty — the]

Quarter -

--at or above 26s. per Quarter — second low Duty — the Quarter

- Oats, if the District Price at the Port of Importation is ----- under idr. per Quarter — high Duty — the Quarter

- at or above 16s. but under 17, ?. per Quarter — first low Duty — the|

Quarter -

--at or above 171. per Quarter — second low Duty — the Quarter

- Wheatmeal and Flour, if tKe District Price of Wheat at tEe Port of Im-|

portation is

- under 48.1. per Quarter — high Duty — the cwt.

- at or above 481. but under 52J. per Quarter — first low]

Duty — the cwt.

- at or above 52s. per Quarter — second low Duty — the cwt,

- Indian Corn or Maize, if the District Price of Barley at the Port of Im-|

portation, is

- under 24s. per Quarter — high Duty — the Quarter

- at or above 24-r. but under 26c. per Quarter — first low]

Duty — the Quarter —

- at or above 26s, per Quarter — second low Duty — the]

Quarter -

- Oatmeal, if the District Price at the Port of Importation is

--under 15J. per Boll, of 140^8. avoirdupois, or i281bs. Scotch Troy]

- high Duty — the Boll -

- 1 — at or above 15l. but under 16l. per Boll — first low Duty — the BollJ

- at or about 16l. per Boll — second low Duty — the Boll

- Wheatmeal or Flour, Rye, Barley, Beer or Big, Oats, Oatmeal, Pease, Beans,]

Indian Corn, or Maize.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which such Corn may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, fee 31 Geo. 3. c. 30. and 32 Geo. 3. c. 65.

- Having been secured in Warehouses, when taken out to be used or consumed

in Great Britain, such Duties shall first be paid as shall at the Time of taking out, be due and payable for the like Sort of Corn, Meal, or Flour imported into the same Port from any Foreign Countiy; and also in Addition to such Duties, the several and respective Duties specified in the Table marked No. I. under the Name of the first Low Duties.

7

d.

I 4 3

0 2 6

0 0 6

I 2 0

0 1, 6

0 0 3

I - 2 0

0 1 3

0 0 3

0 6 7

0 1 0

0 0 2

0 6 6

0 1 6

0 0 2

I 2 0

0 1 3

0 0 3

0 8 0

0 1 0

0 0 2

£ s. d.

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C 68

Corn, continued

- His Majesty in Council may, when the general Average Price of any Sort of Corn or of Oatmeal in England or Scotland respectively, shall appear to be at Or above the Prices at which foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour of the same: Sort, is allowed by Law to be imported at the first low Duty, specified in

the Table marked No. I. permit generally the Importation into England or Scotland respectively, or the taking out of Warehouse for Home Consumption, of any such Sort of foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour, or Payment of the — — - second low Duty only, as specified in the said Table No. I. and no other; and such Permission shall continue in Force for the Space of three Months at lead, from the Date of the Order in Council made for that Purpose. See 33 Geo. 3. c. 65.

- His Majesty in Council is authorized, whatever may be the general Price of any Sort of Corn or Grain, or of Oatmeal in England and Scotland respectively, from Time to Time, when and as often as the same Avail be judged expedient, to permit generally the Importation into Great Britain of any foreign Wheat, Rye, Barley, Beer or Big, Pease, Beans, Oats, or any Meal or Flour, or Bread, Biscuit, or Malt made thereof, or any Indian Corn or Maize, or^Meal, or Flour made thereof, in any British Vessel, or-in any other Vessel belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, navigated in any Manner whatever; and also the taking out of Warehouse for Home Consumption, of any such foreign Com or other Article as aforesaid, without Payment of any Duty. His Majesty is likewise authorized in like Manner, to recall such Permission, either in Part, or in the Whole, if Circumstances shall appear so to require. See 39 Geo. 3. c. 87. continued by several Acts, and by 43 Geo. 3. c. 12. further continued to the 1st January 1804.

Note. — All foreign Cora, when delivered out of any Ship or Vessel in the Port of London, is subject also to a Duty of Two-pence per Last or ten Quarters, to be paid to the Inspector of Com Returns.

Com Powder. See Gunpowder.

Cornu Cervi Calcinatum, the lb.

Cortex, viz.

- Angufturae, the lb.

- Canophylloide8, the lb.

- Eleutheriie, the cwt.

-r--- Guaiaci, the cwt.

- Limonum or Aurentiorum, the lb.

- Peruvianus or Jesuits Bark, the lb.

- Simarouba, the lb.

- Wioteranus, the lb. -

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £ 100. of the Value

Costus, the lb.

Cotton Cloth of the Manufacture of the Isle of Man. See Many Isle of.

Cotton Manufactures, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £ 100. of the Value

Cotton Thread. See Thread.

- Wool. See Wool.

- Yam. See Yam.

Cow or Ox Hair. Sec Hair.

--^--- Hair I

- Tails J

d.

See Hides.

Cow-itch, the lb.

Cowries, imported from Europe under Licence for Exportation to Africa, for every £ 100. of the Value -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Cowries may be so imported* fee 5 Geo. 3. c. 30.

Cows. See Cattle.

See also the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Cranberries, the Gallon -

Crapes. See Silk, wrought.

Crayons, for every £100. of the Value -

Cream of Tartar, the cwt. -

Crout, viz. Sour Crout, for every £100. of the Value -

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

43 Geo. III.*5 H

004

010 003 0120 o 16 10

O 0 2

O I O O O O

o o

35 o

o o

o

6

3

o

6

o

o

o

Q

O

9

o

o

*5

o 6

6 4. 8 1.0 o 1

6

2

2

o

3

52 o o

41 10

006 2 0 0

0 0 6

35 o o 094

35 © 0

25 o o

2$ O O' Crystal,

SCHEDULE (A.) — Ihwaibs.

|Set h 3. of this

Duty.

Crystal, viz.

- Beads. See Beads.

- in Fragments, the lb.

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every *icx>. of the Value

Cubebs, the lb.

Cucumbers, viz.

- Pickled, the Gallon -

- preserved in Salt and Water, for every f 100. of the Value

Culm, the Chalder, Quantity 36 Bushels, WinchtJlcrMeasure — Cummin Seed. See Seed.

Currants, viz.

- imported in a 2?r/ty2>-built Ship, the cwt. —

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. —

Cuttle Bones, the 1000 —

Cypenis, the cwt.

25 3

o 15 9

006

008

009 018 o o to

D.

Damalk Tabling or Napkining. See Linen.

Dates, the cwt. -

Daucus Creticus. See Daucus Seed, in Seed.

SSf"*' }s«.Wood.

Deer Skins. See Skins.

Denia Raisins. See Raisins.

Diagrydium. See Scammony.

Diamonds, Duty-free.

Diaper Tabling or Napkitting. See Linen.

Dice, the Pair -

Dittany, the lb.

Bol-Ssiln,

Dog Stones. Sec Stones.

Down, the lb. -

of Muscovy Or Rit/Jta, not imported in a British-built Ship, the lb*

Drawings, coloured, each -

>.«-» plain, each -

Dressing Boxes. See Boxes.

Drillings. See Linen.

Drugs on which specifick Duties are payable -according to the Quantity. See the) several Articles in Alphabetical Course. not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty for every £. 100 of the Value -

Duck. See Sail Cloth, in Linen.

E.

Earthen Ware, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £. 100 of the Value East India Goods. For the Duties and Drawbacks on Goods imported by the East India Company, fee Table C.

Ebony. Sec Wood.

Eels, viz. Quick Eels, the Ship's Lading -

Eggs, the 100, Quantity 6 Score -

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Elastic Bottles, or Burrachas. See India Rubbers.

Elbing Canvas. See Canvas, in Linen.

Eleborus. See Hellebore.

Elephants' Teeth, the cwt. — r-

Eleutheriae Cortex. See Cortex.

Eiimi Gum. See Gum.

Elk Hair. See Hair.

--Skins. See Skins.

Emeralds* Rubies, and all other precious Stones and Jewels (except Diamonds), fori

every £ ico of the Value — — 5 o o

Emery Stones. See Stonea.

Enamel, the lb. - 043

d.

0 0 6 35 o o 003

0 r o

35 o o

1 o o

7 3

i 8 10 076 094

35

50 o o

O

o

Drawback.

O025 0 0

0 0 2

25

t 1 9

1 1 9

0 5 3 050

2 Z S

002

25 o o

40 o o

1 4 s

016

BnnLc

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 68

Enulac Campan* Radix. 7 - A.

Eringii Radix., } Sec Rad, xV

Ermine Skins. See Skins.

E fleece* yiz.

- of Bergamot, the lb. -

- of Lemon, the lb.

of Spruce, for every £, 100 of the Value -

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £, 100 of the Value

Eftridge Feathers. See Oilrich Feathers, in Feathers.

- Wool. See Oftrkh Wool, in Wool.

Euphojrbium, the lb. -

F.

Fan-mounts of Leather, for every £. 100 of the Value —

Faro Raisins. See Raisins.

Feather Beds. See Feathers for Beds.

Note. — The Duty on Feather Beds is payable according to the Quantity of Feathers contained therein.

Feathers, viz.

- for Beds, the cwt. -

- of Muscovy or Rufta, not imported in a British-built Ship,

the cwt. -

£ / </.

026 026 35 o o 35 o o

003

90 o o

i 15 6

OF rich or Eftrich, dressed, the lb.

undressed, the lb.

Vulture, for every £. 100 of the Value —

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £.100 of the Value

Fephia Actes. See Ashes.

Fennel Seed.

Fenugreek Seed.

Fiddles for Children.

1 17 x 11 o S 35 o 35 o

1

j See Seed.

See Toys.

Figs imported in a British-buih Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

Filtering Stones. See Stones.

Fir Quarters.

- Timber. J- See Wood*

Fire Wood.

Fish, viz.

- Fresh Fish, Z?r; 7//2>-taken, and imported in Brili/b-bu\lt Ships or Vessel3,

Duty-free.

- British taking and curing,

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which any such Fish may be imported into Great Britain, Duty-free, fee the Act to which this Schedule is annexed, 6, 7.J Fisher Skins. See Skins.

Fishing Nets, Old. See Rags.

Fish Oil. See Train Oil, in Oil.

Fitches Skins. See Skins.

Flag Brooms. See Brooms.

Flannel, the Yard -

Fla Iks. See Bottles.

Flax, viz.

- dressed, imported in a 2?r/7f/&-built Ship, the cwt. —

- not imported in a British*built Ship, the cwt.

- rough or undressed, the cwt. -

Flax Seed. See Linseed, in Seed.

Flint Stones for Potters.*See Stones.

Flocks, the cwt. -

Flower Roots, Trees, or Plants, for ever}" £. 100 of the Value Flowers, Artificial, not made of Silk, for every £, too of the Value Forest Seed. See Garden Seed, in Seed.

Foflils, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £. 100 of the Value — Fowls. See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

H t

o'! 4

o 13 9

o i 4

0 145 o o 25 6 O

0 0 2

1^0 0

3 f

1 3 5 o '7 xo O 3 II 25 o o 25 00

092

092

0 090 0 5

6 12 3 4 17 0

6 17 6 4 17 0

0 0 3

0 11 3 0 7 10

20 0 0 15 0 0

35 0 0 25 0 0

20 0 0 5 0 0

Frame#

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards.

Frames for PiClures, Print?, or Drawings, for every £, 100 of the Value Frankincense, the cwt. -

Fruit, Artificial, for every £, 100 of the Value -

Furrier's Waste, fit only for making Glue, the cwt. —

Furs. See Skins.

Furze Se^d. See Seed.

Fuflick. See Wood.

Gad Steel. 'See Steel.

Galanga, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. — - not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Galbanum, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Galley Tiles. See Tiles.

Galls, the cwt. -

Gamboge, the lb. -

Game. See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Garden Seed; See Seed.

Glrnets, viz.*

- cut, 'the lb. -

rbugh, the lb.

Duty. Drawb u: k.

£. d. £ s, d.

35 0 0 25 0 0

0 6 2 032

35 o ° 25 0 0

0 12 3 ——

o o o o o o o 1

__________l

050

008

o 16 10 0 5.8

40 0 0

Gauze of Thread, for every £. too of the Value -

Geldings. See Horses.

Gem. 1 SeC Sal.

Geneva. "See Spirits. 1

Gentian, the lb. - i o o

Gibraltar. — For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Goods, j'Wares, and Merchandize of the Growth or Production of the Dominions of the Emperor of Morocco may be imported from Gibraltar on Payment of such Duties only as are or shall be payable on the1 like Goods whefi imported directly from Africa, fee 27 Geo. 3. c. 19.

Ginger, viz.

- of the Bridjh Plantations, the cwt. — — — ! o 14 o

- not of the British Plantations, the cwt. — — — ! 1 12 S

- preserved, the lb. - I O o 9

Ginseng, the lb. - 0010

Glass, viz.

- Bottles. See Bottles.

- broken, fit only to be re-manufactured, the cwt. — — 019

- Plate Glass, and all other Glass Manufactures, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £. ico of the Value — — — 70 o o

Glass Manufactures are subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Glover's Clippings, fit only to make Glue, the cwt. — — — 03

Glue, the cvyt. - 07

Goat Hair. See Hair.

- Skins. See Skins.

- Wool. See Goat Hair, in Hair.

Gold Coin. See Bullion.

--Plate. See Plate.

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of certain Colonies and Plantations in America, delivered up by the late Definitive Treaty of Peace.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which such Goods may, until the 26th June 1805, be imported directly from thence into Great Britain, upon Payment of such Duties as would have been or would be due and payable for such Goods if they had been imported from any of the British IVfi-Ir.Jia I (lands, in British Ships, fee 42 Geo. 3. c. 95.

Goods or Commodities (except Tobacco, Snuff, and Rice, ) being the Produce of any Territory, Possession, or Country, not under the Dominion of his Majesty on the Continent of America, or in the Wesi Indies,

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Jleftri&ions, under which such Goods may until the ill of January 1804, uv.de r his Majesty's Order in Council,

0 0 2 004

003

008

004

on90311 30 16 8

o o 1

0106

160

004

008

010

43 0 0 o 1 3

040

Goods, &c. continued.

be imported into Great Britain from any such Territories, Possessions, or Countries, and may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty for the Purpose of being re-exported to Foreign Parts, fee 42 Geo. 3. c. 80.

Goose Quills. See Quills.

Grain. See Corn.

Grains, viz. Guinea Grains, the lb. -

Grapes, for every 100 of the Value -

- Rape of See Rape of Grapes.

Grave Stones. See Stones.

Grease, the cwt.

Greaves for Dogs, the cwt.

Grogram Yam. See Yarn.

Guaiacum Cortex. See Cortex.

- Gum. See Gum.

Guernsey, Island of.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Production, and Manufacture of the Islands ', f C ernfiy, jfujcy, Sark, or Alderney, (Salt excepted, fee 30 Geo. 3. c. 89.; and Slate and Stone, not being Burr Stones, or Stones uied for the Pu pose of paving or making or mending Roads, fee 34 Geo. 3. c. 51. and 42 Geo. 3. c. 95.) may be imported from those Islands by the Inhabitants thereof without Payment of any Duty, except such Excise or other Duty as shall be payable for the like Goods of the Grov th, Production, and Manufacture of Great Britain. See 3 Geo. 1. c. 4. But Foreign Goods, having been lawfully imported into the said Islands, and Foreign Goods and Commodities in part or fully manufactured in either of them, and which may be legally imported from thence into Great Britain, are subject to such Duties as are payable for the like Goods when imported from any Foreign Country of which they are the Growth, Product, or Manufacture. See 3 Geo. 1. c. 4.

Guinea Grains. See Grains.

- Pepper. Sec Pepper.

- Wood. See Red Wood, in Wood.

Gum, viz.

- Ammoniacus, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- Animi, the lb. -

- Arabic, the cwt. -

- Cake-lac. See Lac, in Gura.

- Calhcw, the cwt. -

- Copal, the lb. -

- Elemi, the lb.

--Guaiacum, the lb. -

- Juniper. See Gum Sandrake.

- Lac, viz.

- Cake-lac, the lb. -

- Shellac or Seed-lac, the lb. -

Stick-lac, the cwt.

- Opopanax, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- Sagapenum, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. —

- Sandrake or Juniper, the cwt. -

- Sarcocolla, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- Seed-lac. See Lac, in Gum.

Senega, the cwt.

- if imported from Europe in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Senega may be so imported, fee 25 Geo. 2. c. 32.

Gum

003 35

010 o 1 2

0 0 6

0 1 3

0 0 4

0 4 2

0 4 2

0 0 10

0 0 4

0 1 0

0 0 2

0 0 3

0 4 8

0 2 0

0 4 10

0 0 5

0 1 3

0 10 6

0 0 5

0 1 3

0 4 2

I 0 0

£ /. d.

0 0 2 25 O O

OOIO

O O O O

o o

006 0 0 2 0 0 6

OOI 0 0 2

1

2 O O

4

o

o

Gum

Gum continued.

- St'ick-L. } See Lac*in Gum'

- Tacamahaca, the lb. - *I

- Tragaganth, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. —

not imported directly from the Place of it3 Growth, the lb. — j

- 0 0 11

- ! 0 11 0

- 1 0 10 6

- 0 0 2

__ — 20 0 0

- 0 2 6

of the Value — 20 0 0

- 6 0 0

- 8 8 0

0 1 2

- not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, forj

every £. 100 of the Value -

Gunpowder, viz.

- Com Powder, the cwt. —

- Serpentine Powder, the cwt. —

Gutta Gambae. See Gamboge.

Gutting Canvas. See Canvas, in Linen.

IL

Hair, viz.

- Camel, the lb.

- Co^r, or Ox, the cwt.

- Elk, the cwt. -

Goat, or Turkey Goats Wool, the lb. —

- Hats made of See Hats.

- Horse, for every £.100 of the Value —

- Human, the lb. -

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £.

Hair Powder, the cwt.

- perfumed, the cwt.

Hams. See Bacon.

See also the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Hand Scoops, the Dozen -

Handspikes. See Wood.

Hard Wax. See Wax.

Hare Skins. See Skins.

- Wool. See Wool.

Harp Strings, the Gnofs, Quantity 12 Dozen Knot3 Hart Homa. See Horns.

Hats, viz.

- Bast or Straw Hats or Bonnets, each Hat or Bonnet not exceeding 22 Inches in Diameter, the Dozen

- each Hat or Bonnet exceeding 22 Inches in Diameter, the

Dozen

- Chip, Cane, or Horse Hair Hats or Bonnets, each Hat or Bonnet not exceeding 22 Inches in Diameter, the Dozeu

- each Hat or Bonnet exceeding 22 Inches in Diameter, the

Dozen -

- made of or mixed with Felt, Hair, Wool, or Beaver, the Hat

Hay, the Load, Quantity 36 Truffes, each Truss being 56 lbs.

Head-matter. See Train Oil, in Oil.

Heath for Brufties, the cwt.

Hellebore, the lb.

Hemp, viz.

-dressed, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a Brit'tjb-built Ship, the cwt.

- rough or undressed, imported in a British-bmh Ship, the cwt. —

- not imported in a British-hwWx. Ship, the cwt. —

- of the Produce of the BrUjJh Plantations in America,

the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt.

- Seed. See Seed.

- Oil. See Oil.

£ j. d. £- s. d;

O 1 0 0 0 6

O 0 6 0 0 2

O 1 0 0 0 6

35 0 0 0 0

2 4 8 I II 3

1 7 10 O l9 6

3

060

0120

066

0 13

1 1 o 14

° 5 o o

18 I 10

5

Hermoda&yl, the lb.

Heffens Canvass. See Canvass, in Linen.

Hides, viz.

- Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox, in the Hair, r.ot tanned, tawed, or in any way

dr effort, the Hide —

- imported in a BritijUbuilt Ship, the Hide

8

° 5

o 1

o o

o o 10

o 10 6

0 3 11

001

1 19 o 1 19 o ° 3 4 0 3 4

o o

Hides,

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

Hides, continued.

- Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox, tanned, the lb.

- Tails, the 100, Quantity c Score

- Elk. See Skins.

- Horse, Mare, or Gelding, in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way

dressed, the Hide

- imported in a 2?ri/j/£-built Ship, the Hide

- tanned, the lb. —

- Losh, the lb. -

- Muscovy or Russia> tanned, the lb.

- raw or undressed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, imported from any British Colony or Plantation in America, for every £. 10o of the Value -

- or Pieces of Hides, raw or undressed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty as such, for every £. 100 of the Value -

- 7--- or Pieces of Hides, tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, not particularly

enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty as such, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Hogs. See Cattle.

See also the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Hog's Lard. See Lard.

Hones, the 100, Quantity 5 Score -

Honey, the cwt.

Hoops, viz.

- of Iron, the cwt. -

- of Wood, the 1000 -

Hops, the cwt.

Horns, viz.

- Buffalo, Cow, or Ox, the 100, Quantity 5 Score -

- Hart or Stag, the 100, Quantity 5 Score -

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £.100 of the Value

Horn Tips, the 100, Quantity 5 Score -

Horse Hair. See Hair.

--'--- Hats or Bonnets. See Hats.

- Hides. See Hides.

Horses, Mares, or Geldings, each -

Human Hair. See Hair.

Hungary Water. See Spirits.

Hulks or Knubs of Silk. See Silk Knubs, in Silk.

Hulfe Skins. See Skins.

I.

Jalap, the lb.

Jamaica Wood. See Braziletto Wood, in Wood.

Japonica Terra. See Terra.

strftyi Mail'd of See Guernsey

Jeriamine Oil. See Oil.

Jesuits Bark. See Cortex Peruvianus.

Jet, the lb.

- Beads. See Beads.

Jewels. She Emeralds.

Incle, viz.

- unwrought, the lb. -

- wrought, the lb. -

India-Rubbers or Burtachas, the lb. -

Indian Corn or Maize. See Corn.

Indigo, the 100 lbs.

Ink, for Prkiters, the cwt. -

Ipecacoanhsc Radix. See Radix.

Ireland. The Duties and Drawbacks of Customs on Articles the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland, (Corn and Grain excepted, ) imported directly from thencej are not in any way altered, varied, or repealed, by any

3

£ X. d.

0 0 6

0 3 6

0 1 4

0 0 6

0 0 6

0 1 0

0 0 10

3 12 0

20 0 0

90 0 0

0 14 2

094

0 0

0 7 10

5 5 0

0 3 4

0 12 6

20 0 0

0 1 2

3 0 0

O O

O 3 o o

O 12 O 12

C. 68.

£. x. d.

026

o o 3

15 o 6

25 o o

o 10 o

3 4

053

440

o i 3

045 15 o o 008

008

008

0 2 0 OOl

o 7 IO

Ireland,

792

C. 68.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

See the Act to which this Schedule is an-

Ireland\ continued.

Thing herein contained nexed, 4.]

Iris Root. See Orrice Root,

Iron, viz.

- in Bars or unwrought, of the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America) and imported from thence, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt.

- of Muscovy or Rujfiay imported in a British^x&X. Ship, the

Ton Quantity 20 cwt. —

- not imported in a British-built Ship.

the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt.* —

- of any other Country, imported in a British-bu\\t Ship, the

Ton, Quantity 20 cwt. —

- not imported in a British-built Ship,

the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt.

- Slit or hammered into Rods, and Iron drawn or hammered less than £ of an

Inch square,

- of Muscovy or Russia, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. —

not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

[# See §32 —

- of any other Country, the cwt.

- Call, for every /*. loo of the Value -

- Hoops. See Hoops.

- old broken and old call Iron, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt

- Ore, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt.

- Pig Iron, viz.

- of the Produce of and imported from the British Plantations

in America, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt.

- not of the Produce of and imported from the British Plantations in America, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt. —

Iiinglass, viz.

- of the Produce of and imported from the British Plantations in America,

the cwt.

- not of the Produce of and imported from the British Plantations in America,

the cwt. -

Isle of Man. See Man % Isle of.

Juice of Lemons, Limes, or Oranges, the Gallon —

Juniper Berries. See Berries.

- Gum. See Gum Sandrake.

- Oil. See Oil.

Junk, Old. See Rags, Old.

Ivory, the lb. -

K.

Kelp, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt.

Kidney Beans. See Garden Seed, in Seed.

See also the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Kid Skins. See Skins.

Kits of Wood. See Pails.

Knees of Oak. See Wood.

Knubs of Silk. See Silk Knubs, in Silk.

Lac. See Lac, in Gum.

Lace, viz.

Silk Lace*, for every £. 100 of the Value

35. of the ASt.] --- Thread Lace, not exceeding 20s. the Yard in Value, for every £. 100 of the

Value -

exceeding 20s. the Yard in Value, the Yard,

Lamb, whether salted or otherwif

See the Note under the Head of Provisions. Lamb Skins. 7 Slink. J

See Skins.

Lambs. See Cattle.

See also the Note under the Head of Provisions.

d.

d.

o 13 o

37 8

412 6

3*78 410 3

on 6 012 o o n 6 35 o o

o 10 o o 5 o'

046 o 10 6

048 o 14 o 006

030

128

2 12 S 2128 2 12 8 2128

°9 S 095 095 25 o o

026

050

003

020

O 15 Q

20 O O 20 O O

040

Lambs*

A.D. 180j

43° GEORGII III.

C. 68

793

SCHEDULE (A.) — Imwards. Duty. Drawback.

Lamb's Wool. See Wool. £. d. £ ' d.

Lamp Black, the cwt. - Lapis, viz. - Calaminaris, the cwt. - 2 10 O48 1 »3 3

- Contrayervae, the oz. Troy - OIO 0 0 6

- Lazuli, the Jb. - 0 0 8 0 0 4

Tuti, the lb. - Lard, the cwt. - Lathwood. See Wood. Latten, viz. Black, the cwt. - > Shaven, the cwt. - OO4 048 0 16 10 1 10 3 O O f 0 12 2 1 04

Lavender Flowers, the lb. - Water. See Spirits. Lawns. See Linen. Lazuli Lapis. See Lapis. Lead, viz. 005 OO3

- Black, the cwt. - 020 O06

- Ore, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt, - £ 2 4 0 15 8

- Red, the cwt. - O5O °*5

White, the cwt. - Leaf Metal. See Metal. Leather, any Manufacture of Leather, or any Manufacture w hereof Leather is the most valuable Part, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every' 062 0 2 11

£. 100 of the Value - 90 O O 25 0 0

Leaves of Gold, the 100 Leaves - 0 i 6 OIO

Leaves of Roses or Violets, the lb. - 004 0 0 3

Lemons, the 1000 — — — r- — — Juice of See Juice. Pickled, the Ton, Quantity 252 Gallons — — — Lentiles, the Bushel - See the Note under the Head of Provisions. Leopard Skins. See Skins. Lcxia Raifms. See Raisins. Lignum, viz. 0 11 8 248 040 0 6 23 3

- Quaflia*, the cwt. - Rhodium. See Rosewood, in Wood. Vitae. 'See Wood. Lime Stone. See Stones. Limes, Juice of See Juice. Litnonum Cortex. See Cortex. Sal. See Sal. Linen, viz. - Cambricks and Lawns, commonly called French Lawnsf, the Half Piece, 2 16 0 180

Quantity 6£ Ells - Canvass, viz. — Heflens Canvass or Dutch Barras, the 120 Ells — — Packing Canvass, Guttings, Spruce, Elling or Queensborough Canvass, 079 I 13 6 00 0

the 120 Ells - Damask Tabling of the Manufacture of the Batavian Republick, viz. 1 1 10 0 16 II

- not exceeding 1 Ell -J- in Breadth, the Yard — — above 1 Ell f and under 2 EUs in Breadth, the Yard — — of the Breadth of 2 Ells or upward* and under 3 Ells, the Yard — — t of the Breadth of 3 Ells or upwards, the Yard — — — Damask Tabling of the Manufacture of Silc/ia, or of any other Place not 062 070 080 0 xx 8 j 0 4 10 0 58 066 0910

otherwise enumerated or described, the Yard square — Damask Towelling and Napkining, of the Manufacture of the Batavian 0 1 3 0 0 10

Republick, the Yard - Damask Towelling and Napkining of the Manufacture of Silc/iat or of any other Place, not otherwise enumerated or described, the 024 0 1 8

Yard — __ ___ — 43 Geo. III. 5 I 008 005 Linen,

f $er additional

Dufy, c this S$on.]

r +»*jr.

tftku AH. J

Linen, continued.

- Diaper Tabling of the Manufacture of the Batavian Republick, viz.

- not exceeding 1 Ell -j. in Breadth, the Yard -

- above 1 Ell -J- and under 2 Ells in Breadth, the Yard —

- of the Breadth of 2 Ells or upwards, and under 3 Ells the Yard —

- of the Breadth of 3 Ells or upwards, the Yard -

- Diaper Tabling of the Manufacture of Sile/ia, or of any other Place, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Yard -

- Diaper Towelling and Napkining of the Manufacture of the Batavian Repub-

iick, the Yard -

Diaper Towelling and Napkining of the Manufacture of Silesia, or of any other PJ face, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Yard, - Drillings and Pack Duck, the 120 Ells -

- Flanders Linen, and Linen of the Manufacture of the Batavian Republick,

plain, not otherwise enumerated or described, viz.

- not exceeding 1 Ell i in Breadth, the Ell -

--above 1 Ell f and under 2 Ells in Breadth, the Ell —

- of the Breadth of 2 Ells or upwards, and under 3 Ells, the Ell —

- of the Breadth of 3 Ells or upwards, the Ell -

German, Switzerland, East Country (except Rujia) and Silesia Cloth, plain, viz.

- not exceeding 31J Inches in Breadth, the 120 Ells

- above the Breadth of 31$ Inches, and not exceeding 36 Inches, the

120 Ells -

i--above 36 Inches in Breadth, the 120 Ells —

- Hinderlands Brown, under 22{ Inches in Breadth, the 120 Ells

- : — Lawns, viz.

- Sile/ia and all other Lawns, plain (except Cambricks and French

Lawns), not bleached in the Batavian Republick, the Piece not exceeding 8 Yards in Length -

- Sile/ia and all other Lawns, plain (except Cambricks and French

Lawns), bleached in the Batavian Republick, the Piece not exceeding 8 Yards in Length -

- Oil Cloth, not exceeding Yard-wide, the Ell -

- exceeding Yard-wide, the Ell -

- Pack Duck. See Drillings, in Linen.

- Russia Linen plain, viz.

- Towelling and Napkining of the Manufacture of Russia, not exceeding

2i{ Inches in Breadth,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells

- Russia Linen not otherwise enumerated or described,

- not exceeding 22 \ Inches in Breadth,

- imported in a British -built Ship, the 120 Ells —

- not imported in a British-bum Ship, the 120Ells

- exceeding 22 J Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding 31J Inches,

- imported in a British-bu\\t Ship, the 120 Ells

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells

- exceeding 31^ Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding 36 Inches,

j--- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells

r — - exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding 45 Inches,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells

- exceeding 45 Inches in Breadth,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells

- Sail Cloth or Sail Duck, viz.

- of the Manufacture of the Batavian Republick, viz.

- not exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, the 120 Ells

- exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, the 120 Ells

£ s. d. £ s. d.

O 3 0 O 2 2

O 3 6 O 2 6

O 3 10 O 2 10

O 5 6 O 4 4

O 1 6 O 0 11

O 1 0 0 0 8

O 0 7 O 0 5

2 16 0 2 4 4

O 1 8 O 1 2

O 1 11 O 1 5

O 2 2 O 1 7

O 3* O 2 5

I >59I 7 r

3 15 6 - 2 16 s

5 16 3 49s

1 0 6 0 15 I

0 3 10 0 10

0 4 10 0 3 7

0 0 5 0 0 3

0 09 0 0 6

0 19 3

100

r 0 19 9

107

- 1 11 6

- 1 12 6

2 6 10

- 286

- 446

- 462

- S il 0

" 600

- 2 14 6

4 11 0

o 14 2 o 14 2

o 15 I o 15 I

7

7

1 13 11 1 13 11

3

3

4 4

6 11 6 11

9 595

Linen

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards.

Linen (Sail Cloth), continued.

--of the Manufacture of Russia, viz.

- not exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells

- exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth,

imported in a British-hxiAt Ship, the 120 Ells

not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells

Duty.

--Sail Cloth or Sail Duck not otherwise enumerated or described,

- not exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, the i2o Ells

- exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, the 120 Ells

--Sails, for every £ 100. of the Value -

- Spanish and Portugal Linen, plain,

- not exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, the Ell

- exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, the Ell

--not being chequered or striped, or not being printed, painted, stained, or dyed,

after the Manufacture, or in the Thread or Yam, before the Manufacture, and not being otherwise enumerated or described, for every ^100. of the Value -

--chequered or striped, or printed, painted, stained, or dyed, after the Manufacture, or in the Thread or Yarn before the Manufacture, not being prohibited to be imported into, or worn, or used in Great Britain, and not being otherwise enumerated or described, for every £ 100. of the Value — — Yarn. See Yam.

Linn Boards. See Boards, in Wood.

Linseed. See Seed.

- Cakes, the cwt. —

- Oil. See Oil.

Lion Skins. See Skins.

Lipari Raisins. See Raisins.

Liquorice Juice. See Succus Liquoririae.

- Powder, the cwt. —

Root, the cwt.

Litharge, viz.

- of Gold, the cwt.

- of Silver, the cwt.

Litmus, the cwt. —

Lobsters, Duty free.

Log Wood. See Wood. Long Pepper. See Pepper. Long Steel. See Steel.

Lofli Hides. See Hides. Lucerne Seed. See Seed. Lupines, the cwt.

Lutestrings. See Catlings.

M.

Mace, viz.

- of the Produce of, and imported from any British Colony or Plantation in

A meric a y the lb.

- imported under Licence, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Mace may be so imported from any Place, fee 3 and Anney c. 4. 8 Anney c. 7. 6 Geo. 1. c. 21. See also 8 Geo. 1. c. 18. which is continued by several Statutes, and by 43 Geo. 3. c. 29. further continued to the 29th September 1809, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

- Oil of See Oil.

Madder, viz.

- Mull, the cwt.

--Root, the cwt. -

- of any other Sort, the cwt.

Mahogany. See Wood.

Maize. See Corn.

5 I 2

£. s. d.

2 12 2 2 14 6

496

4 II o

2 13 2 496 53 2

0 0 7 o o 10

40 o o

90 o o

O I o

360 r 14 6

010 o o 10 024

Drawback.

£ d.

005

008

30 j6 8

2C o o

211 1

1 S d

007

006

° 3

o

o

038

038

o o

O 2 O 2

Man4

-or*-

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards.

Many Isle of.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictiona under which Cotton Yarn, and Cotton Cloth of the Manufacture of the Isle of Many and Bestials and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of the said Island, (with Exceptions as to some Articles, ) may be imported direct, from thence, without Payment of any Duties of Customs, fee 5 Geo. 3. c. 43. and also 20 Geo. 3. c. 42. 34 Geo. 3. c. 51. 38 Geo. 3. c. 63. 41 Geo. 3. c. C4. and by 43 Geo. 3. c. 29. continued until the 5th July 1804.

Mangrove Bark. See Bark.

Manna, the lb.

Maps, the Piece -

Marble. See Stones.

Marbles for Children. See Toy3.

Mares. See Horses.

--Hides. See Hides.

Marjoram, Oil of See OiL

Marmalade, the lb. -

Martin Skins. 1 c c,

--Tails. 1 Sce Sk, n8'

Maflich, viz.

- red, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. —

- not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. —

- of any other Sort, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- : — not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Malts. See Wood.

Mats, viz.

--of Ruffiay imported in a British-built Ship, the 100, Quantity 5 Score —

- not imported in a British-bm\t Ship, the 100, Quantity 5 Score —

--not otherwise enumerated or described, for every ^100. of the Value —

Matting, viz.

*» of Bariary or Portugal the Yard -

- of Hollandy the Yard -

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £ 100. of the Value —

Mattresses, for every *ioo. of the Value -

Maw Seed. See Seed.

Mead, the Gallon -

Meal. See Corn.

Medals, for every *100. of the Value -

Medlars, the Bslhel -

Melasses, viz.

- of the Produce of, and imported from, the British Plantations in Amertcay

the cvvt.

- not of the Produce of, and imported from, the British Plantations in A meric ay the cwt.

Melting Pots for Goldsmiths. Sce Pots.

Mercury, viz.

- Precipitate, the lb. -

- Sublimate, the lb.

Metal, viz.

- Bell Metal, the cwt.

--Leaf Metal (except of Leaf Gold) the Packet, Quantity 250 Leaves —

--prepared for Battery, the cwt. -

Metheglin, the Gallon -

Milford, Port of.

For the Privileges granted to Persons not Subjects of his Majesty coming thereto, for the Purpose of carrying on the Southern Whale Fishery from Great Britain, fee the Note under the Head of Oil.

Mill Boards. See Paper.

Millet Seed. See Seed. See also the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Millium Solis, the lb. -

Millstones. See Stones.

Mineral Water. See Water.

Minerals not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £100. of the Value —

Duty. Drawback.

£. s. d. £. d.

OO8 0 0

OOS

0 0 6 0 0

OO4 002

0 I 0 006

008 004

0 I 10 0 1 0

0 14 6 099

0 lS 3 099

35 0 0 25 p 0

006 005

003 002

35 0 0 25 0 0

35 0 0 25 0 0

002

35 0 0 K> V^l O O

030

046 0 2 8'

0 14 2 0 ii 5

010 0 0

0 1 0 006

0 1 x 10 066

003 002

206 \ 8 11

002

0 0 u 002

8 O O 15 0 0.

Mink

SCHEDULE (A.) — In wards.

Mink Skins. Sec Skins.

Mohair Yarn. See Camel Yarn, in Yarn.

Mole Skins, See Skins.

Morels, the lb.

Morocco. See Gibraltar.

Moss, viz.

--Rock, for Dyers' Use, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt.

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £ 100. of the Value —

Mother of Pearl Shells, rough, the lb. -

Mules, for every £100. of the Value -

Mum. See Beer.

Musical InstrumentB, for every £ 100. of the Value -

Mulk, the Ounce Troy — ' -

Mufquaih Skins. See Skins.

Mustard Seed. See Seed*

Mutton, whether salted or otherwise.

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Myrobalanes, viz.

- 11 Candied, imported directly from the Place of their Growth, the lb. —

- not imported directly from the Place of their Growth,

the lb. -

- Dry, imported directly from the Place of their Growth, the cwt. —

- not imported directly from the Place of their Growth, the cwt Myrrh, imported directly from the Place of its'Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb-

Myrtle Berries. See Berries.

- Wax. See Bay Wax, in Wax.

N.

Napkining. See Linen.

Nardus Geltica, the cwt.

Natron, for every £ 100. of the Value -

Necklaces of Glass. See Bracelets.

Nest Boxes. See Boxes.

Nets, viz. old Fishing Nets, fit only for making Paper or Pasteboard. Sec Rags. Nicaragua Wood. See Wood.

Nutmegs, viz.

- of the Produce of, and imported from, any British Colony or Plantation in America* the lb. -

- imported under Licence, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Nutmegs

may be so imported from any Place, fee 3 & 4 Anne, c. 4. 8 Anne, c. 7. 6 Geo. I. c. 21. See also 8 Geo. f. c. 18. which is continued by several Statutes, and by 43 Geo. 3. c. 29. further continued to the 29th Sefr tember, 1809, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

'- - " Candied, the lb.

- Oil of See Oil.

Nuts, viz.

--Cafliew Nuts, for every £ 100. of the Value —

--Chesnuts, the Bushel -

- Piftachia Nuts, imported directly from the Place of their Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of their Growth, the lb.

--small Nuts, the Bushel -

--Walnuts, the BusheL -

- , not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £ 100. of the Value

Nux Vomica, the lb. -

Oak Bark. See Bark.

--Boards. See Boards.

--Knees. See Knees of Oak, in Wood.

Duty.

£. /. d.

016

1 1 4

20 o o 005 35 o o

35 0 0

026

003

008 050 o 10 o 008 o 1. 9

o 11 10 20 o o

0 2 2

35

o

o

o

35

o o a o

0 4 o o 10 o i 6

1 o o o o 6

Drawback.

£. s. d.

010

15 o o 003 25 o o

25 o o 014

o o z

004

004

010

062 15 o o

O I 10 O I 10

o 0 7

25

o

o

o

o

o

25

o

Oakum>

See Corn.

See Cancrorum Oculi.

[.$>* §40. the AS.]

Oakum, the cwt.

Oars. Sec Wood.

Oatmeal. 1

Oats. 3

Oculi Cancrorum.

Oil, viz.

--of Almonds, the lb.

--of Amber or Succinum, the lb.

- of Anniseed, the lb.

- of Bay, the cwt. -

--of Cajaputa, the oz. Troy -

of Caraway, the lb.

--of Cafiia, the oz. Troy -

--of Castor, the lb.

--Chemical Oil, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £ ico. of the

Value -

--of Cinnamon, the oz. Troy.

--of Cloves, the oz. Troy -

Fish Oil. See Train Oil, in Oil.

--of Hempfeed, the Tun, Quantity 452 Gallons -

-» — >- of Teffamine, the lb. -

--of juniper, the lb.

--of Linfced, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons -

- *- of Mace, the oz. Troy -

- Y of Marjoram, the lb. -

- of Nutmegs, the oz.Troy -

--of Oranges, the lb. -

--Ordinary Oil of Olives imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun, Quantity

252 Gallons

- not imported in a 2?r/7//2>-built Ship, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons —

--of Palm, the cwt* -

--Perfumed Oil, not otherwise enumerated or described, the lb.

--of Pine, for every £ 100. of the Value —

- of Rapeseed, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons

--Rock Oil, the lb.

--of Rosemary, the lb.

--of Rosewood, the lb. —

- Sallad Oil, imported in a British-buWt Ship, the Gallon

- *stot imported in a 2?r/7^-builtShip, the Gallon

--of Sassafras, the lb.

--Seal Oil. See Train Oil, in Oil.

--Seed Oil not otherwise enumerated or described, the Tun, Quantity 252

Gallons

--of Spake, the lb.

- of Succinum. Sec Oil of Amber.

- of Thyme, the lb.

--Train Oil or Blubber, viz.

- Blubber of Newfoundland, of British Fishing, the Tun, Quantity

252 Gallons

- of any other Sort, of British Fishing, the Tun, Quantity 252

Gallons -

- Spermaceti Oil, or Head Matter,

- of British Fishing, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons —

- of Foreign Fishing, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons —

- Train Oil or Fish Oil of British Fishing, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons —

- Train Oil or Blubber, or Fish Oil, of Foreign Fishing, the Tun, Quantity

252 Gallons -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Whale Fins, Oil or Blubber of Whale, Seal Oil, or any other Produce of Fish or Creatures taken or caught in any Part of the Ocean, by British Subjects, usually residing in Great Britain or Ireland\ or the islands of| Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, may be admitted to Entry, on Payment of Duty as of British Fishing, fee 32 Geo. 3. c. 22.

7

£- d. o 3 0

0 4 3

6 10 6

220

22 1 o

o 15 9

21 00

£ d,

620

0.0 4 0 0 2

0 3 2 0 1 8

0 2 3 0 1 0

0 lS 6 0 5 10

0 2 6 0 0 9

0 0 10 0 0 4

0 1 6 0 0 9

0 0 6 0 0 3

35 0 05 0 0

0 2 6 0 1 3

0 0 8 0 0 4

155 0 12 12 0

0 2 0 0 1 0

0 0 8 0 0 4

28 11 6 2290

0 1 0 0 0 6

0 1 7 0 0 10

0 1 0., 0 0 6

0 1 ii. 0 1 0

9 12 6 6 4 9

10 1 10 6 4 9

090 0 4 8

0 2 0 0 1 0

35 0 0 25 0 0

28 11 6 2290

0 0 5 0 0 2

0 1 0 0 0 6

0 11 6 0 3 4

0 2 6 0 1 11

0 2 7 0 1 11

0 1 '4 0 0 8

16 H 0 12 H 0

0 0 7 0 0 3

0 1 7 0 0 IO

14 14 O

14 O

Oil

SCHEDULE (A). — Inwards.

Oil (Train Oil), continued.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Oil or Blubber of Fish, or Creatures living in the Sea, actually caught and taken on the Banks and Shores of the Island of Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, wholly by his Majesty's Subjects, carrying on the said Fishery from the said Island, and residing therein, may be admitted to Entry, on Payment of Duty as of British Fishing, fee the Ari to which this Schedule is annexed [$ 39.]

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which any Person or Persons, not exceeding forty Families, not being Subject or Subjects of his Majesty, having been employed in carrying on the Southern Whale Fishery, and coming to the Port of Milford, intending to reside in Great Britain, for the Purpose of continuing to carry on such Fishery from thence, may be permitted, under the Authority of his Majesty in Council, to enter, on Payment of the same Duty as of British Fishing, the Cargoes of twenty Vessels so arriving from a fishing Voyage, consisting of Oil, Head Matter, and Fins, or other Parts of Animals frequenting the Sea; and also to enter any Goods, Furniture, and Stock, which shall be necessary to their W hairing Out-fit, and which shall be the Property of the Owner or Owners of such Ships, without Payment of Duty, fee 35 Geo. 3. c. 92. 38 Geo. 3.

c. 57. continued by 42 Geo. 3. c. 114. until the 31st Day of December 1805.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which the Subjects and Inhabitants of the United Provinces (now the Batavian Republick) having been employed in carrying on the Herring or other White Fisheries, or the Fisheries in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, and coming into Great Britain, with Intent to reside therein and to carry on the said Fisheries, may import Oil or other Froduce jof such Fisheries, on Payment of Duty as of British Fishing, and also to import and bring into Great Britain, all Ships, Tackle, and Furniture, ana all Nets and other Articles employed in such Fisheries, and all Household Goods and Wearing Apparel, without Payment of any Duty, provided such Articles respectively are not imported by way of Merchandize, fee 35 Geo. 3. c. 56. revived and continued by 39 Geo. 3. c. 100. and by 42 Geo. 3. c. 79. again revived and continued until the 5th Day of April 1804.

--of Turpentine, the lb.

--of Vitriol, the lb.

--Walnut Oil, the Gallon -

--Whale Oil. See Train Oil.

--not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged witl

every £ 100. of the Value -

Oil Cloth. See Linen.

Oker, the cwt. -

Olibanum, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the cwt.

- not imported directly from the Place of its GrcfWth, the cwt.

Olive Oil. See Ordinary Oil of Olives, in Oil.

--Wood. See Wood.

Olives, the Gallon -

Onion Seed. See Seed.

Onions, the Bushel -

Open Tapes. See Tapes.

Opium, imported direct, from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Opopanax Gum. See Gum.

Orange Flower Ointment, the lb. -

- Water, the Gallon —

Duty.

d.

Drawback.

£. /. d.

Oranges,

the 1000 Oil of See Oil.

Orchal, the cwt. —

Orchelia or Archelia, the cwt. Ordinary Oil of Olives. See Oil.

O 0 3

- O 0 2 0 0. 1

- O 2 6 0 1 6

Duty, for

- 35 O 0 2S 0 - 0

- 0 4 0 0 2 6

1 5 4 0 14 0

3 11. 6 2 2 0

- Q 1 0 0 0 6

- O 0 6

- 0 5 0 0 2 6

- O 12 6 0 7 0

- O 0 8 0 0 4

- O 1 6 0 0 8

- O 11 8.0 6 2

- 0 5 0

0 5 0

Ore,

8oo C. 68.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

Jti. J

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inward*.

Duty.

3. nf the

Ore, viz.

- Copper. See Copper.

- Gold. See Bullion.

- Iron. See Iron.

- Lead. See Lend.

- Silver. See Bullion.

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every ^100. of the Value

Organzine Silk. See Silk.

Origanum, the lb. -

Orpiment or Auripigmentum, the cwt. —

Orrice or Iris Root, the cwt.

Orfedew, the lb.

Ostrich Feathers. See Feathers.

Otter Skins. 1 c Ci r\ 01 r See Skins.

Ounce Skins, j

Outnal Thread. See Thread.

Ox Hair. See Cow or Ox Hair, in Hair.

- Hides. See Cow or Ox Hides, in Hides.

- Horns. See Horns.

Oxen. See Cattle. See also the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Oysters, the Buftiel -

m

.. P*

Pack Duck. See Drillings, in Linen.

Packing Canvass. See Canvass in Linen.

Pack Thread. See Thread.

Pails or Kits.of Wood, the Dozen -

Painted Paper. See Paper.

Painters' Colours, not otherwise enumerated or described, the lb.

Paintings onGlafo, for every ^100. of the Value. fSubjefl al£o to a Duty of Excise.) Paling Boards. See Boards in Wood.

Palm Oil. Sec Oil.

Panther Skins. Sec Skina»

Pantiles. See Tiles.

Paper, viz.

- Brown Paper, made of old Rope or Cordage only, without separating or extracting the Pitch or Tar therefrom, and without any Mixture of other

Materials therewith, the lb. -

- Printed, Painted, or Stained Paper, or Paper Hangings, the Square Yard —

- Wade Paper, or Paper of any other Sort, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, the lb. —

- Mill Boards, the cwt.

Parte Boards, the cwt. -

Scale Boards, the cwt.

Parchment, the Dozen, Quantity 12 Sheets -

Parte Boards or Mill Boards. See Paper.

Paving Stones. See Stones.

- Tiles. See Tiles.

Pearl Allies. See Arties.

- Barley, the cwt.

Pearls, for every £100. of the Value -

Pearl Shells. See Mother of Pearl Shells.

Pears, the Bushel -

- dried, the Bushel -

Prease. See Corn.

Pebble Stones. See Stones.

Peliitory, the lb. -

Pelts. See Skins.

Pencils, for ev^ ry *100. of the Value -

Pens, for every ico. of the Value -

Pepper, viz.

- Cayenne Pepper, the lb.

- Guinea Pepper, the lb.

- Long Pepper, the lb. -

£ ' J.

20 O

O -o o 17 o 17 o o

o

o

o

2

2

2

O

O

O

0

024

004

35 o o

Drawback.

o 10 6 500

2 10

3 10

o 2 o o o o

£. d.

002

35 0 0 35 0 0

o

o

o

o

O I

5 1094 o 5

002 25 o o

O O I

25 o o 25 o o

o 1 6

002 002 Perfumed

Perfumed Oil. See Oil.

Perry the Tun, Quantity, 252 Gallons -

Subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Peruvianus Cortex. See Cortex.

Pewter, old, the cwt. -

Pickles, of all Sorts, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Gallon Picture Frames. See Frames.

Pictures, viz.

- under two Feet square, the Picture —

- of two Feet square, and under four Feet square, the Picture

- of four Feet square or upwards, the Picture —

Pig Iron. See Iron.

Pill Boxes. See Boxes.

Pimento, viz.

- of the British Plantations, the lb.

- not of the British Plantations, the lb. —

Pine Oil. See Oil.

Pink Root, the lb.

Piony or Peoni Seed. See Seed.

Pipe Boards. See Boards, in Wood.

Piftachia Nuts. See Nuts.

Pitch, viz.

- of the Produce of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of Great Britain, the JLaft, Quantity 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31} Gallons -

- not of the Produce of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of Great Britain,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Last, Quantity 12 Barrels,

each3arrel not exceeding 31} Gallons -

- not imported in a Britishimilt Ship, the Last, Quantity 12

Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31} Gallons

- Burgundy Pitch, the cwt.

Flatter of Paris, the cwt. -

Plate, viz.

--Battered, fit only to be re-manufactured. See Bullion.

--of Gold, the oz. Troy -

--of Silver Gilt, the oz. Troy -

- Part gilt, the oz. Troy -

- ungilt, the oz. Troy. -

Plate Glass. SeejGlass.

Platters of Wood, the Dozen -

Platting, or other Manufactures of Bast, Straw, Chip, Cane, or Horse Hair, to be used in or proper for making Hats or Bonnets, the lb.

Plume Alum. See Alum.

Plums, dried the lb. -

Polishing Rushes, for every *.100 of the Value -

- Stones. Sec Stones.

Polypodium, the lb.

Pomatum, for every ^.100 of the Value -

Pomegranates, the 1000 -

- Peels of, the cwt.

Pomice Stones. See Stones.

Porcelaine. See China Ware.

Pork, whether salted or otherwise.

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Pot Ashes. See Ashes.

Potatoes, the cwt.

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Pots, viz.

- Melting Pots for Goldsmiths, the 100 -

--of Stone, for every £.100 of the Value -

Poultry. See thfc Note under the Head of Provisions.

43 Geo. III. 5 K

10 10 o

o 17 6

o i 6

220

4 4 0

660

006

009

004

o 15 9

o 17 4

o 18 o 079 o I 5

7 3 0 39036 026

o 1 o

036

005 20 o o

0 0 2 35 o o 0180 089

O I

O I 10

50 O o

£. s. d.

770

o 12 6

O O

o o

o 10 o

Oil 2

Oil 2 O42

OO9

0 0 9

0 0 3

15 o o

001 25 o o

00 6

36 11 o

Powder,

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards.

Powder, viz.

- of Brass for Japanning, the lb. -

- Gunpowder. See in G.

- Hair Powder. See in H.

- Sago Powder. See in S.

Precious Stones. See Emeralds.

Prints, viz.

- Paper Prints, plain, the Piece -

- coloured, for every *.100 of the Value —

Printers' Ink. See Ink for Printers.

Provisions.

Note. — His Majesty is authorized to permit, by his Order in Council, the Importation into Great Britain from any Port or Place in any British Ship or Vessel, or in any other Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, of any Beans called Kidney or French Beans, Tares, Lentiles, Calavanfes, and other Sorts of Pulse; and also Bulls, Cows, Oxen, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, and Swine, Beef, Pork, Mutton, Veal, and Lamb, whether salted or otherwise, Bacon, Hams, Tongues, Butter, Cheese, Potatoes, Rice, Sago* Sago Powder, Tapioca, Vermicelli, Millet Seed, Poultry, Fowls, Eggs, Game, - and Sour Crout, Duty free, provided due Entry be made; his Majesty is likewise authorized, in like Manner, to recal such Permission, either in Part or in the Whole, if Circumstances shall seem so to require. See <}9 Geo. 3. c. 87. continued by subsequent Acts, and by 43 Geo. 3. c. 12. further continued until the 1st January 1804.

Prunellse Sal. See Sal.

Prunelloes, the lb.

Prunes, the cwt.

PfyIlium, the lb.

Puddings. See Sausages.

Pulse. See the Note under the Head of Proviiiorts.

Pfrmdnt Water. See Mineral Water, in Water.

Duty. Drawback. £ /# £ d.

033

O 2 9

O O IO

35 o o

25 o o

007 o 16 3 002

002

083

001

Quaflia Wood. See LigAum Quafiia.

Quebec* — For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Goods and Commodities of the Growth or Production of any of the Countries bordering upon the Province of Quebec9 and legally brought by Land, or Inland Navigation, into that Province, may be imported from thence into Great Britain, and charged with Duty, or be exempt therefrom, in like Manner as if such Goods and Commodities were of the Growth or Production of Quebec, and imported directly from thence, fee 30 Geo. 3. c. 29.

Quercitron or Black Gak Bark. See Bark.

Quern Stones. Sec Stones.

Quicksilver, the lb.

Quills* viz.

--Goose Quills, the 1000 -

- Swan Quills, the 1000 -

Quinces, the 100 -

o

o

o

o

X o

O IO

6 10 2 4

006

005

018

R.

Raccoon Skins. See Skins.

Radix, viz.

- 1 Contrayervse, the lb. -

Enufe Campanae, the cwt.

Eringii, the lb.

Ipecacoanhse, the lb. -

Senekae, the lb.

Scrpentariae or Snake-root, the lb. -

Rag Stones. See Stones.

Rags old, old Ropes or Junk, or old Fiftiing Nets, fit only for making Paper or Pasteboard, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt. -

009 080 002 022 004 o 1 o

015 9

1

004 042 001 o 1 1

o c 2

006

Raisins,

Raisins, viz.

- Belvedere Raisins, imported in a 2?r/7f#-built Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a j?n/^&-built Ship, the cwt.

- Denia Raisins, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. —

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- Faro Raisins, imported in a British-buHt Ship, the cwt. —

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. —

- Lexia Raisins, imported in a British-b\i\\t Ship, the cwt. —

- not imported in a British-bu\\t Ship, the cwt. —

- Lipari Raisins, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. —

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. —

- Smyrna Raisins, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. —

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. —

- of the Sun, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. —

- not imported in a British'huWl Ship, the cwt. —

- not otherwise enumerated or described,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. —

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. —

Rape Cakes, the cwt. -

- Seed. See Seed.

--Seed Oil. Sec Oil.

--of Grapes, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons -

Ratafia. See Cordial Water, in Spirits.

Rattans. See Canes.

Raw Linen Yarn. See Yam.

--Silk. Sec Silk.

Red Wood. See Wood.

--Wool. See Wool.

Reed Canes. See Canes.

Rennet, the Gallon -

Resina Jalappse, the lb. -

Rhinehurst, the cwt. -

Rhodium Lignum. See Rosewood, in Wood.

Rhubarb, the lb. -

Rice, the cwt. -

- of the Growth and Production of any of the British Plantations in America,

imported into the Ports of Plymouth, Exeter, Poole, Southampton, Chichester, Sandwich, and Glasgow, and the Members thereunto belonging, and into the Ports of Bristol\ Liverpool, Lancester, and Whitehaven, for the Purpose of Exportation, the cwt. -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which such Rice may be so imported, and the remaining Duties thereon secured by Bond of the Importer, fee 5 Geo. 3. c. 45. 12 Geo. 3. c. 60. See also the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Roch Alum. See Alum.

Rock Moss. See Moss.

--Oil. See Oil.

Romanum Vitriolum. See Vitriolum Romanum.

Ropes of Bast. See Bast Ropes.

- new. See Cordage.

- old. See Rags.

Rose Copper. See Copper.

--Leaves. See Leaves.

isssi}*"01

Rosin or Colophoma, of the Produce of any of the Dominions or Plantations belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, the cwt. —

--not of the Produce of any of the Dominions or Plantations belonging to the

Crown of Great Britain,

- imported in a British-buRt Ship, the cwt. —

- not imported in a British-b\t\\\. Ship, the cwt. —

Round Wood. See Wood.

Rubies. See Emeralds.

Rum. See Spirits.

Rye, See Cora.

5 K2

o o a 040 079

024

048

008

020

o 2 10 030

£ X. d. £ X. d.

O >3 2 O9Q

O »3 4 O9O

O 12 0 O 8 I

O 12 2 O 8 I

O >3 2 O9O

O3 4 O9O

O 13 8 O9O V

O '3 10 O90

O3 2 O90

O l3 4 O90

O >5 6 O 11 5

O5 10 O 11 5

I 6 3 O 18 10

I 6 8 O 18 10

O 12 0 O 8 1

O 12 2 O 8 1

O 1 0

6 16 6 4 4 0

002 o 2 1

042

O I o

040

O I 4

021

021

Sable

C. 68. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards. Duty. Drawback.

S. Sable Skins. See Skins. £ ' d. £ ' d.

Saccharum Saturni, the lb. - Safflower, theewt. - 0 0 4 O5O 0 0 2

Saffron, the lb. - Sagapenum Gum. See Gum. O4O O98

Sago, the lb. - See the Note under the Head of Provisions. O Q 4 0 0 2

Powder, for every £. icoof the Value — — — See the Note under the Head of Provisions. Sail Cloth or Sail Duck. See Sail Cloth, in Linen. Sails. See Linen. Sal, viz. Ammoniacus, the lb. - Gem, the civt. - 35 0 0 001 048 N O O

Limonum, or Acetofella, the lb. — — — 026 O I 3

Prunellae, the lb. - 003 0 0 2

Succini, the lb. - 016, OOQ

Salep or Salop, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. — 006 0 0 2

not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb* — Sallad Oil. See Oil. Salt, imported in a j?r//j^-built Ship, the Wey, Quantity 40 Buthels, each Bushel 010 0 0 6

Quantity 56 lbs. - not imported in a 2?«7#/&-built Ship, the Wey, Quantity 40 Bushels, each Bushel Quantity 56 lbs. - For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which the Importer or Proprietor of any Foreign Salt may give Bond for the Payment of the Duties of Customs, within 12 Calendar Months, and which Bond may be cancelled on the Exportation of such Salt within that Period, fee 26 Geo. 3. c. 26. In case the full Duties of Customs on such Salt shall have been paid at or before the Expiration of the said 12 Calendar Months, and such Salt shall be afterwards exported, the whole of the said Duties shall be dVawn back. See 26 Geo 3. c. 26. Salt is also subject to a Duty of Excise. 050 O36

056 O36

Saltpetre, the cwt. - Sana Boxes. See Boxes. Sandrake Gum. See Gum. 003

Sanguis Draconis, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. — 0 0 10 0 0 6

not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. — 026 OI4

Saphora, for every £. 100 of the Value — ' — — Sarcocolla Gum. See Gum. Sarhy Island of See Guernsey. 20 0 0 15 O O

Sarsaparilla, the lb. - 009 0 0 6

Saffatras, theewt. - Oil of See Oil. Saunders, viz. Red, the cwt. - White or Yellow, the lb. - Sausages or Puddings, the lb. - Scale Boards. See Paper. 0 3 4 024 004 006 O I 7 0 0 2

Scammony, imported direct, from the Place of its Growth, the lb. — 036 Ol8

not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. — 090 O5O

-Scoops of Wood, the Dozen - 013 O O IO

Scratch Brushes, for every £.100 of the Value — — — Sculptured Marble. See Stones. -35 00 2J O O

Sea Cow, Sea Horse, or Sea Morse Teeth, the lb. — — — Sealing Wax. See Wax. Seal Oil. See Train Oil, in Off. Skins. See Skins. Seed, viz. 010 a 0 7

Ammi Seed, the lb. — — — -003 002

Anniseed, the cwt. - 1 791 i 8

Canary Seed, the cwt. - 1 1 0 0 H 7, \ Seed,

Seed, continued.

--Carraway Seed, the cwt. -

--Carthamu8 Seed, the lb. -

--Clover Seed, the cwt. -

--t* Cole Seed, the Quarter, Quantity 8 Bushels —

--Coriander Seed, the cwt.

--Cummin Seed, the cwt.

--Daucus or Carrot Seed, the lb.

--Fennel Seed, the lb. -

- Fenugreek Seed, the cwt. -

--Flax Seed, the Bushel -

--Furze Seed, the cwt. -

--Garden Seed, or Forest Seed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, the lb.

--Hemp Seed, the Quarter, Quantity 8 Bushels —

- of the Produce of, and imported from, the British Colonies or

Plantations in America, the Quarter, Quantity 8 Bushels —

--Linseed, the Bushel -

--Lucerne Seed, the cwt. -

- Maw Seed, the cwt. -

--Millet Seed, the cwt. -

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

- Mustard Seed, the cwt. -

--Onion Seed, the cwt. -

--Piony, or Peony Seed, the lb. -

--Rape Seed, the Quarter, Quantity 8 Bushels -

- and all other Seeacommonly made use of for the Purpose of extract-

ing Oil therefrom (whenever the Price of middling British Rape Seed shall be at or above ^.17 10 per Last) such Seed being of the Growth of any of the Colonies, Plantations, or Provinces be longing to his Majesty in North America, and imported from thence, the Last, Quantity 10 Quarters, each Quarter Quantity 8 Bushels -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which such Seed may be so imported, on Payment of the latt- Duty, lee 15 Geo. 3. c. 34. 30 Geo. 3. c. 41.

--Rape Seed, and all other Seed commonly made use of for the Purpose of extracting Oil therefrom (whenever the Price of middling British Rape Seed mall be at or above £.20per Last) imported from any Country whatever, the Last, Quantity 10 Quarters, each Quarter Quantity 8 Bushels — — — 02 6

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which such1 Seed may be so imported, on Payment of the last mentioned Duty, 1 fee 15 Geo. 3. c. 34. 30 Geo. 3. c. 41. Seealfo 35 Geo. $. c. 117. which is continued by several Statutes, and by 39 Geo. 3. c. 38. further con-j tinued until the 24th June 1804.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Rape Seed may be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, lee:

30 Geo. 3. c. 41. See also 35 Geo. 3. c. 117. which is continued byj several Statutes, and by 30 Geo. 3. c. 38. further continued until the,

January 1804.

--Worm Seed imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. —

- not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. —

--not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for

every £. IO° of the Value -

Seed-lac. See Lac, in Gum.

Seed Oil. See Oil.

Sena, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. —

--not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb* -

Senega Gum. See Gum.

Senekac Radix. 7 c t>

Serpentariae Radix. J* Kadix*

Serpentine Powder. See Gun Powder*

£ /. d. £./. d.

O 6 3 O 3 4

O 0 3 O q 2

O.59O 2 6

O id 8 O 12 9

O 59O 2 11

O96 O 4 11

O 0 4 O 0 2

O 0 2 O 0 1

0 4 6 O'2 3

O 0 3

O 0 4

O 0 3 O 0 1

O 10 8 O92

O 0 5

O 0 3

O 6 0 O 2 6

O 19 6 O H 0

O 5 6 O 4 O

O 3 0 O 2- 0

1 4 6 O 15 8

O 0 2 O 0 1

O 16 0 O 12 7

026

008

019

- 1 35 o o

009 o t 10

004

010

25 o o

004

o i a

Shave*

Shaven Latten. See Latten.

Shaving for Hats. See Platting.

Sheep. See Cattle.

See also the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Sheep Skinfe See Skins.

- Guts dried to make Whips, the Gross, Quantity 12 Dozen

- Wool. See Lamb or Sheeps' Wool, inWool.

Shellac. See Lac, in Gum.

Shells, Mother of Pearl. See in M.

Ships with their Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture (except Sails), for every £. 100 of the Value -

..Tonnage Duty thereon. See Table No. 3. at the End of this Schedule.

Shovels of Wood, unfhod, the Dozen -

Sthruff or old Brass, fit only to be re-manufactured, the cwt. —

Shumac or Sumach, the cwt. -

Silk, viz.

--Knubs or Hulks of Silk, the lb. Quantity 16 oz. —

--Organzine, and all Thrown Silk in the Gum, the lb. Quantity 16 oz.

- Raw Silk, the lb. Quantity 16 oz.

--Thrown Silk dyed, the lb. Quantity r6 oz.

--Waite Silk, not otherwise enumerated or described, the lb. Quantity

16 oz.

--Wrought Silk, ^riz.

- Crapes or Taffanies of the Manufacture of Italy, imported directly

from thence, the lb. Quantity 16 oz

--Worm Gut, for every £. ico of the Value

Silver Coin. See Bullion.

--Plate. See Plate.

Simarouba Cortex. See Cortex.

SingingBirds. See Birds.

Sifters Thread. See Thread.

Skates for Hiding, for every £. 100 of the Value Sheets for Whitfters, the^keet —

Skins and Furs, viz.

--Badger Skins, undressed, the Skin —

--Bear Skins, undressed, the Skin —

--Beaver Skins, undressed, the Skin —

- 1 of the Produce of, and imported from, any of his Majesty's

Dominions in America, the Skin

--Buck or Deer Skins. See Deer, in Skins.

--Calabar. See Squirrel Skins, in Skins.

- Calve Skins in the Hair not tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed,

- imported in a British-hmlt Ship, the Dozen Skins

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Dozen Skins

tanned, the lb.

Cat Skins, undressed, the Skin —

Coney Skins, undressed, the Dozen Skins -

Cordivants, dressed, viz.

--of Sfain, the Dozen —

- of Turkey, the Dozen

- Deer Skins, undressed, the Skin -

Indian half dressed or ihaved, the Skin

--Dog Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed,

- imported in a Brili/b*built Ship, the Dozen Skins

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Dozen Skins

--Dogfish Skins, undressed, the Dozen Skins —

--Elk Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Skin —

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Skin —

--Ermine Skins undressed, the Skm -

- Fisher Skins undressed, the Skin -

- Fitches Skins undressed, the Skin -

- Fox Skins undressed, the Skin -

- Tails, for every £. 100 of the Value -

£' d-

0 0 8

IO o o

034

07 3

o o 10

£ s. d.

005

o 2 o 11

1 109o 4 o 8 o 1 10

1180

35 0 o

o

o

0

1

o

6

9

25 o o

35 0 e 25 0 0

0 0 4 0 0 3

0 0 10 0 0 6

0 7 6 0 5 0

0 1 0

0 0 3

0 1 2

0 4 2 0 2 6

0 0 6

0 0 6 0 0 4

0 0 6 0 0 3

2 6 0 1 5 9

1 0 0 0 7 6

0 0 4

0 0 4

0 0 6

0 3 3 0 1 9

0 3 2 0 1 9

0 0 7

0 1 0

0 0 4 0 0 3

0 1 6 0 1 3

0 0 2 0 0 1

0 0 6 0 0 4

35 0 0 25 0 0

Skinsj

Skins, viz.

--Goat Skins, raw or undressed, imported in a British-hmXt Ship, the Dozen Skins

- not imported in a British A)\i\\t Ship, the Dozen

Skins -

- tanned, the Dozen Skins -

Hare Skins undressed, the 100 Skins

Huffe Skins undressed, the Skin —

Kid Skins in the Hair, the 100 Skine —

- dressed, the 100 Skins -

Lamb Skins undressed in the Wool, the 100 Skins "

- dressed in Alum, Salt, or Meal, the 100 Skins

- dressed in Oil, the 100 Skins —

- Slink undressed in the Wool, the 100

Leopard Skins undressed, the Skin —

Lion Skins undressed, the Skin —

Martin Skins undressed, the Skin —

- Tails undressed, the 100 Tails —

Mink Skins undressed, the Skin —

- > ----- dressed, the Skin —

Mole Skins undressed, the Dozen Skins —

Mufquafh Skins undressed, the 100 Skins —

Otter Skins undressed, the Skin -

Ounce Skins undressed, the Skin -

Panther Skins undressed, the Skin —

Pelts of Goats undressed, the Dozen Pelts —

> dressed, the Dozen Pelts

of all other Sorts undressed, the 100 Pelts

- Raccoon Skins undressed, the 100 Skins

- Sable Skins undressed, the Skin -

- Tails or Tips of Sable undressed, the Piece —

- Seal Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any Way dressed,

- imported in a Britl/h-buWt Ship, the Skin —

- not imported in a BrUish-bmh. Ship, the Skin —

cured with foreign Salt, and imported in a 2?r/7i/2-built Ship, the Skin -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which such Skins may be so imported, upon Payment of the said Duty, fee 31 Geo. 3. c. 26. 32 Geo. 3. c. 36. continued by 39 Geo. 3. c. 38 until the 24th June 1804.

- Sheep Skins undressed in the Wool, the Dozen Skins -

- dressed in Oil or otherwise, or tanned or tawed, the Dozen

Skins -

- Squirrel or Calabar Skins undressed, the 100 Skins —

- tawed, the 100 Skins

Tads, for every £. 100 of the Value

- Swan Skins undressed, the Skin

- Tyger Skins undressed, the Skin — Weasel Skins undressed, the 100 Skins

- Wolf Skins undressed, the Skin

- tawed, the Skin

*Wolvermgs undressed, the Skin

- and Furs, or Pieces of Skins and Furs, raw or undressed, not particularly

enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty as such, for every £. 100 of the Value -

- and Furs, or Pieces of Skins and Furs, tanned, tawed, or in any Way dressed,

not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty as such, for every £. 100 of the Value Slates. See Stones.

Slate Pencils, for every £. 100 of the Value

- Tables of 1

Slates, in Frames. > See Stones.

Slick Stones. j Smalts, the lb. —

Smyrna Raisins, See Raiiins.

o 5 o 7 o lo

35 o o 1 o 4 o 3 o 7 o 10 o 4

35 o 0

90 .0 o 35 o o

005

£ s. d. & s. j.

O 1 8

O 790 5 0

2 2 0 0 0

O 3 4 0 0 8

O 0 3 0 0 2

O 1 0

I 11 0 0 11 3

0 590 2 1

O 19 2 0 5 10

2 11 0 1 1 8

0 1 10 p 1 1

O 890 6 3

O 3 6 0 2 6

O 1 6 0 1 3

O 10 0 0 8 4

O96 0 0 4

O 1 2 0 0 6

O 0 3 0 0 2

O 17 6 0 12 6

O 2 0 0 1 6

O 4 6 0 3 2

O 7 2 0 5 0

O 190 1 3

O 3 6 0 2 6

O 10 6 0 7 6

I 5 0 0 12 6

O 5 0 0 3 9

O 090 0 6

O 0 2

O 090 0 5

O 0 2

009

o

o

o

25

o

o

o

o

o

o

2 6

4 2

5 o o o o 10 2 6

9

9

6

2

25 O 0

25 o o 25 o o

004

Snake

Snake Root. See Radix Serpentariae.

Snuff, viz.

- imported from the British Plantations in America, or from the Spanish West Indies,

- imported from any other Place, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Snuff may be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, until delivered out of such Warehouse for Home Trade or Consumption in Great Britain, fee 29 Geo. 3. c. 68.

Snuff is subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Snuff Boxes. See Boxes.

Soap, viz.

- Ashes. See Allies.

- Hard, the cwt. -

--Soft, the cwt. -

Soapers* Waste, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt. -

Socotorina Aloes. See Aloes.

Sour Crout. See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

£. d.

0 8

1 o

Sfa Ware, for every £. 100 of the Value — Water. See Mineral Water, in Water*

11 o

3 8 2 o

- 3 500

Shanish Linen. ----- Wool.

See Linen. See Wool.

See Wood.

- o 17 6

- o o 10

Spars. 7

Speckled Wood. J Spelter, the cwt. —

Spermaceti, viz.

- Candles. See Candles.

- fine, the lb. —

- Oil. See Train Oil, in Oil.

Spike, Oil of See Oil.

Spikenard, the lb. - '018

Spirits, viz.

- Arquebusade, the Gallon -

- Brandy, the Gallon -

- Citron Water, the Gallon -

- Cordial Water or strong Water, not otherwise enumerated or described, the

Gallon -

--Geneva, the Gallon -

- Hungary Water, the Gallon -

Lavender Water, the Gallon — — — 1

- Rum, of the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, the

Gallon -

- of any other Sort, the Gallon — — — j

- Ufquebaugn, the Gallon # -

- of the Produce of the Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, its Territories

or Dependencies, the Gallon -

- not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, '

the Gallon -

Spirits are subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Spokes for Wheels. See Wood.

Sponge, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. — 1

- not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. —

Spouts of Wood, for every £. too of the Value -

Spmce Beer. See Beer. I

- Essence of See Essence.

- Canvass. See Canvass, in Linen. 1

Squills, the cwt.

Squinanthum, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. — j

- not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Squirrel Skins. See Skins.

Stag Horns. See Horns.

Stained Paper. See Paper.

Starch, the cwt. —

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

3 4 1 1

6 6

3 4 1 o

3 4 3 4

o 8 o 10 3 4

008

3 4

o

o

35

o

o

o

1 2

2 IO O O

3

0 5

1 3

5 17 6

£ ' d.

25 O O

0 12 6 0 0 6

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

6

8

o

6

8

6

6

005

006 026

005

026

006 o 1 6

25 o o

018

0 0 2 0 0 9

Statuary.

Statuary.

Statues of Marble or

Stone sculptured. } See Sculptured Marble, in Stones.

- of any other Sort, for every /. 100 of the Value

Stavefacre, the cwt.

Staves. See Wood.

Steel, viz.

--Gad Steel, the cwt.

--Long Steel, the cwt.

- Wisp Steel, the cwt.

Stibium. See Antimonium Prcparatum.

Stick-lac. See Lac, in Gum.

Sticks, viz. Walking Sticks, for every/*. 100 of the Value Stock Fish, the 120 -

Stockings, viz.

- of Cotton, for every /. 100 of the Value

- of Thread or Worsted, for every /. 100 of the Value

Stone Bottles. See Bottles.

Stones, viz.

- Burrs for Mill Stones, the 100, Quantity 5 Score

# See the Note under the Head oT Guernsey.

-»--Dog Stones, not exceeding Feet in Diameter, above 6 and under 12

Inches in Thickness, the Pair -

- Emery Stones, the cwt. -

- Filtering Stones, for every/*. 100 of the Value —

- Flint Stones for Potters, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt. —

- Grave Stones of Marble polished, the Toot Square superficial Measure

- unpoliflied, the Foot Square superficial Measure

- not of Marble, poliflied or unpolifiied, the Foot Square superficial Measure -

- Lime Stone, for every /. 100 of the Value — — '

- Marble Basons, Tables, Mortars, and other polished Marble (except Grave

Stones and Paving Stones polished) the Foot Square superficial Measure j

- Marble Blocks, the solid Foot

- Butts.

/. / d.

35 0 o

o 14 4

£ s. d.

25 o o o 5 10

Chimney Pieces sculptured, Statues.

-1

See Sculptured Marble.

- Marble Paving Stones polished, the Foot Square superficial Measure ----- rough, the Foot Square superficial Measure

Mill Stones, above Feet in Diameter, or if 12 Inches in Thickness or upwards, the Pair -

Paving Stones not of Marble, the 100 Feet Square superficial Measure

See the Note under the Head of Guernsey.

Pebble Stones, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt.

Polishing Stones, for every /. 100 of the Value —

Pomice Stones, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt.

Quern Stones, under 3 Feet in Diameter, and not exceeding 6 Inches in

Thickness, the Pair' -

- 3 Feet in Diameter, and not above Feet in Diameter, and

not exceeding 6 Inches in Thickness, the Pair —

Rag Stones, for every/. 100 of the Value -

Sculptured Marble and Statuary, the lb. — — — j

Note. — By the 41 Geo. 3. c. 89. if any Statue, Group of Figures, Or other Stone or Marble Ornament, carved out of the same Block, shall! exceed 1 Ton Weight, the Duty to be charged thereon shall be! estimated at the Rate payable for 1 Ton Weight, and no more. Slate of the Produce of the I Hands of Guernsey, Jeijey, Sari, Alderney, Man, and imported from those Islands respectively, for every /. 1 of the Value —

--of any other Country not otherw

/. 100 of the Value —

Slates in Frames, the Dozen —

Slick Stones, the 100 —

Statuary. See Sculptured Marble.

or 1 100

- 2 1192 0 8

0 15 10 0 12 0

- 0 16 0 0 12 0

35 0 0 25 0 0

0 2 6

52 0 0 41 10 O

35 0 0 25 0 0

2 0 0 0 10 0

3 5 0 2 10 0

0 1 0 0 0 8

35 0 0 25 0 0

0 1 3

0 1 2 0 0 2

0 0 4 0 0 1

0 0 3 0 0 1

1 20 1 0 0 lS 0 0

0 1 6 0 0 10

0 3 4 0 1 10

0 0 4 0 0 2

0 0 3 0 0 1

6 0 0 3 18 O

0 6 0 2 6

0 7 0 0 5 0

20 0 0 15 0 0

1 0 0 0 2 8

0 4 6 0 3 0

0 9.0 0 6 0

20 0 0 15 0 Q

0 0 3

- 22 O O

every(

- 35 0 0 25 0 0

- 1 0 1 4 0 0 10

- 042 030

43 Geo. III.

L

Stones,

Stones, continued.

Stone of the Produce of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney, on Many and imported from those Islands respectively, for every £. 100 of] the Value

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Bun-Stones, and Stones used for the Purpose of paving or amending Roads, being the Produce of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney, or Many may be imported Duty free, fee 42 Geo. 3. c. 95

- of any other Country, not particularly enumerated or described, or other-|

wife charged with Duty, for every £. 100 of the Value

- Stone sculptured. See Sculptured Marble.

- Whetstones the 100 -

Storax, or Styrax, viz.

- Calamita or Liquida, imported directly from the Place of its Growth,

the lb. —

- not imported directly from the Place of its Growth,

the lb.

- in the Tear or Gum, imported directly from the Place of its Growth,

the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of its Growth,

the lb. —

Straw Hats or Bonnets. See Hats.

- Platting. See Platting.

Stuffs of all Sorts, made of or mixed with Wool, the Yard Sturgeon, the Keg not exceeding 5 Gallons —

Succades, the lb.* -

Succini Sal. See Sal.

Succinum, the lb. -

§uccus Liquoritiae, or Liquorice Juice, the cwt. —

Sugar, viz.

- not of the British Plantations, viz.

- White or Clayed Sugar, the cwt.

- Brown or Muscovado Sugar, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Sugar not of the British Plantations may, on Importation into the Ports of London, BriRoly Liverpool, Glasgow, or Leith, be warehoused without Payment| of Duty, fee 32 Geo. 3. c. 43.

- when taken out of such Warehouse to be used in Great Britain

- if White or Clayed Sugar, the cwt.

if Brown or Muscovado Sugar, the cwt.

£ s, d.

2200

3 5

> from any British Colony or Plantation on the Continent of America, viz.

- on Importation, to be warehoused, the cwt. —

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which such Sugar may, on Importation, be warehoused, fee 6 Geo. 3. c. 52.

- when taken out of such Warehouse to be used in Great Britain,

- if White or Clayed Sugar, the cwt.

if Brown or Muscovado Sugar, the cwt.

See also the Head of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in G.

of the British Plantations, viz.

- White or Clayed Sugar, the cwt.

- Brown or Muscovado Sugar, the cwt. —

Drawback.

- if the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar published in

the London Gazette, shall not exceed 35l. the cwt ----- if it shall exceed 35l. and not exceed 40l. the cwt.

- 40l. and not exceed 58l. do.

- 58sr and not exceed 6ox. do.

- 60s. and not exceed 62s. do.

- 62s. and not exceed 64s. do.

- 64s. and not exceed 66s. do.

- 66s. and not exceed 68l. do.

- 68l. and not exceed 70s. do.

if it shall exceed 70s. the cwt. no Drawback to be allowed.

7

o o 4 6

0 8

1 .6

5

10 o

o

o

o

0

1

7

4

1

H

16 o

*7 4

16 o

17 4

003

16

*7

£ t. d+

25 o o

0 3 3

004

008

026

050

220

180

1 2 0 the ci

I I 0 do.

I O 0 do,

0 18 0 do,

0 l6 0 do

0 14 0 do

0 12 0 do

0 IO 0 do

0 8 0 d<

Sugar

Sugar, continued.

All the above Prices are to be taken exclusive of the Duties of Customs paid or payable on the Importation of such Sugar.

On the Exportation of any such Sugar from Great Britain, in any other than a British Ship or Vessel, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, there shall be paid or allowed one Shilling less Drawback for every Hundred Weight thereof, than if the same had been exported in a British Ship or Vessel, so owned, navigated, and registered.

For the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which the Drawback on British Plantation Sugar is to be allowed, fee 43 Geo. 3. c. 11. which Act is to continue in Force for the Port of London, until the 5th of January 1804, and for the other Parts of Great Britain, until the 15th of January 1804.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, undef which the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively are authorized to take Bonds for the Payment of the Duties on British Plantation Sugar, fee 39 and 40 Geo. 3. c. 48. 41 Geo. 3. r. 44. amended and continued by 42 Geo. 3. r. 47. and by 43 Geo. 3. c. 44*. further continued until the 25th Day of March 1804.

- All Refined Sugar, the cwt. -

Note. — The Duties on Sugar imported into Great Britain are to continue in Force until the 25th Day of March 1804, and no longer. — See the A & to which this Schedule is annexed [$ 10].

Sugar Candy, viz.

Brown, the cwt. -

- White, the cwt. -

Sulphur Impressions, for ev^ry £, 100 of the Value — r —

- Vivum, the cwt.

Sun, Raisins of the See Raisins.

Swan Quills. See Quills.

--Skins. See Skins.

Sweep-walkers' Dirt containing Bullion. See Bullion.

Sweet Wood. Sec Wood.

Swine. See Cattle. See also the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Syrup of Alkermes. See Alkermes.

£ s. d.

5 12 o

3 10 o 5 12 o 35 0 o 088

Drawback.

£* d*.

25 o o 066

T.

Tables of Marble polished. See Marble, in Stones.

- of Slate. See Stones.

Tacamahaca Gum. Sec Gum.

Talc, the lb.

Tallow, the cwt.

- Candles. See Candles.

Tamarinds, the lb.

Tanners' Waste, for every £.ioo of the Value -

Tapes, viz.

- Open, for every £. it>o of the Value -

- Worsted, for every £. ioo of the Value -

Taptftry, not of Silk, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Tapioca, the lb.

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Tar, viz.

- of the Produce of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of Great Britain, the Last, Quantity 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31 { Gallons -

- not being the Produce of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown

of Great Britain, imported in a British-built Ship, the Last, Quantity 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31 {- Gallons -

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Last, Quantity 12 Barrels, each

Barrel not exceeding 31 \ Gallons -

- Barbadoes Tar, the lb.

Tares, for every £. 100 of the Value -

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Tarras, the Bushel -

Tartar, Cream of See Cream of Tartar.

SLl

0 0 0 I 3 10 0 0 2

0 0 3 0 0 2

20 0 0 l5 0 0

35 0 0 25 0 0

35 0 0 25 0 0

35 0 0 25 0 0

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 12 0 0 7 3

0 13 3 0 00

0 14 0 0 8 4

0 0 2 0 O I

20 0 05 O O

0 090 0 5

Tern,

[£« §9. / the

[ § f. as to

American To-taro.]

Tea imported from Europe under Licence, for every £.100 of the Value

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftnctions under which Tea may be so imported, fee 18 Geo. 2. c. 26. 6 Geo. 3. c. 13. 16 Geo. 3. c. 51. Subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Teafels, the 1000 -

Telescopes, for every £, 100 of the Value -

Terra, viz.

- Japonica, the lb. -

- Sienna, the cwt. -

- Umbra, the cwt. -

- Verde, the cwt. -

Thermometers, for every £, 100 of the-Value -

Thread, viz. t

- Bruges Thread, the Dozen lbs.

- Cotton Thread, for every £, too of the Value —

- Outnall Thread, the Dozen lbs.

- Pack Thread, the cwt. -

- Sifters* Thread, the lb. -

- Whited brown Thread, the Dozen lbs.

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £, 100 of the Value

Thrown Silk. See Organzine Silk, in Silk.

Thyme, Oil of See Oil.

Ticking, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Ticks, for every £, 100 of the Value -

Tiffanies. See Suk wrought, in Silk.

Tile9, viz.

- Flanders Tiles, the 1000 -

- Galley Tiles, the Foot Square -

- Pan Tiles, the 1000 -

- Paving Tiles not exceeding 10 Inches square, the 1000 —

- exceeding 10 Inches square, the 1000 —

- Plain Tiles, or any Tiles not otherwise enumerated or described, for every

£, 100 of the Value -

Timber. See Wood.

Tin, the cwt.

Tincal. See Borax unrefined.

Tin-Foil, for every £, 100 of the Value -

Tobacco, viz.

- Of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of any of the Plantations

or Dominions of Spain or Portugal, the lb. —

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which such Tobacco may be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, until delivered for Home Trade, Consumption, or Mann failure in Great Britain, fee 29 Geo. 3. c. 68. 31 Geo. 3. c. 47 and 33 Geo. 3. c. 57.

- of the Growth or Production of any of the Territories or Dominions of the Emperor of Russia, or of the Ottoman or Turkish Empire, the lb. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which such Tobacco may be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty until delivered for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manu facture in Great Britain, fee 37 Geo. 3. c. 97*. and the Act to which this Schedule is annexed [$29, 30].

Drawback.

- having been delivered out of the Warehouse for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture in Great Britain, and afterwards manu factured according to Law, into Short-cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco, and exported, the lb. —

- of the Growth or Production of any of his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which such Tobacco may be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, until delivered for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture in Great Britain, fee 29 Geo. 3. c. 68. 31 Geo. 3. c. 47 and 33 Geo. 3. c. 57.

1

5

O

35

o

o

o

o

35

0

52

1

o

0

1

35

s, d,

o o

I o

o o

0 5 15 o 5 6 7 6 o o

18

o

2

18

5

2

o

35

35

o

o

3

2

3

SO

3

35

o o o o

*7 9

o 4

4

5 10 14 o

o o

o o

006

006

£. s. d.

500

2S o o

o o 5 o 10 o 030

259o

089 4< 10 o o 16 2

026 o 15 8

2$ O O

25 o o 25 o o

Oil 2 003 2 8 10 183 249

36 II o

25 o o

006

Tobacco,

Tobacco, continued.

Drawback.

- having been delivered out of the Warehouse for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture in Great Britain, and afterwards manufactured according to Law, into Short-cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco, and exported, the lb.

Tobacco is subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Tobacco Pipes, for every j£\ 100 of the Value -

Tongues, viz.

- Neat's Tongues, the Dozen -

- : ----- Rein Deer Tongues, for every £. 100 of the Value —

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Tonnage Duty on Ships or Vessels entering Inwards (except in Ballast), in any Port of Great Britain, from Foreign Parts. See Table, No. 3, at the End of this Schedule.

Tooth-Powder, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Tornfal or Tumfole, the cwt. -

Tortoise-shell, the lb. -

Touch Stones, for every £*100 of the Value -

Tow, the cwt. -

- of Mu/covy or Russia, not imported in a British-b\xilt Ship, the cwt.

Toys, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Tragacanth Gum. See Gum.

Tram Oil. See Oil.

Trays of Wood, the Dozen -

Treacle of Venice, the lb. -

Tree Nails. See Tmnnels.

Trenchers of Wood, the Gross, Quantity 12 Dozen -

Truffles, the lb.

Trunnels or Tree-nails, the 1000 -

Tubes for smoking, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Tubs of Wood, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Turbith, imported dircdily from the Place of its Growth, the lb. —

- not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. —

Turbots. Duty free.

Turmeric, the lb. -

Turnery, not otherwise enumerated ot described, for every £. 100 of the Value — Turpentine, viz.

- common, the cwt. -

- of Venice, Scio, or Cyprus, the lb.

- , of Germany, or any other Place, not otherwise enumerated or described,

the cwt. -

- Oil of See Oil.

Tutiae Lapis. See Lapis.

Twine, the cwt. -

Twist. for Bandftrings* See Bandfiring Twist.

Tyger Skins. See Skins.

Valonia, the cwt.

Vamish, the cwt. -

Vases, viz.

- of Stone or Marble Sculptured. See Sculptured Marble, in Stones.

- of any other Sort, for every £* lOO of the Value —

Veal, whetner salted or otherwise.

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Vellum, the Skin -

Velves. See Calves Velves.

Verdegris, viz.

common, the lb. -

1 crystallized, the lb. -

£ r. d.

£. s. d.

0 0 6

o on

o 10 6

35 o o

040

004 o 1 3

50 0 0 3<S II 0

0 1 4

35 0 05 O 0

35 0 05 O 0

0 6 0

0 1 10 O I 2

35 0 0 25 O 0

0 39O 2 6

0 4 0 O 2 6

40 0 0 30 0 0

0 1 0 O O 9

0 2 0 O I 0

0 1 2 O O 10

0 29O 2 p

0 4 6 O 2 0

35 0 0 25 O 0

35 0 0 25 O 0

0 1 4 O O 8

0 3 10 O 2 0

0 0 3 O O 2

35 0 05 O 0

0 2 6 O I 6

0 0 5 O O 3

0 16 2 O 8 6

0 18 9

Verjuice.

814 C. 68. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards. Duty. Drawback.

Verjuice. See Vinegar. Vermicelli, the lb. - See the Note under the Head of Provisions* £ ' d-003 [1002.

16

io

o

o

o

o

- 1 2

3

- , o

- 35

- 120

o o 8

Vermillion or Cinnabar, the lb.

Users. See Wood.

Vinegar or Verjuice, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons Vinelloes, the fb.

Violet Leaves. See Leaves.

Vitriol, Oil of See Oil.

Vitriolum Romanum, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Umber, the cwt. -

Vomica Nux. See Nux Vomica.

Usquebaugh. See Spirits.

Vulture Feathers. See Feathers.

W.

Wafers, the lb. -

Wainscot Boards. See Boards, in Wood.

- Logs. See Wood.

Walking Canes. See Canes.

- Sticks. See Sticks.

Walnut OiL See Oil.

Walnuts. See Nuts.

Washing Balls. See Balls.

Waste Silk. See Silk.

Watch Glasses, for every £. too of the Value — — — 70 o o

Subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Watches of Gold, Silver, or other Metal, for every £. 100 of the Value — 35 o o

Water, viz.

- Arquebufcade.

- Citron.

- Cordial. See Spirits.

- Hungary.

- Lavender.

- Mineral or natural Water, the Dozen Bottles or Flasks, each Bottle or Flask

not exceeding three Pints — — — < —

- Strong Water. See Cordial Water, in Spirits.

Wax, viz.

- Bay or Myrtle Wax, the lb.

- Bees Wax unmanufactured, the cwt. —

- white or manufactured, the cwt.

- hard Wax, the lb.

- Sealing Wax, for every £. 100 of the Value —

- Candles. See Candles.

Weasel Skins. See Skins.

Weed Allies. See Allies.

Weld, the cwt.

Whale Fins, of Foreign Fishing, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt.

- of British Fishing the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt. —

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Whale Fins may be admitted to Entry, as of Brit'ish Fishing, fee the several Acts referred to under the Head of Oil.

Whale Oil. See Oil, in Oil.

Wheat. See Corn.

- Flour. See Corn.

Whetflones. See Stones.

Whipcord, the lb. -

Whisk Brooms. See Brooms.

White Boards for Shoe-makers. See Boards, in Wood.

Wicker Ware, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Wick Yarn. See Yarn.

6

o

10

6

o

1

o

10

o o

- , 35 o o

006

7 17 6

076

002

004

030

005

43 o o 25 o o

018

004 I 10 o 3 1 4

010 25 o o

009 90 o o

25 o o Wine

Wines, viz.

- French Wine imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun, Quantity 252

Gallons -

- not imported in a British-bm\t Ship, the Tun, Quantity 252

Gallons -

- exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, to

any British Settlement in the East Indies, to China, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons -

- exported to any other Place, the Tun, Quantity 252

Gallons -

Wi-

- Madeira Wine imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun, Quantity 252

Gallons -

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun, Quantity 252

Gallons -

- exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons -

-exported to any other Place, the Tun, Quantity 252

Gallons -

- Rhenish, Germany, and Hungary Wine, imported in a British-b\iih Ship, the

Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons -

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons -

- exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, <y

to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons

-exported to any other Place, the Tun, Quantity 252

Gallons -

- Portugal Wine, Spanish Wine, and all Wines not otherwise enumerated or described,

' — imported in a British-b\i\lt Ship, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons -

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun, Quantity 2521

Gallons -

- exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons -

-exported to any other Place, the Tun, Quantity 252

Gallons -

- Wine entered for Prisage, viz.

- French Wine imported into the Port of London,

- in a British-bu\\x. Ship, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons

- not in a J?r/7//ft-built Ship, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons

- exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, to any British Settlement in the East Indies, to China, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons -

-exported to any other Place, the Tun, Quantity 252

Gallons -

- imported into any Port of England, except the Port of

London,

£. s. d.

64 I o 68 5 o

43 1 0

46 4 o

64 I o 68 5 o

42 o o

45 3 o

- in a j&r/V^ft-built Ship, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons

- not in a British-built Ship, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons

- exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, to

any British Settlement in the East Indies, to China, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons -

- exported to any other Place, the Tun, Quantity 252

Gallons -

56 4 IO

58 19 9

57 13 10

60 8 10

Drawback.

£ d.

59 ll o

54 12 o

39 18 o

36 15 o

59 6 6

54 1 6

39 18 o

36 15 o

52 o 10 48 6 1

5J91° 493 7

Wines,

Wines (entered for Prisage), continued.

- Madeira Wine imported into the Port of London,

- in a British-built Ship, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons

- not in a BritJb-huWt Ship, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons

exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons -

- : ----- exported to any other Place, the Tun, Quantity 252

Gallons -

- imported into any Port of England, except the Port of London,

in a British-built Ship, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons

- not in a British-built Ship, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons

- exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons -

- exported to any other Place, the Tun, Quantity 252

Gallons — w -

Portugal and Sfanjh Wine imported into the Port of London,

- in a British-built Ship, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons

- not in a British-buTlt Ship, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons

- ., 1. exported to any Britjb Colony or Plantation in America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons -

- exported to any other Place, the Tun, Quantity 252

Gallons -

- imported into any Port of England, except the Port of

London,

- in a British-built Ship, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons

not in a Britjb-built Ship, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons

- exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons -

- exported to any other Place, the Tun, Quantity 252

Gallons -

Rhenjh, German, and Hungary Wine, imported into any Port in England,

- in a Britjb-hxv&t Ship, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons

- not in a British-built Ship^ the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons

- exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any of the Territories or the United States of America, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons -

- exported to any other Place, the Tun, Quantity 252

Gallons -

- not otherwise enumerated or described, imported into the

Port oi London,

- in a British-built Ship, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons

- not in a British-built Ship, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons

- exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons -

- exported to any other Place, the Tun, Quantity 252

Gallons -

- imported into any Port of England, except the Port of

London,

- in a British-built Ship, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons

not in a British-built Ship, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons

Wine Lees.

- exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons -

- exported to any other Place, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons -

Wine is subject also to Duties of Excise.

Subject to the same Duty as Wine, but no Drawback is allowed on Lees of Wine exported.

£ d.

37 16

40 o 6

38 16 2 40 19 11

36 15 11 38 19 6

37 15 2 39 18 11

54 >5

57 1°

34 30

357 9

35 12 10 37 6 10

£ d-

34 13 11 32 4

353 2 33 2 5

34 13 11

32 4 IO/

35 13 2 33 2 5

50 1 3

46 7 6

32 1 10

29 18 7

33 10 10 31 6 i

Wintcranu.

Winteranus Cortex. See Cortex.

Wire, viz.

- Brass or Copper, not otherwise enumerated or described, the cwt.

--Gilt or plated, for every £. 100 of the Value

--Iron, not otherwise enumerated or described, the cwt. —

--Latteu, the cwt. -

- Silver, for every £. 100 of the Value -

- Steel, the lb. -

--Virginal Wire of Brass, Copper, or Iron, the lb.

Wisp Steel. See Steel.

Woad, viz.

--Green Woad, the cwt. -

--Thouloufe Woad, the cwt. -

Wolverines! 3 Sce Skin*

Wood, viz.

- Anchor Stocks imported from any Part of Europe,

- in a British-built Ship, the Piece —

- not in a Britjb-built Ship, the Piece —

- of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or

Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence the Piece -

V Balks, imported from any Part of Europe,

--under 5 Inches Square, and under 24 Feet in Length*

- in a BritJbA)uilt Ship, the 120 —

- not in a 'Britjb-buik Ship, the 120 —

- 5 Inches Square, and under 8 Inches Square, or if 24 Feet in Length

or upwards,

- in a Britjb-built Ship, the 120 -

- not in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- of all Sorts under 8 Inches Square, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 -

>» — — Battens, imported from any Part of Europe,

- 8 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 20 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 2} Inches m Thickness - — — in a British-built Ship, the 120 —

- not in a Brhish-b\xAt Ship, the 120 —

exceeding 20 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, or if exceeding 2{ Inches in Thickness,

- in a British-buHt Ship, the 120 —

- not in a Britj/b-built Ship, the 120 —

- ' Batten-ends, imported from any Part of Europe

- under 8 Feet in Length, not above j Inches in Width, and not exceeding 2} Inches in Thickness,

- in a British-bxx&i Ship, the 120 —

- not in a Britjb^buxlt Ship, the 120 —

- under 8 Feet iu Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and

exceeding 2} Inches in Thickness

- 1- — — in a British-built Ship, the 120 —

- not in a BM/b-built Ship, the 120 —

...Battens and Batten-ends of all Sorts, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 -

- Beech Plank, imported from any Part of Europe,

- 2 Inches in Thickness or upwards,

- in a Britj/b-bmh Ship, the Load, Quantity 50 cubic

Feet -

not in a British-built Ship, the Load, Quantity 50 cubic

Feet -

- of all Sorts, of the Growth and Production of the British

Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 -

JM

£. t. d.

43 Geo. III.

3 10 35 o 3 13 3 7 35 o o 1 O I

028

050

052 0 5 4

006

2 iy 8 2 16 8

7 10 o 7 n 6

o 10 o

3 5o 3 6 6

6 10 o 6 12 6

1 1 10

126

246

256

050

1 10 6 1 10 6

050

£, /. d.

2 to 25 o 2 14 2925 o o o O I

o

o

o

8

o

9

2

o 1 3

o 2 10

033

033

r 10 11

1 10 XI

3 l7*3 l7

I is 6

I 18 4

3 17 0

37 0

0 12 10

0 12 10

t 5

1 5 8

o 18 XI o 18 11

Wood,

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards.

Duty.

Drawback.

Wood, continued.4

- Beech Quarters, imported from any Part of Europe,

- r----- under 5 Inches Square, and under 24 Feet in Length,

--in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

--not in a British-bxn\\. Ship, the 120 -

- 5 Inches Square, and under 8 Inches* Square, or if 24

Feet in Length or upwards,

--in a British-built Ship, the 120 — " —

- not in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- of all Sorts under 8 Inches Square, of the Growth and

Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120

- Boards, viz.

- Beech Boards, imported from any Part of Europe,

- under 2 Inches in Thickness, and under 15 Feet in

Length,

--in a British-hu\h Ship, the 120 —

--not in a j?r/7i/Z>-built Ship, the 120

- under 2 Inches in Thickness, and if 15 Feet in Length

or upwards,

--in a British-built Ship, the 120

--not in a British-b\i\\x. Ship, the 120

- Clap Boards, imported from any Part of Europe,

- not exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and under

8 Inches Square,

--in a Z?r/7//Z>-built Ship, the 120 —

- not in a British-b\i\\t Ship, the 120

- of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly

from thence, the 120 —

*----- Linft Boards, or White Boards for Shoemakers, imported from any

Part of Europe,

- under Feet in Length, and under 6 Inches in

Thickness,

--in a BritJh-bXiWt Ship, the 120 -

--not in a British-b\x\\t Ship, the 120 —

- 4 Feet in Length, or 6 Inches in Thickness or

upwards,

--in a British-bu\\t Ship, the 120 -

--not in a British-built Ship, the 1 20 —

- Oak Boards, imported from any Part of Europe,

--: - under 2 Inches in Thickness, and under 15 Feet in

Length,

- in a British-bwWt Ship, the 120 -

--not in a British-bu\\x. Ship, the 120 —

- under 2 Inches in Thickness, and if 15 Feet in Length

or upwards,

--in a British -built Ship, the 120 -

--not in a Brhlflo bmXx. Ship, the 120 —

- 1--- Paling-Boards, imported from any Part of Europe,

- hewed on one Side, and not exceeding 7 Feet in

Length,

- in a British-b\n\t Ship, the 120 -

--not in a British-buWx. Ship, the 120 —

- hewed on one Side, and exceeding 7 Feet in Length,

--in a BrUJh-bxrAt Ship, the 120 —

--not in a Br'tlish-built Ship, the 120

*' — Pipe-Boards, imported from any Part of Europe,

- above 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 8 Feet in Length, and under 8 Inches Square,

- in a British-b\v\l Ship, the 120 —

--not in a British-built Ship, the x 20

x. d. £ ' d.

2158 I JO 11

2 16 8 I IO II

q 10 0 \ 3 i7 0

7126 3 ll 0

0 0 0 t 1

2150 1 17 8

2176 1 17 8

5 10 0 35 4

5126 3 15 4

1176 0 19 6

x 18 0 0 19 6

076

4 4 0 2 16 6

4 6 6 2 l6 6

8 8 0 13 O

8 11 0 5 13 O

5 11 3 4 5 3

55 0 4 5 3

11 2 6 8 10 6

11 7 6 8 10 6

0 11 4 0 7 4

0 11 8 0 7 4

1 2 8 0 14 8

1 3 4 0 14 8

2 16 3 19«

2 16 8 196

Wood

"Wood, continued.

- Boards, Pipe Boards (imported from any Part of Europe), continued.

- ; ----- exceeding 8 Feet in Length, and underS Inches Square,

--in a Britl/h-buWt Ship, the 120 -

--not in a Brit'ish-built Ship, the 120

- of all Sorts exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and

under 8 Inches Square, of the Growth and Production of the BrU'ish Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 Wainscot-Boards, imported from any Part of Europe,

- the Foot containing 12 Feet in Length, and 1 Inch

in Thickness, and so in Proportion for any greater or IcfTer Length or Thickness,

--in a Briii/b-built Ship —

--not in a British-built Ship

- of all Sorts not otherwise enumerated or described,

of the Growth and Produ£lion of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 126 —

Bowsprits. See Mails.

Boxwood, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies, Plantations.

or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence respectively, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt.

- of the Growth and Production of any other Country or Place, or

if otherwise imported, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt.

BrazilWood, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt.

Brazihtto ox Jamaica Wood, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt. —

Cam Wood, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt. —

Deals, imported from any Part of Europe,

- above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length, and not above 10

Feet in Length, and not exceeding ii Inch in Thickness,

- in a British-bu\\t Ship, the 120 -

- not in a British-bu\k Ship, the 1 20 -

- above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length, and not above 20

£ d* £. /. d*

Feet in Length, and not exceeding 3 J Inches in Thickness (except - " Jth, a

Thickness),

Deals not above 10 Feet in Length, and not exceeding if Inch in

- in a Brit'ish-built Ship, the 120 not in a British-b\x\\t Ship, the 120

- above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length, and not above 20 Feet in Length, and exceeding 3} Inches in Thickness,

--in a Briti/Jj-built Ship, the 120 —

--not in a British-b\Y&t Ship, the 120 —

- above 7 Inches in Width, exceeding 20 Feet in Length, and not exceeding Inches in Thickness,

--in a British-bm\t Ship, the 120 —

--not in a Brit'ish-built Ship, the 120 —

- above 7 Inches in Width, exceeding 20 Feet in Length, and exceeding Inches in Thickness,

--in a British built Ship, the 120 -

--not in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

Deal Ends, imported from any Part of Europe,

- above 7 Inches in Width, being under 8 Feet in Length, and not

exce ('1 g 3J Inches in Th: kness,

--in a Brit'JhAioWx. Ship, the 120 -

--not in a British-bu\\t Ship, the 120 -

- above 7 Inches in Width, being under 8 Feet in Length, and

exceeding 3$ Inches in Thickness,

--in a British-bmh Ship, the 120 -

--not in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

Deals and Deal Ends, of all Sorts, of the Growth and Production of the Brit'ish Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 -

5M2

5 12 6 53 4

022 o

o 1 9

O I 10

050

100

4 17 6

2 17 6

0 10 3

1 3 4

3 3 4 3 5°

6 8 0

6 12 A

12 16 0

J3 0 0

15 1 610

16 5 0

307 10

31 7 6

2 3 6

2 5 0

4 4 6

4 7 6

0 5 0

2 19 o 2 19 o

O I I

O I I

9 o

2 10 6

2 10 4

3 >7 37

7 14 o 7 14

8110 811 e

17 2 o

17 2 o

1 5 I

1 s

2 11 4

2 11 4

Wood,

- o 12 9

- ,5 4 3

Wood, continued.

*--- - Ebony, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies, Plantations,

or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported direct, from thence respectively, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt,

- of the Growth and Production of any other Country or Place, or ifj otherwise imported, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt.

Firewood, imported from any Part of Europe,

- the Fathom, 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high,

- m a British-built Ship —

--not in a British-built Ship —

of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America* and imported directly from thence, the Fathom 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high —

- r Fir. quarters, imported from any Part of Europe,

under 5 Inches Square, and under 24 Feet in Length,

--in a British-built Ship, the 120

d.

d.

5 Inches Square, and under 8 inches Square, or if 24 Feet in

o

o

not in a British-built Ship, the 120 - Inche

Length or upwards

--m a British-built Ship, the 120

--not in a British-built Ship, the 120

.»of all Sorts under 8 Inches Square, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 Fir Timber. See Timber.

Fustick, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt. —

Handspikes, imported from any Part of Europe*

under 7 Feet in Length,

- in a British-built Ship, the 120

--not in a BriH/bA^mlx. Ship, the 120

7 Feet in Length or upwards,

- in a British-hxiAt Ship, the 120

--not in a British-bviilx. Ship, the 120

of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence,

--under 7 Feet in Length, the 120 —

- 7 Feet in Length or upwards, the 120 —

Knees of Oak, imported from any Part of Europe*

--under 5 Inches Square,

- in a British-built Ship, the 120 —

--not in a British-built Ship, the 120 —

5 Inches Square and under 8 Inches Square,

- in a BrttiflbbxflLt Ship, the 120 —

not in aBritish-kwh Ship, the 120 —

- 8 Inches Square or upwards,

- in a Britishkuilt Ship, the Load, Quantity 50 Cubic

Feet

- not in a British-built Ship, the Load, Quantity 50 Cubic Feet -

- of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or

Plantations in America* and imported directly from thence,

- under 8 Inches Square, the 120 — 8 Inches Square or upwards, the Load, Quantity 50

Cubic Feet from any Part of Europe*

- >, the Fathom 6 Feet wide, and

Lathwood, impo

- in Pieces under 5 Feet in 6 Feet high,

- in a British-bu\\t Ship -

- not in a British-built Ship —

in Pieces 5 Feet in Length or upwards, the Fathom

wide ana 6 Feet high,

- in a British-byxiXt Ship -

- not in a Britfb-b^ Ship -

6 Feet

!5

16

10

12

o

o

o

o

3

3

o 10 o

o 15 o

*4

l5

9

10

o 19

100

050

034

10

11

12 J o

O 3 10 O 3 IQ.

I IO II I IO II

37*37

096

096

o 19 o o 19 O

° 3

0 3

1 10 1 10

o9o 9

1

s

6

a

o 18 11 O 18 II

1 8 4

184

Wood

Wood (Lathwood), continued.

- of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America^ and imported directly from thence, in Pieces of all Sorts, the Fathom 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high -

- Lignum Vit* of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported direCUy from thence respectively, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt.

- of the Growth and Production of any other Country or

Place, or if otherwise imported, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt. ----- Logwood, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt. -

--Mahogany, of the Growth of any of the Bahama Islands, and imported

directly from thence, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt. —

- of the Growth of the British Limits within the Province of Tu

catan in the Bay of Honduras, and imported directly from the said Bay, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt.

- not imported directly from any of the Bahama Islands.

or not imported directly from the Bay of Honduras, or any Mahogany being of the Growth of any other Country or Place, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt.

- Mails, Yards, or Bowsprits, imported from any Part of Europe,

.. 6 Inches in Diameter, and under 8 Inches,

--in a Britishhbuilt Ship, the Piece —

- not in a JSriti/bA)\uh Ship, the Piece —

8 Inches in Diameter, and under 12 Inches,

--in a Britj/b-b\ri\t Ship, the Piece —

--not in a British-built Ship, the Piece

- 12 Inches in Diameter or upwards

- in a British-built Ship, the Load, Quantity 50 Cubic

Feet -

- not in a 2?*&-built Ship, the Load, Quantity 50 Cubic Feet -

1 «' — of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or

Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence,

- 6 Inches in Diameter, and under 8 Inches the Piece —

- 8 Inches in Diameter, and under 12 Inches the Piece

- 12 Inches in Diameter, or upwards, the Load, Quantity 50 Cubic Feet -

- Nicaragua Wood, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt. —

- Oak Plank, imported from any Part of Europe,

- 2 Inches in Thickness or upwards

- in a British-built Ship, the Load, Quantity 50 Cubic Feet -

- not in a British-built Ship, the Load, Quantity 50 Cubic Feet -

- of all Sorts, of the Growth and Production of the British

Colonies or Plantations in America^ and imported directly from thence, the 120 -

.. Oak Timber. See Timber*

- Oars, imported from any Part of Europe,

- in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- not in a BritUb-bwil Ship, the 120 —

- of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations

in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120'Olive Wood, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies Plantations, or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence respectively, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt. — 1 of the Growth and Production of any other Country or Place,

or if otherwise imported, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt*

- Red or Guinea Wood, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt. —

- Rose Wood, the cwt.

£- ' d.

3

068

16 8

5 6

6 8 6 8

400

o

o

3 o 3 4

8 o 8 6

o o

o 9

o

o

2 O

S a

18916 Q

15 IQ 17 Q

QJO

12 O 15 Q

O 12 O

5

1

1

7 6

4 3 3 4

8 o

Drawback.

£ /. d.

2 0 0 I 10 o r 10 o

300

o 1 8

018

049.

049

o9&

098

o i a 021

098

o 18 4. o 18 4

2 16 6 2 16 6*

3*o

o 18 8

Wood*

Wood, continued.

- Round Wood, imported from any Part of Europe,

- in Pieces under 8 Inches Square and under 6 Feetiu Length,

- in a 2?n7//&-built Ship, the 120 —

- not in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- in Pieces under 8 such es Square, and if 6 Feet in Length or'

upwards,

- in a British-built Ship, the 120 —

- not in a British-b\i\\t Ship, the 120 —

- of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or

Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, in Pieces of all Sorts under 8 Inches Square, the 120 —

- Spars imported from any Part of Europe,

--under 22 Feet in Length, and under Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark,

--in a BritJh-buAt Ship, the 120 -

--not in a British-bwWi Ship, the 120 -

--22 Feet m Length or upwards, and under Inches in Diameter, ex-

elusive of the Bark,

- in a BritJh-buWt Ship, the 120 -

--not in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- 4 Inches in Diameter, and under 6 Inches, exclusive of the Bark,

--in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

--not in a British-bw\\t Ship, the 120 —

- of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations

in America, and imported direct, from thence, of all Sorts under 6 Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, the 120 —

- Speckled Wood, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies,

' Plantations, or Settlements in Africa or Amer'tcay and imported directly from thence respectively, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt.

- of the Growth and Production of any other Country or

Place, or if otherwise imported, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt,

- Spokes for Wheels imported from any Part of Europe % not exceeding 2 Feet

in Length,

--in a British-built Ship, the 1000 —

--not in a BritJlj-buWt Ship, the 1000

- exceeding 2 Feet in Length,

--in a British-built Ship, the 1000 —

--not in a BritJh-buWt Ship, the 1000

- of all Sorts, of the Growth and Production of the British

Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 1000 -

- Staves imported from any Part of Europe, not exceeding 36 Inches in Length,

not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,

- in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- not fn a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- above 36 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 50 Inches in Length,

not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,

r — in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- not in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

above 50 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 60 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,

- in a Brit Jib-built Ship, the 120 -

- not in a British*built Ship, the 120 —

above 60 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 72 Inches in Length,

not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,

- in a British-bvlilt Ship, the 120 -

- not in a British-built Ship, the 120 —

£ j. d. £ d.

1 7 6 0 18 ir

8 4 0 18 11

2 15 0 I 1710

2 16 8 1 1710

0 2 0

0 17 4 096

0 18 4 09<

1 10 0 0 15 6

1 11 0 0 15

3 5 0 1 14 0

3 7 6 1 14 0

0 10 0

o 10

5 7

2

2

4

4

1

3

3

6

8

8

16

16

3

3

6

6

O 39i

O 8 0 0 3 10

O 8 2 0 3 10

O5 0 0 7 3

O 6 0 7 3

I 0 0 09?

I 0 6 093

I94 0 14 6

1 10 0 0 <5

Wood

r

A.D. 1803.

C. 68

823

43° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards. Duty. Drawback.

Wood (Staves imported from any Part of Europe), continued. above 72 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, £ /. d. £ d*

- in a British-built Ship, the 120 — — - 13 4 0168

not in a British-bu\\t Ship, the 120 - above 3 Inches in Thickness, or above 7 Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, imported from any Part of Europe, shall be deemed Clap-boards, and pay Duty accordingly. — above 3 Inches in Thickness or above 7 Inches in Breadth, and exceeding 5 Feet 3 Indies in Length, imported from any Part of Europe, shall be deemed Pipe-boards, and pay Duty accordingly. — — of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, of all Sorts not 1 15 0 0 16 8

exceeding 50 Inches in Length, the 120 — — of all Sorts, exceeding 50 Inches in Length, the 120 — Sweetwood, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies, Plantations, or Sutl meats, in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence respectively, the Ton, Quantity 009 016

20 cwt. - of the Growth and Production of any other Country or 0 10 0

Place, or if other wise imported, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt. Timber, viz. ' - - Fir Timber of the Growth of Norway, and imported directly from thence, 8 Inches Square, and not exceeding 10 Inches Square, in a Britj/L-bwWi Ship, the Load, Quantity 6 11 0 00

50 Cubic Feet — — not in a British-built Ship, the Load, Quail- 090 064

tity 50 Cubic Feet — — — exceeding 10 Inches Square, — in a Brujjh-hmlt Ship, the Load, Quantity 094 064

50 Cubic Feet — — not in a Bri; j/b-bu\lt Ship, the Load, Quan- 100 098

tity 50 Cubic Feet — — imported from any other Part of Europe, 8 Inches Square or upwards, in a Britj/b-hu\\t Ship, the Load, Quantity 1 09098

y 50 Cubic Feet — — not in a British-built Ship, the Load, Quan- 100 098

tity 50 Cubic Feet - of the Growth and Production of the Briti/l Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, 8 Inches Square or upwards, the Load, Quantify 50 Cubic Feet — r — Oak Timber imported from any Part of Europe, 8 Inches Square or upwards, in a British built Ship the Load, Quantity 109 0 , 1 6 098

50 Cubic Feet — — not in a British-hmXt Ship, the Load, Quantity 0 19 0 O92

50 Cubic Feet' — — or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, 8 Inches Square or upwards, the Load, Quantity 50 Cubic Feet — — or otherwise charged with Duty, imported from any Part of Europe, being 8 Inches Square or upwards, — in a Bntfi-huilt Ship, the Load, Quantity 0 -» u O 4- O OQ2

50 Cubic Feet — — — m not in lE'ish-hvrXt Ship, the Load, Quantity I O 0 09s

50 Cubic Feet — — i 09098 WuoJ

Wood, Timber (Oak Timber), continued.

- of all Sorts, not particularly enumerated or described,

or otherwise charged with Duty, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, being 8 Inches Square or upward the Load, Quantity 50 Cubic Feet -

- Users, imported from any Part of Europe,

- under 5 Inches Square, and under 24 Feet in Length,

- in a British-built Ship, the 120 — ' —

- not in a 2?rj/*&-built Ship, the 120 -

- 5 Indies Square, and under 8 Inches Square, or if 24 Feet in

Length or upwards,

- in a British-built Ship, the 120 —

- not in a British-bxr&t Ship, the 120 —

- of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported direct, from thence, of all Sorts, under 8 Inches Square, the 120 —

- > Wain (cot Logs, imported from any Part of Europcy

- being 8 Inches Square, or upwards,

- in a British-built Ship, the Load, Quantity 50 Cubic

Feet -

- not in a British-built Ship, the Load, Quantity 50 Cubic Feet -

- of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or

Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, being 8 Inches Square, or upwards, the Load, Quantity 50 Cubic Feet -

Yards. See Mads.

- unmanufactured, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or

Plantations in America, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £*ioo of the Value

- not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty,

for every £. 100 of the Value -

Wood Ashes. See Ashes.

Wood Scoops. See Scoop6.

'Wooden Clocks. See Clocks.

Wool, viz.

- Beaver Wool, the lb.

- cut and combed (except combed in Russia, and imported from

thence in a British-built Ship), the lb. —

- Carmmia Wool. See Goat Hair, in Hair.

- Coney Wool, the lb. -

Cotton Wool, viz.

- of the Growth or Production of any of the British Colonies or

Plantations, the 100 lbs.

- of the Growth or Production of Turkeyf

--imported in a Britishbuilt Ship, the 100 lbs.

--not imported in a British-bwiit Ship, the 100 lbs.

- of the Growth or Production of any other Country or Place,

--imported in a British-built Ship, the 100 lbs.

--not imported in a British-built Ship, the 100 lbs.

- Goat's Wool. See Goat Hair, in Hair.

- Hare's Wool, the cwt. -

- Lamb's Wool or Sheep's Wool, the cwt.

- Ostrich or Edridge Wool,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- Polonia Wool, the cwt. -

- Red Wool, the cwt. -

- Spanish Wool, the ewt. -

- Turkey Goat's Wool. See Goat Hair, in Hair.

Woollen Cloths, all Manner of, the Yard -

- Stuffs. See Stuffs.

Yarn. See Yarn.

£ d*

016

2158 2 16 8

7 10 o 7126

o 10 o

176

184

0 3 4

3 12 o 20 o o

0 I 0

I I 0

0 0 2

0 8 4

0 8 4

0 16 8

0 12 6

I 0 10

03 4

0 4 8

0 4 8

0 10 0

0 4 8

0 4 8

0 4 8

I 1 0

1 10 11 1 10 11

3 17 o 37 o

Q 14 2

O 14 2

15 O

Worm

Worm Seed. See Seed. Worsted Tsipes. Sec Tape*. --- Yarn. See Yarn.

Y.

Yards. See Mails, in Wood.

Yam, viz.

- Cable Yarn, the cwt.

- Camel or Mohair Yarn, the lb.

- Cotton Yarn, the lb.

- of the Manufacture of the Isle of Man. See Man, Ilk of.

- Grog ram Yarn, the lb. -

- Raw Linen Yarn made of Flax, viz.

- Ermeland Yam, Lithuania Yam, and Tow Yarn, being the Pro-

duction of any of the Territories or Dominions of his Majestyj the King of Prussia, I

--imported in a British-hwWt Ship, directly from any Part of I

the said Territories or Dominions, the cwt. —

--imported in a British-built Ship, not directly from any Part

of the said Territories or Dominions, the cwt. —

- of any other Sort, imported in a British*built Ship, the cwt. —

- of all Sorts, not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. —

Raw Linen Yam, not made of Flax,

- r- imported in a Bri///Z>-built Ship, the cwt.

--not imported in a British*built Ship, the cwt.

- Wick Yam, the cwt. -

- Woollen or Bay Yam, the cwt. -

- Worsted Yam, being of two or more Threads, twilled or thrown, the lb.

- of any other Sort, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £. ioo of the Value —

Yellow Berries. Sec Berries.

Z.

Zaffre, for every £. ioo of the Value -

Zedoaria, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. —

- not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not otherwise enumerated or described, prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, imported from Europe, under Licence for Exportation to Africa, for every £. 100 the Value —

For the Conditions, Regulations, and restrictions under which such Goods may be so imported, fee 5 Geo. 3. c. 30.

All Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being either in Part or wholly manufactured, and not being enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, and not prohibited to be imported into or used in Great Britain, for ever)' £ 100 of the Value -

All Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not being either in Part or wholly manufactured, and not being enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, and not prohibited to be imported into or used in Great Britain, for every £. 100 of the Value -

d.

OUTWARDS.

FOREIGN.

Agaric, viz.

- rough or untrimmed, the lb.

- trimmed or pared, the lb. —

Ammoniacum Sal. See Sal Ammoniacus.

Anotto, the lb. -

Antimonium Crudum, the cwt.

Aqua Fortis, the Gallon -

Arabic Gum. See Gum.

Argol* the dwt.

43 Geo. III. 5-N

10

1

o

o 10

006

o

o

o

o

o

2

O

o

I

1 12

2

H

I

18

I

o

o

10

4

10

4

6

35 o o

55 o o 008 019

2 10 o

35 0 0

—; 20 o o

001

004

001

004

00c

£. t. d.

0 0 6 0 0 3

0 0 7

i 8 o o 13 o 009

25 O o

25 o o 004 010

25 o o

15 O O

Arfcnic,

SCHEDULE (A.) — Outwards.

FOREIGN.

Arsenic, the cwt.

Bay Berries, the cwt.

Beaver Skins, the Skin or Piece of Skin -

- Wool. See Wool.

Brazil Wood. w

Braziletto or Jamaica Wood. } bee Wood-Calaminaris Lapis. See Lapis Calaminaris.,

Cochineal, the lb.

Cotton Wool. See Wool.

Cream of Tartar, the cwt. -

East India Goods,

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, having been imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and secured in Warehouses according to Law, may be exported directly from such Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, Indigo excepted.

Fuflick. See Wood.

Galls, the cwt.

Gem Sal. See Sal.

Guinea Wood. See Red Wood, in Wood.

Gum, viz.

- Arabic, the cwt.

- Senega, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which 30 Tons of Gum Arabic or Gum Senega, may be annually exported to Ireland, Duty free, fee 6 Geo. 3. c. 46.

- Stick-lac, the cwt. -

Jamaica Wood. See Braziletto Wood, in Wood;

Ifmglass, the cwt.

Lapis Calaminaris, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Litmus, the cwt.

Logwood. See Wood.

Madder, the cwt.

- Root, the cwt.

Nicaragua Wood. See Wood.

Orchal, the cwt.

Orclielia, the cwt.

Pomegranate Peels, the cwt. -

Red or Guinea Wood. See Wood.

Safflower, the lb.* -

Sal, viz. I

--Ammoniacu?, the cwt.

--Gem, the cwt. - i

Safari Wood. See Wood.

Saunders, red, the cwt. -

Senega Gum. See Gum.

Shumac or Sumach, the cwt.

Stick Lac. See Gum.

Tobacco, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the Plantations or Dominions of Spain or Portugal, when delivered for Exportation, out of the Warehouse in which such Tobacco shall, 'on the Importation thereof, have been secured, the lb. -

Tonnage Duty on Ships or Vessels entering outwards (except in Ballast) in any Port of Great Britain, for Foreign Parts. See Table No. 3. at the End of this Schedule.

Tornfal or Turnsole, the cwt. -

Valonia, the cwt.

Verdegris, the lb.

Wood, viz.

- Brazil Wood, the cwt. -

- Braziletto or Jamaica Wood, the cwt. -

-Fuflick, the cwt.

-Logwood, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reflri&ions under which Logwood may be exported, in Briit/b-built Ships, Duty free, fee 7 Geo. 3. c. 47.

7

Duty.

d.

048 002 o a 9

004

014

014

1 16 8

065!

048

o

6

o

o

o

o

o

o

a

o

1 o o o o 8

O II

o 10

o 6

o o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

8

4

2 9

3

4

Woodb

FOREIGN.

Wood, continued.

- Nicaragua Wood, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt. —

- Red or Guinea Wood, the cwt.

- Sapan Wood, the cwt.

Wool, viz.

- Beaver Wool, the lb. -

BRITISH.

Alum, the cwt. -

Badger Skins. See Skins.

Calaminaris Lapis. See Lapis Calaminaris.

Calve Skins. See Skins.

Cards, viz.

-New Wool Cdrds, the Dozen -

- Old Wool Cards, the Dozen -

Cat Skins. See Skins.

Coals, usually sold by Measure, viz.

- exported to the Kle of Man, the Chalder, Winchester Measure —

- to any British Colony or Plantation in America, the

Chalder, Winchester Measure -

- to any of the Territories of the United States of America,

- in a British-built Ship, the Chalder, Newcastle

Measure.

- not in a British-built Ship, the Chalder, Nnu-

eaJUc Measure —

- to any other Place,

- in a British-b\xilt Ship, the Chalder, Newcastle

Measure -

' - not in a BritiJB-built Ship, the Chalder, New-

castle Measure -

- exported in certain Quantities, from the Ports of Newcastle and

Swansea, to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, the Chalder, Newcastle Measure -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Coals may be so imported, fee 6 Geo. 3. c. 40. Coals, usually sold by Weight, viz.

- exported to the Kle of Man9 the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt. —

- to any British Colony or Plantation in America, the Ton,

Quantity 20 cwt. -

- to any of the Territories of the United States of America,

- in a British-built Ship, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt.

- not in a British-hui\t Ship, the Ton, Quantity

20 cwt.

- to any other Place,

- in a British-bxHh Ship, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt.

- not in a British-b\i\\t Ship, the Ton, Quantity

20 cwt. -

Coney Skins. See Skins.

Copperas, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Cow Hair. See Ox Hair, in Hair.

Culm, viz.

- exported to the Kle of ATan, the Chalder, Winchester Measure —

- to any Brittish Colony or Plantation in America, the Chalder, Winchester Measure -

- to any of the Territories of the United States of America

- in a British-bm\t Ship, the Chalder, Nciucajllc Measure —

- not in a British-bw&t Ship, the Chalder, New castle Measure

- to any other Place,

- in a British-built Ship, the Chalder, Newcastle Measure —

--not in a British-built Ship, the Chalder, Newcastle Measure

Geldings. See Horses.

jN2

£ d.

050 o o u 005

026

014

008

005

014

026

017 o i 10 3

120 1 15 4

O 12 O

O O IO

018

059

OIOO O79 0 12 0

6 0 0

0 0 6

OlO

O46 0 8 0

0 6 0 O IO O

Glue,

SCHEDULE (A.) — Outwards,

BRITISH,

Glue, the cwt.

Hair, viz.

--Hart, the cwt. -

--Horse, the cwt. -

- Ox or Cow, the cwt.

- not particularly enumerated or described, and not prohibited to be exported, for every £. ioooof the Value -

Hart Hair. 1 o tj

Horse Hair. } See Ha, r'

Horses, Mares, or Geldings, each -

Kid Skins. See Skins.

Lamb Skins. See Sheep Skins, in Skins.

Lapis Calaminaris, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Lead, call or uncaft, the Fodder or Ton, Quantity 20 cwt.

--Ore, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Leather of all Sorts, tanned, tawed, or dressed, the cwt.

Litharge of Lead, the cwt.

Mares. See Horfo6.

Otter Skins. See Skins.

Ox Hair. See Hair.

Sheep Skins. See Skins.

Skins, viz.

- Badger Skins, the Skin -

--Calve Skins, tanned* tawed, or dressed, the cwt.

- Cat Skins, the 100 Skins -

--Coney Skins, dressed or tawed, the 120 Skins -

--Dog Skins, the Dozen Skins -

--Fox Skins, the Skin -

- Kid Skins, in the Hair, the 100 Skins -

dressed, the 100 Skins -

--Otter Skins, raw, the Skin

- tawed or dressed, the Skin -

- Sheep and Lamb Skins, tawed or dressed, without Wool, the 120 Skins

- tanned, the cwt.

--Squirrel Skins, the 1000 Skins -

Swan Skins, the Skin

Skins or Pieces of Skins, not particularly enumerated or described, and not prohibited to be exported, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Squirrel Skins. 7 c ci

Swan Skins, j See Sk, ns*

Tin unwrought, the cwt. -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reilii&ions under which Tin un wrought may be exported to Countries beyond the Cape of Good Hope, without Payment of this Duty, fee 30 Geo. 3. c. 4.

Tonnage Duty on Ships or Vessels entering outwards (except in Ballast), in any Port of Great Britain, for foreign Ports. See Table No. 3. at the End of this Schedule.

Wool Cards. See Cards.

In Addition to the Duties herein-before charged on certain Goods of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, exported from thence, the following Duties are to be paid, viz.

All Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain (except as herein after mentioned), exported to any Part of Europe, or to any Port or Place within the Streights of Gibraltar, for every £. 100 of the true and real Value thereof —

Except

- Bullion.

- Goods, Wares, or Merchandize exported from Great Britain to the Isle of

Man, by virtue and under the Authority of any Licence which the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland, or any three or more of them respectively, are or may be by Law authorized and empowered to grant.

Duty.

£. s. d.

O I o

0 2 0 O74 0 2 6

6 0 0

o 6

6 o 3 10

6

o

o

0 0 1

0 1 4

0 1 8

0 1 4

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 0 8

0 0 10

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 3 0

0 1 4

0 3 0

0 0 2

6 0 0

0 3 8

o 10 o

Cotton

A.IX 1803.

43° GEORGII HR

C. 68.

BRITISH.

Exception /{o Duty of ioj. per Centcontinued.

- Cotton Yarn, or other Cotton Manufactures, being of the Manufacture

of Great Britain.

- And refined Sugar or Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly refined;

and all refined Sugar called Bastard; and ground or powdered Sugar, and refined Loaf Sugar broke in Pieces; and all Sugar called Candy; and Mclafles.

All Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain (except as herein after mentioned), exported to any Port or Place whatever, not being in Europe, or within the Streights ofj Gibraltar, or within the Limits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for every-£. 100 of the true and real Value thereof —

Except

Bullion.

- Cotton Yarn or other Cotton Manufactures, being of the Manufacture of Great Britain.

- Any Sort of Craft, Food, Victuals, Clothing, or Implements or Materials fit and necessary for the British Fisheries established in the Island of Newfoundland, or in any of his Majesty's Colonies, Islands, or Plantations in North America, exported from Great Britain to the said Colonies, Islands, or Plantations.

- And refined Sugar, or Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly refined

and all refined Sugar called Bhftard; and ground or powdered Sugar, and refined Loaf Sugar broke in Pieces; and all Sugar called Candy; and Meiafies.

C OAST WISE.

Cinders made of Pit Coal brought coastwise from any Port or Place in Great Britain into any Port or Place in England or Waki^ the Chalder Winchester

Measure - j a 6 o

Coals (except Charcoal made of Wood) brought coastwise from any Port or Place! in Great Britain into the Port of London, viz.

--in case they are such as are most usually sold by Weight, the Ton,

Quantity 20 cwt. — — — 076

--in case they are such as are most usually sold by Measure, the Chalder

Winchester Measure - O94

--(except Charcoal made of Wood) brought coastwise from any Port or Place in Great Britain into any Port or Place in England or Wales (except into the Port of London), viz.

- in case they are such as are most usually sold by Weight, the Ton,

Quantity 20 cwt. - 040

- 1 — in case thdy are such as are most usually sold by Measure, the Chalder

Winchester Measure — — — 060

--sent coastwise from the Port of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to any other Port or Place

in Great Britain, the Chalder Newcastle Measure -

--brought coastwise into the Port of London for the Use of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, not exceeding ioo Chalders in any one Year, the Chalder Win-chejhr Measure - 06

For the Conditions, Regulations, and restrictions, under which the Duties on Coals brought coastwise, or from any Port or Place to any other Port or Place within Great Britain, may be secured by Bond, fee 27 Geo. 3. c. 32.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Conk may-be carried from Ellenfoot to Bank-end in the County of Cumber- land, or from any Creek or Place to any other Creek or Place between

Ellenfoot and Bank-end, without Payment of any Duty of Customs, fee b Geo. I. r. 14.

£.

040 o 5 10

038

056

[* See also 3

G. 3. c. bi.j

SCHEDULE (A.)--Coa stwi.se*

Duty,

Drawback.

Coals, continued.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which the Duties on Coals used for melting Copper and Tin Ores, within the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, shall be repaid, fee9 Ann. c. 6.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which the Duties on Coak, which shall be used in Fire Engines for the draining Water out of the Mines of Tin and Copper within the County of Cornwall, shall be repaid, fee 14 Geo. 2. c. 41.'

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Rdtri&ions, under wh: ch the Duties on Coals used in calcining or smelting Copper and Lead Ores within the Isle of Anglesey, or which shall be used in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mines of Copper and Lead within the said Isle, shall be repaid, fee 26 Geo. 3. c. 104., and the Act to which this Schedule is annexed 24.]*.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and restrictions, under which the Duties on Coals used for any Purpose relating to the carrying on the Works for tl\e manufactureing of Tin Plates, and for other Purposes, at Pennygored, in the County of Pembroke, called the Pennygored Works, shall be repaid; provided the Amount thereof shall not exceed*. 1000 in any one Year, fee 35 Geo. 3. c. 39.

Culm brought coastwise from any Port or Place in Great Britain into the Port of London, the Chalder Winchester Measure -

- to be used for the burning of Lime carried in any Vessel or Boat not exceeding 30 Tons Burthen, from any Place within the Limits of the Port of Milford in the County of Pembroke, to any other Place within the Counties of Pembroke, Carmarthen Cardigan, or Merioneth, the Chalder Winchester Measure -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Culm may be so carried, fee 33 Geo. 2. c. 15.

- brought Coastwise from any Port or Place in Great Britain into any other

Port or Place in England or Wales (except the Port of London, and except Culm carried from Milford as before mentioned), the Chalder Winchester Measure -

Cinders, Coals, and Culm, carried from any Part of the Lancaster Canal, or any of the Branches thereof, or from any Part or Place within the Hundred of Lonfdaley in the County of Lancaster, into the Ulverjlone Canal, across or along the Bay or Eiluary separating the two Canals, are not liable to any Duty of Customs.

- Coals, and Culm, shipped coastwise at any Port in Great Bntain9 and delivered in any Part beyond the Seas, before the Duties due on the Exportation thereof shall have been paid; the Master of the Vessel shall not be permitted again to enter or clear out at any Port in Great Britain until he shall have paid, not only the Duties due on the Exportation of such Cinders, Coals, and Culm, but, in Addition thereto, for every Chalder thereof so entered coastwise, Winchester Measure —

For the Conditions, Regulations, and restrictions, under which the said Duty of three Shillings die Chalder shall be repaid, fee 25 Geo. 3. '54-

For the Conditions, Regulations, and restrictions, under which Coals and Culm may be carried on the Monmouthshire Canal, and afterwards carried or conveyed from any Port or Place to the eastward of the I (lands called the Holmes, to any other Port or Place in or upon the River Seveni, also to the eastward of the said Islands, without passing to the west ward thereof, without Payment of Duty, fee 37 Geo. 3. a 100.; and for the Conditions, Regulations, and restrictions, under which Coals and Culm may be carried or conveyed on the Monmouthshire Canal, or on any of the Railways or Tram Roads connected therewith, and afterwards to the Port of Bridgewater only, by a Passage to the west ward of the Islands called the Holmes, notwit h (landing the restrictions before mentioned, without Payment of Duty, fee 42 Geo. 3. c. cxv. of the Publick Local and Personal Acts.

Slate, of the Production of Great Britain, brought coastwise from any Port or Place within Great Britain to any other Port or Place therein (except as herein after mentioned), for every £100. oi the Value —

5

d.

0 1 5

012

22 o o

Slate,

Slate, continued.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reflri&ions, under which any such Slate, brought into any Port of Great Britain for the sole Purpose of being exported from thence to Parts beyond the Seas, or any Slate the Value of which (as it is on Ship Board at the Port or Plate where it is intended to be landed) shall not exceed twenty Shillings the Ton, may be entered without Payment of Duty, fee 34 Geo. 3. c-SU

Stone, of the Production of Great Britain, brought coastwise from any Port or Place within Great Britain, toiany other Port or Place therein (except as herein after mentioned), for every ^.100 of the Value -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which any Marble, Lime Stone, or Iron Stone whatever; any Stone cut or ma-nufaCfcurod into Millstones, Grindstones, or Whetstones, or either of them; -any Stone manufactured or converted into Ports and Caps for.Comftacks or Mowsteads, Troughs, Gatepofts, or other Articles used for the Purposes of Husbandry; any Growanrtone, or Stone commonly called or known by the Name of Growanrtone, or Stone commonly called or known by the Name of Chinaftone, or any other Stone to be used in the Manufacture of Porcelaine or of Pottery; or any Stones whatever cut or manufactured into Burrstones; and any Stones used for the Purpose of Paving, or for the Purpose of making or mending Roads, may be entered without Payment of Duty, fee 34 Geo. 3. c. 51. and 39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 51.

' TABLE, N° III. '

TONNAGE DUTY.

On Ships and Vessels entering inwards or outwards (except in Ballad) in any Port of Great Britain from or to Foreign Parts.

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in Ballast) from or to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sari, Alderney, or Alan, the Greenland Seas, or the Southern Whale Fishery -

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering inwards or _ outwards (except in Ballast) from or to any Port or Place within the

Streights of Gibraltar -

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in Ballast) from or to any Port or Place in Russia, or within the Baltic Sea -

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in Ballast) from or to any other Port or Place in Eurpe -

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in Ballast) from or to any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies —

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in Ballast) from or to the Cape of Good Hope — For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in Ballast) from or to any Port or Place in Africa, not otherwise enumerated or described -

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in Ballast) from or to the I Hand of Newfoundland, the Islands of Cape Breton or St. John, or the Coast of Labrador — For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in Ballast) from or to any Port or Place in the United States of America, any British Island, Colony, or Plantation in America, or any other Part of America, not otherwise enumerated or described -

£. s. d.

22 O O

[Sftf Exceptions,

die Ad. — To be puid every

y*!tt: S'rt5.

0 0 6

2 6

o o

C. 6S

§ 26, 27.

Oj ths An.]

43° GEORGII III. A.D. 18803.

- TABLE B.

A TABLE of the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into Great Britain, -of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or described, being of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the United States of America, and imported direCHy from thence; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain:

Like wife, of the Amount of the additional Duties of Customs payable on the Importation of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, when imported in American Ships

And also, the additional Duties of Customs on such Ships, according to the Tonnage thereof.

Arrow Root, the lb.

Allies, viz.

- Pearl or Pot Ashes, the cwt.

Beaver Skins. See Skins.

Blubber. See Train Oil, in Oil.

Calve Skins. See Skins.

Colophonia. See Roiin.

Corn, viz.

- Wheat, Wheat.meal, or Flour, Rye, Barley, Beer or Bjgg,

Oats, Oatmeal, Pease, Beans, Indian Corn, or Maize, viz.

- Wheat, if the District Price at the Port of Importation is

under 5oj. per Quarter — high Duty — the Quarter —

- at or above 50l. but under 541. per Quarter — first loyv

Duty — the Quarter -

- at or above 54l. per Quarter- — second low Duty — the

Quarter -

- Rye, Pease, Beans, if the Dillrift Price at the Port of Impor-

tation is

- under 34s. per Quarter — high Duty — the Quarter — -- at or above 34*-. but under 37l. per Quarter — first low

Duty — the Quarter -

--at or above 37s. per Quarter — second low Duty — the

Quarter -

- Barley, Beer, or Bigg, if the Dillricl Price at the Port of Im-

portation is

- under 25J. per Quarter — high Duty — the Quarter —

- at or above 25^. but under 27J. per Quarter — first low

Duty — the Qjiarter -

- at gr above 27X. per Quarter — second low Duty — the

Quarter — — ' —

- Oats, if the District Price at the Port of Importation is

- under 17s. per Quarter lugh Duty — the Qjiarter —

- at or abgve 17J. but under i8j. per Quarter — first low

Duty — the Qjiarter -

--at or above i8x. per Qjiarter — second low Duty — the

Qjiarter -

- Wheat-meal or Flour, if the District Price of Wheat at the Port

of Importation is ----- under 50s. per Quarter- — high Duty — the cwt. —

at or above 50l. but under 54J. per Qjiarter — first low

Duty — the cwt. -

- at or above 540 per Quarter — second low Duty —

the cu t.

- Indian Corn or Maize, if the District Price of Barley at the

Port of Importation is ----- under 2 pr. per Quarter — high Duty — the Quarter —

- at or above 25.0 but under 27j. per Quarter — first low

Duly — ti*t Quarter -

- at or above 27s. per Quarter — second low Duty — the

Quarter -

OIO

4 3

026

006

1 2 o

o 1 6

0 O s'|

1 t o

O 1 3j

003;

Additional

Duty, it im- -p.,

paned in an Drawback. American Bhip' jo: Veil'd. I

£' s- d*'£ d.

O D IO the 100 lbs.

004

067

OIO O O 2

0 6 6 o i 6

o 1 o

120 O I 3 003'

025

003

050

the 100 Qis.

0 2 2

0 0 2

0 2 6 the 100 Qrs,

0 2 2

0 12 6 the 100 Qrs.

0 2 6

the 100 Qis.

0 0 8 OOI

0 i 8

the ico Qj-s.

0 0 8 0 0 2

001

0 2 2

0 12 6

the 100 Qr.?.

f o 2 6

1 1 the

100 Qrs.

Corn,

TABLE (B.)

Com, continued.

- Oatmeal, if the District Price at the Port of Importation is

- under 16l. per Boll of i4olbs. Avoirdupois, or I281bs.

Scotch Troy — high Duty — the Boll -

- at or above i6j. but under 17l. per Boll — first low Duty — the Boll -

- at or above tjs. per Boll — secondlow Duty — the Boll For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reflric-tions, under which such Com may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, fee 3T Geo. 3. c. 30. and 33 Geo. 3. c. 65. When taken out to be used or consumed in Great Britain, such Duties shall first be paid as shall at the Time of taking out, be due and payable for the like Sort of Corn, Meal, or Flour imported into the same Port from any foreign Country; and also, in Addition to such Duties, the several and respective Duties herein specified under the Name of the first low Duties.

His Majesty in 'Council may, when the general Average Price of any Sprt of Corn or Oatmeal in England or Scotland respectively, shall appear to be at or above the Prices at which foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour of the same Sort, is allowed by Law to be imported at the first low Duty herein specified, permit generally the Importation into England or Scotland respectively, or the taking out of Warehouse for Home C011-fumption, of any such Sort of foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour, on Payment of the second low Duty only, as herein specified, and no other j and such Permission shall continue in Force for the Space of three Months at least from the Date of the Order in Council made for that Purpose. See 33 Geo. 3. c. 65.

His Majesty in Council is authorized, whatever may be the general Price of any Sort, of Corn or I Grain, or of Oatmeal in England or Scotland] respectively, from Time to Time, when and as often as the same shall be judged expedient, to permit generally the Importation into Great Britain of any foreign Wheat, Rye, Barley, Beer, or Bigg, Pease, Beans, Oats, or any Meal or Flour, or Bread, Biscuit, or Malt made thereof, or any Indian Corn or Maize, or Meal, or Flour madcj thereof, in any Brdish Vessel, or in any other! Vessel belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or I State in Amity with his Majesty, navigated in 1 any Manner whatever; and also the taking out* of Warehouse for Home Consumption, of any J such foreign ct>ru or other Article as aforesaidj without Payment of any Duty. His Majesty is) likewise authorized, in like Manner, to recall such Permission, either in Part, ov in the Whole, if Circumstance8 shall appear so to require. See 39 Geo. 3. c. 87. continued by several Acts, and by 43 Geo. 3. c. 12. further continued to the ill January 1804.

Note. — All foreign Corn, when delivered out of any Ship or Vessel in the Port of London, is sub-jc& also to a Duty of Two-pence per Last orcn Quarters, to be paid to the Inspector of Corn( Returns.

43 Geo. III. 5

Duty. Additional Duty, if imported in an Ametican Ship or Vessel.

£. s. d. £ J-

0 8 0 OO9

O I O OO I

0 0 6 f 050

1 the too Bolls.

Drawback.

d.

Colton

TABLE (B.)

Cotton Wool, the icolbs. -

Fish-Oil, See Oil.

Gum, viz. Cashew Gum, the cwt. -

Head-Matter. See Oil.

Hemp, rough or undressed, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt. —

Hides, viz.

- Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in

any Way drtffed, the Hide -

- Horle, Marc, or Gelding in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in

any Way dressed, the Hide -

Hides or Pieces of Hides, raw or undressed, not particularly enumerated or described, for every £.100 of the Value —

Indigo, the 100 lbs. -

Iron, viz.

- in Bars, or unwrought, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt. —

- Pig Iron, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt.

Maftsf vTrds, or Bowsprits. } See Wood-Oil, viz.

- Spermaceti Oil, or Head-matter, the Too, Quantity 252 Gallons

- Train Oil or Blubber, or Fish Oil, ditto —

Pitch, the Last, Quantity 12 Barrels, each Barrel Quantity 31^ Gallons -

Provisions.

Note. — His Majesty is authorized to permit, by his Order in Council, the Importation into Great Britain from any Port or Place in any British Ship or Vessel, or in any other Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, of any Beans called Kidney or French Beans, Tares, Eentiles, Calavanfcs, and all other Sorts of Pulse; and also Bulls, Cows, Oxen, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, and Swine, Beef, Pork, Mutton, Veal, and Lamb, whether salted or otherwise, Bacon, Hams, Tongues, Butter, Cheese, Potatoes, Rice, Sago, Sago Powder, Tapioca, Vermicelli, Millet Seed, Poultry, Fowls, Eggs, Game, and Sour Crout, Duty free, provided due Entry be made. His Majesty is likewise authorized in like Manner to recall such Permission, either in Part or in the Whole, if Circumstances shall seem so to require. See 39 Geo. 3. c. 87. continued by subsequent Acts, and by 43 Geo. 3. c. 12. further continued until the lit January 1804.

Rice, the cwt.

- imported into any of the Potts of Great Britain, and secured in

Warehouses, the cwt. -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which such Rice may be To warehoused, and the remaining Duties thereon secured by Bond of the Importer, fee 37 Geo. 3. c. 97.

- when taken out of such Warehouses, to be used in Great Britain, the cwt. -

- imported into the Ports of London, Bristol, Portsmouth, Cowes,

Liverpool\ Lancaster, Falmouth, Poole, Whitehaven, Hull,

Greenock, and Port Glasgow, or either of them, may be entered and landed, and secured in Warehouses, without Payment of any Duty.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which such Rice may be so warehoused, fee 37 Geo. 3. c. 97.

- when taken out of such Warehouses, to be used in Great Britain, the cwt. -

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Rofm, or Calaphonia, the cwt. -

£ ' o 8

o 4 o 5

d.

4

2

o

22 1 21 o

Additional Duty, if imported in an Amei ican Ship or Vessel.

O T5 9

o o

£. 1. d.

o o 10

005

006

007

the Dozen.

OO7 the Dozen.

072 O I 3

O79 0 2 0

2 4 I

2 2 0

O I 7

Drawback,

094

the Ton.

0 4

o 2

094

the Ton.

094

the Ton.

0 0 2

£. s. d.

14 14 o 14 o o

o 10 o

4 o

Set

TABLE (B.)

Seed, viz.

- Hemp Seed, the Quarter, Quantity 8 'Bushels —

- Rape Seed, the Last^ Quantity 10 Quarters, each Quarter being

8 Bushels -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Rape Seed may be imported, upon Payment of this Duty, and under which such Seed may be secured in Warehouses without Payment f any Duty, fee. this Article in Schedule A.

Ships. See Tonnage.

Skins, viz.

Beaver Skins undressed, the Skin -

- Calve Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any Way dressed, the Dozen Skins -

Snuff, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Snuff may be secured in Warehousts without Payment of Duty until delivered out of such Warehouses for Home Trade or Consumption in Great Britain, fee 37 Geo. 3. c. 97.

Snuff is also subject to a Duty of Excise.

Spermaceti, fine, the lb. -

- Oil. See Oil.

Staves. See Wood.

Tar, the Last, Quantity 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31} Gallons -

Tobacco, the lb. -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reffri&ions under which Tobacco may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, until delivered out of such Warehouses for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture in Great Britain, fee 37 Geo. 3. c. 97.

- having been delivered out of the Warehouse for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture, and afterwards manufactured according to Law into Short-cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco, and exported, the lb. -

Tobacco is subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Tonnage Duty, viz.

On Ships or Vessels entering inwards or outwards (except in Ballad) in any Port of Great Britain, from or to Foreign Parts. See Table No. 3. at the End of Schedule A.

Additional Tonnage Duty on Ships and Vesselr. belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, coming or arriving within the Limits of any Port of Great Britain, for every Ton Burthen -

Turpentine common, the cwt.

Whale-fins, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt. —

Wood, viz.

- Anchor Stocks, the Piece -

- Balks of all Sorts, under SLInches Square, the 120

- Battens and Batten Ends of all Sorts, the 120

- Beech Plank of all Sorts, the 120 —

- Beech Quarters of all Sorts, under 8 Inches square, the 120

- Boards, viz.

- Clap Boards not exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length,

and under 8 Inches Square, the 120 — j

- Pipe Boards of all Sorts, exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches!

in Length, and under 8 Indus Square, the 120 1

- of all Sorts not otherwise enumerated or described,

the 120 — — — '

- 2 J

003

o

o

1 2

i o

o o 10

12 O

o 6

Additional Duty, if imported in an American Ship or Vessel.

042

the 100 Qrs.

003

026

the 100 Skins. O O I OIOO the 100 lbs.

OOl

<2 I 2

O I 6

the 100 lbs.-

0 2 0

0 2 6 0 0 3

20 0 0 12 0 0

O 0 6 0 0 6

O 10 0 0 10 0

0 5 0 0 10 0

O 5 0 0 10 0

O 10 o* 0 10 0

O 7 6 0 3 9

0 12 0 0 8 5

0 5 0 0 10 0

Drawback.

006

073

006

016

90 o o

Wood,

TABLE (B).

Additional Duty, if imported in an American Ship or Vessel.

All

o

o

2

Wood, continued.

- Bowsprits*, See Mast*.

- Box-wood the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt. —

- Deals and Deal Ends of all Sorts, the 120

- Ebony, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt. —

- Fire wood, the Fathom, 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high

- Fir-quarters of all Sorts under 8 Inches Square, the 120

- Hapdfpikes, under 7 Feet in Length, the 120

- 7 Feet in Length or upwards, the 120

Knees of Oak of all Sorts, under 8 Inches Square, the 120

- 1 8 Inches Square, or upwards, the

Load, Quantity 50 Cubic Feet

- Lath-wood in Pieces of all Sorts, the Fathom, 6 Feet wide and

6 Feet high -

- Lignum Vitae, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt. —

- Manogany, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt. —

- Midis, Yards, or Bowsprits, viz.

- 6 Inches in Diameter, and under 8 Inches, the

Piece -

- 8 Inches in Diameter, and under 12 Inches,

the Piece ——

- 12 Inches in Diameter, or upwards, the Load,

Quantity 50 Cubic Feet —

- Oak Plank of all Sorts, the 120 —

- Oars, the 120 -

- Olive Wood, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt. —

- Round Wood in Pieces of all Sorts under 8 Inches Square,

the 120 -

- Spars of all Sorts, under 6 Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the

Bark, the 120 -

- Speckled Wood, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt.

- >--Spokes for Wheels of all Sorts, the 1000 —

- Staves of all Sorts, not exceeding 50 Inches in Length,

the 120 —

- exceeding 50 Inches in Length, the 120

- Sweet Wood, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt. —

- Timber, viz.

- Oak Timber, 8 Inches Square or upwards, the Load,

Quantity 50 Cubic Feet —

- of all Sorts, being 8 Inches Square or upwards, not

particularly enumerated or described or otherwise charged with Duty, the Load, Quantity 50 Cubic Feet -

- Users of all Sorts under 8 Inches Square, the 120

- Wainscot Logs, being 8 Inches Square or upwards, the Load,

Quantity 50 Cubic Feet —

- Yards. See Mails.

- unmanufadhired, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £-100 of the Value -

other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not being particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty in this Table, not prohibited to be 'imported into or used in Great Britain, being of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the United States of America^ and imported directly from thence according, to Law, shall and may be entered and landed on Payment of such Duties of Customs (and also of Excise in Cales where Duties of Excise are due and payable thereon) and no higher, as are payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the like Denomination or Description upon their Importation into Great Britain in Briti/h-built Ships

d.

O

5

12

0 10

1 2. 5

° 3 4

050

18

5

12

7

10

10

3

0

1

10

3 4

1

10

3 4

3120

o

0

1

o

o

o

o

o

d.

9

o

4

7

o

5

10

4

Drawback.

1 10

o

o

o

o o

I

4

9

xo

o 4

3

10

6

1

23

10

6

2

5

2

10

o o

1 10 o

o o 6 f o

from

' Additional

TABLE (B.) Duty. Duly, if imported in an American Ship or V eflcL Drawback.

from any other Foreign Country; and in Cases where different Duties are imposed upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the like Denomination and Description imported from different Foreign Countries, then, upon Payment of the lowest Duties which by Law are required to be paid on the Importation in British-built Ships of any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from any Foreign Country, according to the Schedule and Tables referred to in the Act to which this Table is annexed. All Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being of the Growth, Production, or Mamifadure of any of the Territories of the United States of America, and imported directly from thence in American Ships or Vessels, and not being particularly charged with an additional Duty when so imported, for every £. too of the Produce and Amount of the several Duties of Customs due and payable by Law on the Importation into Great Britain of the like Goods or Merchandize from any of the said United States in British-bxxWt Ships or Vessels.

Note. — If any Goods or Merchandize, so imported from the United States of America, shall be permitted, by virtue of 1 any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force at the Time of such Importation, to be fecnred in Warehouses without Payment of the Duties due on the Importation thereof, then knd in such Case the additional Duties of Customs shall not be payable, unless and until such Goods shall be v taken out of such Warehouses, for the Purpose of being

used or consumed in Great Britain

d.

10 o o

£. d.

TABLE (C.)

A TABLE of the Duties of Customs payable on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated or described, imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and secured in Warehouses:

Also, of the Duties of Customs on such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, when taken out of such Warehouses, to be used or consumed in Great Britain; together with the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation of certain of those Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from Great Britain.

[&<? §18 — tj. of this Act. See also c. 128. of this Session, ^4*1

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

Duty.

Drawback.

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so imported, to be secured in Warehouses, under the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions directed and required by 39 Geo. 3. c. 59. viz.

- Muslins plain, Nanquin Cloths, Muslins or white Calicoes flowered or

stitched, for every £, 100 of the Value -

- Plain white Calicoes, plain white Dimity, and all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, for every £. 100 of the Value -

- Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, for every £. 100 of the Value -

- Sugar, for every £. 100 of the Value -

- All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize (except Bullion, Cotton Wool,

Saltpetre, and Tea), for every £. 100 of the Valfle -

Which several Values shall be ascertained according to the Gross Price at which such Goods respectively shall have been sold at the publick Sales of the said Company, without any Deduction or Abatement whatever.

7 10 o

2 10 o 2100

1 o o

2 0 0

£ tm

Goods, continued.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which the said Duties may be secured by Bond, fee 39 Geo. 3. c. 59.

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so imported and warehoused (not being prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain), may be delivered from such Ware-houses for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain, on Payment of the following Duties of Customs, exclusive of the Duties before mentioned, paid or secured by the said Company, on warehousing any of the said Goods; and also on Payment of inch Excise or other Duties a3 shall be due or payable thereon at the Time of such Delivery, viz.

Almonds, viz.

- Bitter, the cwt. -

- of any other Sort, the cwt.

Aloes, viz.

- Socotorina, the lb. -

- of any other Sort, the lb* -

Alum, the cwt. -

--Roch Alum, the cwt. -

Amber, viz.

- Beads. See Beads.

- Rough, the lb. -

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £. 100 of the Value

Ambergris, the oz. Troy -

Ammoniacum Gum. See Gum Ammoniacus.

- Sal. See Sal Ammoniacus*

Animi Gum. See Gum.

Aniseed. See Seed.

Annotto, the cwt. -

Aqua-forth, the cwt.

Arabic Gum. See Gum.

Arangoe Beads. See Beads.

Arangofcs, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Arrack. See Spirits.

Arsenic, the cwt. -

Afa-fxtida, the lb. -

Auripigmentum. See Orpiment.

Baifam, viz.

Artificial, the lb. -

- Natural, the lb. -

Bamboo Canes. See Canes.

Barilla, the cwt. -

Bark, viz.

- Jesuit's Bark, or Cortex Peruvianus, the lb.

--not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £. 100 of the Value

Bdellium, the lb. -

Beads, viz.

..Amber Beads, the lb. -

[ See §4T. nf -- Arangoe Beads*, for every £. roo of the Value -

this Att,] --- Coral Beads, the "lb. -

- Crystal Beads, the 1000 -

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £, ico of the Value —

Bees Wax. See Wax.

Benjamin, the lb.

Bezoar Stones, the oz. Troy -

Books, viz.

bound, the cwt. -

- unbound, the cwt. -

Borax, viz.

- refined, the lb.

- unrefined or Tincal, the lb. -

Bottles of green or common Glass, full or empty, not of less Content than one Pint, and not being Phials, the dozen Quarts -

Brandy. See Spirits.

Bullion, and Foreign Coin of Gold or Silver. Duty free.

1

£' ' d.

0 17 8

2 18 0

O I 4

O O 8

O IO 6

O 4 6

O O 9

50 0 0

O 2 6

1 3 4

0 8 4

52 10 0

0 7 6

0 0 4

0 2 0

0 1 9

0 7 8

0 1 0

35 0 0

0 0 4

0 6 0

52 10 0

095

0 16 10

50 0 0

0 0 8

0 1 0

4 0 0

3 0 0

0 0 8

0 0 4

0 5 0

Cajaputai

TABLE (C.)

Cajaputa, Oil of See Oil.

Cake-lac. See Lac, in Gum.

Calaminaris Lapis. See Lapis.

Callicoes, viz.

- Plain white Calicoes, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of such of the said Goods which shall have been printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, for every £. 100 of the Value -

- White, flowered or ilitched. See Muslins.

Calve Skins. See Skins.

Cambogium. See Gamboge.

Camel Hair. See Hair.

Camphire, viz.

refined, the lb. -

unrefined, the lb. -

Candles of Wax, the lb.

Canes, viz.

Bamboo, the ioco -

- Rattans (not Ground Rattans), the 1000 -

- Reed Canes, the 1000 -

- Walking Canes or Sticks, mounted, painted, inlaid, or otherwise ornamented

or manufactured, for every £ 100 of the Value -

- Wanghees, Jumboo, Ground Rattans, Dragon's Blood, and other Walking

Canes or Sticks, the 1000 -

Cantharides, the lb.

Caps of Cotton, for every 100 of the Value -

Cardamoms, the lb. -

Carmenia Wool. See Goat Hair, in Hair.

Carmine, the oz. Troy -

Carpets, viz.

- of Persia, the Yard Square -

- of Turkey, containing Yards Square or upwards, the Carpet —

- containing less than Yards Square, the Carpet —

Cashew Gum. See Gum.

Cassia, viz.

- Buds, the lb.

- Fiftula, the lb.

- Lignca, the lb.

- Oil of.)o

Castor Oil of > ce 1

Cayenne Pepper. See Pepper.

Chemical Oil. See Oil.

China-root, the lb. -

China Ware, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Cinnabar. See Vermilion.

Cinnabaris Nativa, the lb. -

Cinnamon, the lb. -

- Oil of See OiL

Cloves, the lb. -

- Oil of See Oil.

Cochineal, the lb. -

Cocoa Nuts, the lb. -

Subject also to an Inland Duty of Excise.

Coculus Indus, the lb. -

Coffee, the lb. -

Subject also to an Inland Duty of Excise.

Coin, Foreign, of Gold or Silver. See Bullion.

Coloquintida, the lb. -

Colours for Painters. See Painters' Colours.

Columbo Root, the lb. -

Contrayervae Lapis. See Lapis.

- Radix. See Radix.

Copal Gum. See Gum.

Duty.

Drawback.

£. s. d.

50 o o

O' O 11

0 O 7

0 I 6

I I 0

I I 0

0 16 4

'50 0 0

2 8 9

O 1 10

5* 0 0

O 1 0

O 1 6

I 10 0

2 lS 0

O H 1

O 0 6

O 0 4

O 1 2

O 0 7

80 0 0

O 1 0

0 1 6

O 3 3

O 0 4

O 0 2

O 1 0

O 0 5

O 0 9

O 0 8

d.

50 0 0

Copper,

TABLE (C.)

Duty.

[* 43 G. 3.

e. iz8. §4.]

[f See §41. of

Copper, viz.4*

- Ore, the cwt.

- Unwrought, viz.

- Copper Bricks, Rose Copper, and all Cad Copper, the cwt.

- Copper in Plates, and Copper Coin, the cwt.

- Part wrought, viz. Bars, Rods, or Ingots, hammered or raised, the cwt.

- Manufactures of Copper, Copper enamelled, and Copper Plates engraved,

for every £, 100 of the Value -

Coral, viz.

- Beads. See Beads.

- in Fragments, the lb.

- Whole, polished, the lb. -

- unpoliihcd, the lb. — — 1 —

Cordivant Skins. See Skins.

Coriander Seed. See Seed.

Cortex Peruvianus. See Jesuits Bark, in Bark.

Coitus, the lb. -

Cotton*, viz.

- Manufactures of, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £. 100

s. d.

0 6

1 o

9 4

18 8

50 o o

o 6 6 10 3 4

o 6

Drawback.

of the Value Thread. See Thread. Wool. See Wool. Yarn. See Yarn.

—; 52 O O

Cowriesf, for every £. 100 of the Value — — — 52 10 o

Chryflal Beads. See Beads.

Cubebs, the lb. - 003

Cummin Seed. See Seed.

Diagrydium. See Scammony.

Diamonds, Duty free.

Dimity, viz.

- plain White Dimity, for every £. 100 of the Value v — — / 50 o o

Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of such of the said Good' which shall have been printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain. for every £. 1 co of the Value -

Dog Skins. See Skins.

Drawings, coloured, each -

plain, each -

Drugs on which specific Duties are payable, according to the Quantity. Set the several Articles in Alphabetical Course.

- manufactured, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every *.100 of the Value

- unmanufactured, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every j£ioo. of the Value Earthen Ware. See China.

Ebony. See Wood.

Elemi Gum. See Gum.

Elephant's Teeth, the cwt.

Elk Skins. See Skins.

Emeralds, Rubies, and all other precious Stones and Jewels (except Diamonds), for evei7 £tlco of the Value Feathers, viz.

- Ostrich Feathers, dressed, the lb.

undressed, the lb,

of any other Sort, for every 100 of the Value

Flax, rough or undressed, the cwt.

Forest Seed. See Garden Seed, in Seed. Galanga, the lb.

Galbanum, the lb.

Galls, the cwt.

Gamboge, the fb. —

Garden Seed. See Seed.

Garnets, viz.

- cut, the lb.

rough, the lb. —

5°

35

1 8 o 10

o o o o

I

o

35

o

o

o

o

o

o o

11 8 8 6 o o o 3

o 3 o 7 5 o o 8

16 10

5 8

£. x. d.

50 o o

Gan

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 68.

Gem Sal. See Sal.

Geneva. See Spirits.

Ginger, the cwt.

- preserved, the lb. -

Ginseng, the lb. -

Glass, viz.

- Bottles. See Bottles.

- broken, fit only to be re-manufactured, the cwt. —

- Manufactures of, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every /\*00 of'

the Value -

- Paintings on Glass, for every *.ioooof the Value -

Glass is subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Goat Hair. See Hair.

Gold Coin, Foreign. See Bullion.

--Plate. See Plate.

Gum, viz.

- Ammoniac us, the lb.

- Animi, the lb.

--Arabic, the cwt.

- Castlew, the cwt.

- Copal, the lb.

--Elemi, the lb. -

- Lac, viz.

--Cake-lac, the lb.

--Shellao or Seed-lac, the lb. -

--Stick-lac, the cwt. -

--Opopanax, the lb.

--Sagapenum, the lb.

--Sandrake or Juniper, the cwt. -

- Sarcocolla, the lb.

- Senega, the cwt. —

- Tragacanth, the lb.

--not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £.100 of the Value —

Hair, viz.

--Camel, the lb.

--Goat or Carmenia Wool, the lb. -

--Human, the lb.

Handkerchiefs of Silk, printed, Rained, painted, or dyed, for every £.100 of the

See the Act to which this Table is annexed [§ 36, 37.].

Hemp, rough or undressed, or any other vegetable Subfhmce, of the Nature and Quality of undressed Hemp, and applicable to the same Purposes, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt. -

Hides, viz.

- Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox, in the Hair, and not tanned, tawed, or in any

Way dressed, the Hide -

- Horse, Mare, or Gelding, in the Hair, and not tanned, tawed, or in any Way dreffdd, the Hide -

- or Pieces of Hides, raw or undressed, not particularly enumerated or described,

or otherwise charged with Duty as such, for every ^.100 of the Value -

- tanned, tawed, or in any Way dressed, not particularly

enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty as such, for every £.100 of the Value —

Horns, viz.

- Buffalo, Cow, or Ox, the 100 -

- manufactured, for every; £.ioo of the Value -

- unmanufactured, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £.100 of the Value -

Horses, Mares, or Geldings, each -

Human Hair. See Hair.

Huffe Skins. See Skins.

Japanned Ware, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Jesuits Bark. See Bark.

43 Geo. III. 5 P

£ d.

£ /# d.

70

50

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

35

o

o

o

14 o

o 9

O IQ

O O

o o

o 6 0 4 4*4

O K>

° 4

o

o

4

2 o

0 I

10 6

4 A

o 6 o o

O II O 2

2 6

o

5°

to

3

25 o o

050

006

006

30 o o

90 o o

3 4

o o

o o o* o

50 o o

Jewel*

Jewel*. See Emerald*.

Indigo, the ioolbs. -

This Duty on Indigo is payable when taken out of the Warehouse either for Exportation or to be used in Great Britain.

Iris-root. See Omce.

Juniper Gum. See Gum Sandrake.

Knuba of Silk. See Silk.

Lac. See Gum*

Lacquered Ware, for every £.100 of the Value -

Lamb's Wool. See Wool.

Lapis, viz.

- Calaminari8, the cwt. -

- Contrayervse, the oz. Troy -

- Lazuli, the lb. -

Tutise, the lb.

Lazuli Lapis. See Lapis.

Lead, viz.

--White Lead, the cwt.

Leopard Skins. See Skins.

Linleed, Oil of See OiL Long Pepper. See Pepper.

Mace, the lb.

- Oil of See Oil.

Madder Root, the cwt. -

Manna, the lb.

Maps, the Piece -

Martin Skins. See Skins.

Maflich, viz.

- Red, the lb. -

of any other Sort, the lb. -

Melasses, the cwt.

Mother of Pearl Shells, rough, the lb. -

Mulk, the oz. Troy -

Muslins plain, Nanquin Cloths, Muslins or white Callicoe3, flowered or stitched, for every *.100 of the Value -

Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of £uch of the said Goods which shall have been printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, for every ^.100 of the Value -

Myrobalanes, viz.

- candied, the lb. -

dry, the cwt. -

Myrrh, the lb.

Nanquin Cloths. See Muslins.

Nutmegs, the lb. —

- Oil of See Oil.

Nux Vomica, the lb.

Oil, viz.

- of Cajoputa> the oz. Troy

- of Cassia, the oz. Troy

--of Castor, the lb.

--Chemical Oil not otherwise enumerated or described, for every ^.ico of the

Value -

--of Cinnamon, the oz. Troy -

7 — of Cloves, the oz. Troy -

- of Linseed, the Tun, Quantity 252 Gallons -

--of Mace, the oz. Troy -

--of Nutmegs, the oz. Troy -

--of Turpentine, the lb. -

not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £. ico of the Value

Oker, the cwt/

Olibanuni, the cwt. —

Opium, the lb. —

Opopanax Gum. See Gum. Orange Flower Water, the Gallon

£. s. d.

O 10 5

50 0 0

0 4 8

0 1 0

0 0 8

0 0 4

0 6 2

0 5 7

0 2 8

0 0 8

0 0 8

0 0 4

0 0 8

0 4 6

0 0 5

0 2 6

20 0 0

O 0 3

O 5 0

O 0 8

O 3 4

O 0 6

O 1 6

O 1 6

O 0 6

50 0 0

O 2 6

O 0 8 j

28 11 6

O 1 0

O 1 0

O 0 3

50 0 0

0 4 0

I 5 4

O 5 0

O X 6

£ d.

20 O O

Ore,

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII nr.

C. 68.

Ore, viz.

--of Copper. See Copper.

- of Gold or Silver. See Bullion.

Orpiment or Auripigmentum, the cwt. -

Orris or Iris Root, the cwt. -

Oft rich Feathers. See Feathers.

Painter's Colours, not otherwise enumerated or described, the lb. —

Paintings on Glass. See Glass.

Paper, viz. J

--Brown Paper, made of old Rope or Cordage only, without Separating or extracting the Pitch or Tar therefrom, and without any Mixture of other Materials therewith, the lb.

- Printed, Painted, or Stained Paper, or Paper Hangings, the Yard Square —

- of any other Sort, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, the lb. -

Pearls, for every *.100 of the Value -

Pepper, the lb.

- Cayenne Pepper, the lb. -

- Long Pepper, the lb. -

Pickles of all Sorts, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Gallon Pictures, viz.

- under two Feet Square, the Picture -

- of two Feet Square, and under four Feet Square, the Picture -

- of four Feet Square or upwards, the Picture -

Plate, viz

- battered, fit only to be re-manufactured. See Bullion.

--of Gold, the oz. Troy -

- of Silver, gilt, the oz. Troy -

- Part-gilt, the oz. Troy -

- ungilt, the oz. Troy -

Precious Stones. See Emeralds.

Prints, viz.

- Paper Prints, plain, the Piece -

- coloured, for ever}' £. 100 of the Value —

Provisions.

Note. His Majesty is authorized to permit by his Order in Council, the Importation into Great Britain, from any Port or Place, in any British Ship or Vessel, or in any other Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, of any Beans, called Kidney or French Beans, Tares, Lentiles, Calavances, and all other Sorts of Pulse; and also Bulls, Cows, Oxen, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, and Swine 5 Beef, Pork, Mutton, Veal, and Lamb, whether salted or otherwise$ Bacon, Hams, Tongues, Butter, Cheese, Potatoes, Rice, Sago, Sago Powder, Tapioca, Vermicelli, Millet Seed, Poultry, Fowls, EggSj Game, and Sour Crout, Duty free, provided due Entry be made. His Majesty is likewise authorized, in like Manner, to recall such Permis-fion, either in Part or in the Whole, if Circumstances shall seem so to require. See 39 Geo. 3. c. 87. continued by subsequent ACU, and by 43 Geo. 3. c. 12. further continued until the 1st January 1804. Quicksilver, the lb. -

Radix Contrayervae, the lb. -

Rattans. See Canes.

Red Wood. See Wood.

Reed Canes. See Canes.

Rhubarb, the lb.

Rice, the cwt.

Sec the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Roch Alum. See Alum.

Rose Wood. See Wood.

Rubies. See Emeralds.

£- /. d. £' dm

0 17 0 '

0 17 0

0 0 —

o

o

o

5 o o o o

2

6

2

o

o

o

o

50

2 O

4 o 6 o

7 3

3 I 3 6

2 6

o 10

o o

Rum. See Spirits.

Safflower, the cwt. —

Saffron, the lb, —

Sagapenum Gum. See Gum. 5?2

o

o

o

o

X o

o 9

I o

4

5 o 4

Sago,

TABLE (C.)

Sago, the lb* -

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Powder, for every £. 100of the Value -

Sec the Note under the Head of provisions*

Sal, viz.

--Ammoniacus, the lb. -

- Gem, the cwt. -

Salep or Salop, the lb. -

Saltpetre, the cwt.

Sandrake Gum. See Gum.

Sanguis Draconis, the lb.

SarcocoHa Gum. Sec Gum.

Saunders, viz.

- Red, the cwt. -

- White, the lb. -

- Yellow, the lb.

Scamrtony, (he lb.

Sea Cow, Sea Horse, or Sea Morse Teeth, the lb.

Seal Skins* See Skins.

Seed, vi2.

- Anniseed, the cwt. -

- Coriander Seed, the cwt. -

- Cummin Seed, the cwt. -

- Garden Seed or Forest Seed, not particularly enumerated or described, the lb.

- Worm Seed, the lb.* -

- not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for

every £. 100 of the Value -

Seed-lac. See Lac, in Gum.

Sena, the lb. —

Senega Gum. See Gum.

Sheep's Wool. See Lamb's Wool, in Wool.

Shellac. See Lac, in Gum.

Silk, viz.

' Handkerchiefs, See Handkerchiefs.

- Knubs or Hulks of Silk, the lb. -

- Raw Silk, viz.

- Bengal Raw Silk, the lb.

- of any other Sort, the lb. -

--Waste Silk, the lb.

Silver Coin, Foreign. See BuHsoo.

- Plate. See Plate.

Skins, viz.

- Calve Skins, in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or m any Way dressed, the

dozen Skins -

--Cordivants, dressed, the dozen Skins -

- Dog Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or m any Way dressed, the dozen

Skins -

- Elk Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any Way dressed, the Skin

- HufTe Skins, undressed, the Skin -

- Leopard Skins, undressed the Skm -

- Martin Skinv, undressed, the Skin -

- Seal Skins, in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any Way dressed, the Skin

- Squirrel Skins, undressed, the 100 Skins -

--Tyger Skins, undressed, the Skin -

--or Pieces of Skins, raw or undressed, not particularly enumerated or described,

or otherwise charged with Duty as such, for every £. 100 of the Value

- or Pieces of Skfns, tanned, tawed, or in- any Way dressed, not particularly

enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty as such, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Snuff, the lb. -

Subject also to a Duty of Excite.

Socotorina Aloes. See Aloes.

Spikenard, the lb.

Duty.

£ / d.

0 0 4

50 0 0

O 0 1

a 4

0 0 .6

0 0 3

0 0 10

0*4

0 0 4

0 0 4

0 3 6

0 1 0

1 7 9

0 5 9

096

0 0 3

0 0 8

35 0 0

0 0 9

0 1 10

0 3 0

0 4 0

0 1 10

t> 1 2

1 0 0

0 0 6

0 0 7

0 <? 3

0 8 9

0 1 6

0 0 2

0 7 0

0 4 4

35 0 0

90 0 0

0 0 8

0 1 8

Drawback.

Spirits}

A.D. 1803. 43* GEORGII - III. C. 68.

TABLE (C.) Duty. Drawback.

Spirits} viz. £' d. £. /. i.

- Arrack, the Gallon - Brandy, the Gallon - General the Gallon - Rum, the Gallon — — < — — Spirits are subject also to a Duty of Excise. Oil Oil 010 009 —

Squills, the cwt. - 030,

Squinanthum, the lb. - Squirrel Skins. See Skins. Stick Lac. See Lac, in Gam. 005

Stockings of Cotton, for every £. 100 of the Value — — Storax, viz. Calamita or Liquids, the lb. — — — 52' 0 0 008 -

Succadet, the lb. - 0 y 0 010 -

Sugar, the cwt. - Note. The Duties on Sugar imported into Great Britain are to continue in Force until the 25th Day of March 1804, and no longer. See the Act to which this Table is annexed. Sugar Candy, viz. 1 2 0

Brown, the cwt. - White, the cwt. - 3 10 0 5 12 0

Talc, the lb. - 003 —

Tamarinds, the lb. - 003 -

Tea, for every £. 100 of the Value — — — Subject also to a Duty of Excise. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Tea may be taken out of the Warehouse, Duty free, for Exportation to Ireland, fee 41 Geo. 3. c. 75. Teake Wood. See Wood. 500 5 0 0

Terra Japonica, the lb. - 0 0 j

Thread, viz. Cotton Thread, for every £. 100 of the Value — — Tincal. See Borax unrefined. 52 0 0 "

Tobacco, the lb. - Subject also te a Duty of Excise. Tonnage Duty on Ships or Vessels entering inwards or outwards (except in Ballad), from or to Foreign Parts. See Table No. 3. at the End of Schedule A. Tortoise-ftiell, viz. Manufactories of, for every £. 100 of the Value — — rough and unmanufactured, the lb. — — Tragacanth Gum. See Gum. Tuibith, the lb. - 006 50 0 0 0 1 10 -

0 1 4 -

Turmeric, the lb. - Turpentine, OB of See OiL Tutiae Lapis. See Lapis. Tyger Skins. See Skins. 003

Vermicelli, the lb. - See the Note under the Head of Provisions. 0 0 0*

Vermillion, or Cinnabar, the lb. — — — Walking Canes. 1 Sticks. > See Canes. Wanghee Canes, j* Wax, viz. 012

Bees Wax, unmanufactured, the cwt. — — white, or manufactured, the cwt. — — Candles. See Candles. Wood, viz. - — Ebony, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt. — — — RedWood, the Ton, Quantity 20 cwt. — — Rose Wood, the cwt. - Teake Wood, 8 Inches Square or upwards, the Load, Quantity 50 cubic 200 3 i5 10 5003 4 180 —

Feet - 0 19 0 Wool,

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

From July 5, 1803, the present Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and the Drawbacks, Dial] cease.

This A a shall not extend to Malt Duties under 43 Geo. 3. c. 3. nor to Duties upon Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, continued by 43 G. 3. c. 4. except as to the Duties on Tobacco Licences, and on Tobacco of Spain and Portugal: [&e 29 G, 3-r. 68.

2. & §70.] Nor to certain Countervailing Duties on Importation from Ireland, &c. (&<* Schedule C.]

Duties in Schedules A.and B. shall be levied, and the Drawbacks in Schedule C. allowed an lieu of former Duties.

C. 68, 69.

TABLE (C.) Duty. Drawback.

Wool, viz. 'Carmenia Wool. See Goat Hair, in Hair. — 1 Cotton Wool, the loo lbs. - Lamb's Wool or Sheep's Wool, the cwt. — — — Worm Seed. See Seed. £. s. d. O84 O48 £- d-

Yam, viz. Cotton Yarn, the lb. - 0 0 5

Zedoaria, the lb. - All Goods, Ware*, and Merchandize imported by the United Company of Merchants 0^England trading to the East Indies, being either in part or wholly manu-fastured, not being enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, when so imported, and not prohibited to be imported into or used in Great Britain, for every £.\oo of the Value — — — All Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, not being either in patt or Wholly manufactured*, not being enumerated or described, or otherwise charged - with Duty-, when so imported, and not prohibited to be imported into or used in Great Britain, for every £. 100 of the Value — — 0 0 8 5° ° 0

20 0 0

CAP. LXIX.

An A<3; to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof...

[4th July 1803.]

WHEREAS the Duties of Excise are, in many Cases, become numerous and complicated, and it will - tend to the publick Benefit to ceofolidate and simplify the fame; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, all and singular the Duties, Allowances, Bounties, and Drawbacks of Excise, and other Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, granted by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, shall cease and determine; save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may at that Time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or in anywise alter the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, granted by an Act: of Parliament, made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malty Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and three; or the Duties upon Malt, Tobacco, and Snfln, continued by an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thnet-forc and except as to the Duties in the said last-recited Act granted on Licences to be taken out by the Manufacturers of and Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff, and also as to the Duties in the said Act granted on-Tobacco, of the Growth, Production, and Manufacture of the Plantations or Dominions of Spain and Portugal, delivered for Exportation: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conftraed to extend, to rtpeal or anywise alter the Countervailing Duties of Excise, upon the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Ireland into Great Britain, granted by an Act of the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Drawbacks payable on Goods exported from Great Britain to Ireland according to the last mentioned Act, save and except the Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks granted by the said last-recited Act, for and in respect of Beer, Ale, and Mum, Bricks and Tiles, .Cyder and Perry, Hops, Mead or Metheglin, Spirits, Vellum and Parchment, Gilt and Silver Wire, and Gold and Silver Thread, Lace, or Fringe.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, in lieu and instead of the said Duties of Excise, and other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively by this Act repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon the several Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities mentioned and described in the Schedules, marked A. and B. hereunto annexed, and for the Sales by Auction, and for and upon the Licences mentioned in the said Schedule marked A. the several Sums of Money and Duties of Excise as they are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedules; and that there shall be made, allowed, and paid for or in respect of Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities, for or in respect of which any Duty of Excise is imposed, to the several Persons entitled to the fame, the several Allowances, Bounties, and Drawbacks of Excise, as the same are also respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the Schedule marked C. hereunto annexed; and also all other such special Allowances as are particularly directed to be made by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force oh and immediately before the said

3 fifth

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 69.

fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, except so far as any such /pecial Allowances may be altered, varied, or repealed by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties of Excise, by this Act imposed, as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England, for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, for the Time being; and that the same shall be accounted for, cleared off, paid, satisfied, and discharged by the Person and Persons liable to the accounting for, clearing off, Payment, Satisfaction, or Discharge thereof, at such Time and Times, and in such Manner as the hereby repealed Duties of Excise and other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively chargeable in the like Cases, or upon the like Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities respectively, or upon any Person or Persons for or in respect thereof, were, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on and immediately before the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, to be accounted for, cleared off, paid, satisfied, or discharged.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said several Sums of Money respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedules hereunto annexed, marked A. and B., as the Duties of Excise, and the Allowances, Bounties, and Drawbacks of the Duties of Excise upon the several Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities inserted in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked C., or mentioned in this Act, shall and may be respectively raised, levied, collcded, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed (except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act), in such and the like Manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways, or Methods by which the former Duties of Excise, and other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, and the Allowances, Bounties, and Drawbacks of Duties of Excise, and other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, were or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed, and the several Persons, and the Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of, or chargeable with Duties of Excise, or entitled to Allowances, Bounties, or Drawbacks of Duties of Excise, as respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedules hereunto annexed, marked A., B., and C., shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, and Reltridions, to which such Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities were generally or specially subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on and immediately before the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, receding the Duties of Excise, or other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture, of any Nature or Kind whatever, as well Pains of Death as others, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on and immediately before the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, for securing the Revenue of Excise, or other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof; and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained (unless where expressly altered by this Act), shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution, for and in respect of the several Duties of Excise hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Duty is imposed by this Act on any specific Quantity of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the same shall be understood, and deemed and taken to apply, in the same Proportion, and after the same Rate, to any Quantity greater or less than such specific Quantity.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties by this Act imposed, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted, shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be carried to, and make Part of, the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

" The whole of the Duties, except otherwise hereby provided (fee §10.), shall be entered in one Account at M the Exchequer, and the Treasury shall cause distinct Accounts of such as were to he kept separate for ten " Years from being granted, to be so kept and laid before Parliament, pursuant to 42 G. 3. r. 70 % — §7." (See

r. 68. of this Session, §53.)

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make void, alter, or prejudice, any Disposition, Appropriation, Appointment, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, relative to the regular and usual Payment of any Pension or Annuity charged and made payable to any Person or Persons in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament, or by virtue of any Grants or Letters Patent, made or granted by any of his Majesty's Royal Predecessors, Kingsor Queens of this Realm, but that the same Dispositions, Appropriations, and Appointments, shall continue, be in Force, and take Effect. in the Payment of all and every the Annuities and Pensions payable by the Commissioners or Receivers-General of the Duties and Revenues of Excise, in the same Manner, and at the same Time and Times, that the said Annuities and Pensions have been usually paid before the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight, hundred and three.

IX. And be it also further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend", or be construed to* extend, to affect or alter the hereditary Revenue of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Scotland, or other Revenue then granted to his late Majesty King George the Second during his Life, and renewed to his present Majesty during his Life, by an Act made in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, or in any Manner divert

the

847

Duties shall be under the Management of the lefpcdive Commulioner* of Excise, and shall be accounted fur, &c. as foune: Dulk*.

Duties and

Drawbacks under this Act shall be levied, &c. as former Duties, &c. unless hereby altered.

Duties shall be paid in Proportion to the actual Quantity.

Duties shall be carried to Britishi Consolidated Fund.

Ad shall not affect Pensions payable by the Commissioners* ice. of Excite*.

Ad shall not alter the here-diuiv Revenue of his Majesty in ScotUuu, or

848

the Payment of Annuities, &c. out of the Revenues of Excise.

The Sum re-frrved out of the Duties on Licences to retail Wine, by 30 G. 1. c. 19. shall be accounted for out of the Duties on such Licences granted by this Act.

The Amount of u hat would have been the hereditary Duties of Excise shall be computed, set apart, ' and paid out of the Duties by this Act granted, as directed by 27G. 3.

13- t§ 5>.]

t Car. I. c. 24.

«3«.J

iW.&M. c. 24. 1§5-J

In future 3< Gallons shall be reckoned a Barrel of Beer or Ale, made by common brewers in Great Britain, and the Allowance shall be 3 Gallons out

of that Quantity'-r Wade.

C. 69.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

the Payment of the several and respective Annuities Bounties, and other Charges and Expences which, in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on and immediately before the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, have usually been, or ought to be satisfied and paid by the Commissioners of Excise out of the Monies arisen by the Duties and Revenues of Excise, or Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, but that the lame shall and may, and are hereby directed and required to be satisfied, paid, and discharged out of all or any of the said Monies arisen, or which shall hereafter arise by the said Duties and Revenues, and come into the Hands of the said Commissioners in the same and like Manner, and at the respective Times at which the same have usually been accustomed to be paid and satisfied 5 any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

X. And whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (amongst other Things), for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, it was enacted, that, from and after the Demise of his Majesty (whom God long preserve), the Sum of seven thousand and two Pounds fourteen Shillings and

Threepence out of the Monies arising by the new Duties on Licences to retail Wine, reserved by an Act of the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Should be paid and accounted

for to the Heirs and Successors of his Majesty, in like Manner as they were before the passing of an Act of the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain; and whereas the said Duties on Wine Licences have been

repealed, and certain Duties of Excise granted in lieu thereof, which, by the present Act, are also repealed; be it further enacted, That the aforesaid Sum of seven thousand and two rounds fourteen Shillings and Threepence shall, from and after the Demise of his Majesty (whom God long preserve), be so reserved, paid, and accounted for out of the Duties by this Act granted on Licences to retail Foreign Wine, in like Manner as they are by the said Act required to be reserved, paid, and accounted for out of the like Duties hereby repealed.

XI. 4 And whereas by the aforesaid Act of the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

4 it was directed, that the Commissioners of Excise Should compute the exact Sums to which the whole of the hereditary Duties of Excise, which, by an Act made in the twelfth. Year of the Reign of his Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures fn Caprie,

and by Knights Service and Purveyance; and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof, and by several subsequent Acts of Parliament, were granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for ever, would amount,

4 if the same had not been repealed or altered by another Aft of Parliament, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, granting a certain Sum out of the Aggregate Fund, in lieu of certain of the said hereditary Duties; and that the said Commissioners should transmit an Account thereof quarterly, into the Receipt of the Exchequer; and also, that the proper Officers of the said Receipt of Exchequer should set apart, 'out of the Duties of Excise granted by the before-mentioned Act of the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, at the End of every Quarter after the Demise of his present Majesty, such a 4 Sum of Money as it should appear by the said Account the whole of the said hereaitary Duties of Excise would have amounted to within such Quarter, to be paid to the Successors of the King's Majesty for ever:

And whereas the Duties granted by the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty are hereby repealed be it therefore enacted, That the said quarterly Sums shall be so computed, and shall be set apart and paid out of the Duties by this Act granted, in like Manner as they are by the said Act directed to be computed and set apart out of the Duties of Excise hereby repealed.

XII. 4 And whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Caphe, and by Knights Service and Purveyance; and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof, it was enacted, that every fix-and-thirty Gallons of Beer mould be reckoned, accounted, and returned for a Barrel of Beer; and every two-and thirty Gallons of Ale for a Barrel of Ale; and that, in Consideration of Waste by Fillings and Leakage, all Common Brewers not selling Beer and Ale by Retail, should be allowed three Barrels upon every twenty-three Barrels of Beer, and two Barrels upon every twenty-two Barrels of Ale out of the said Returns made by the Gagers; and by another Act made in the first Year of the Reign of King WiUsaw and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for an additional Duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, it was enactecT and declared, that for avoiding Uncertainties and Disputes, every four-and-thirty Gallons of Beer and Ale brewed or made by the Brewers, Victuallers, or other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excise other than within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the weekly Bills of Mortality, should be reckoned and returned for a Barrel of Beer or Ale; and that the Allowances made to the Common Brewers other than within the find Cities and Limits, should be two Barrels and a Half upon every twenty-three Barrels: And whereas it is expedient that the Quantities to be returned as and for a Barrel of Beer or Ale brewed or made by the Common Brewer, and the Allowances for Waste, should be in all Places the fame be it therefore enacted, That from and after the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, every thirty-six Gallons of Beer or Ale brewed or made by the Common Brewers in Great Britain, whether within the weekly Bills of Mortality or without the fame, taken according to the Standard of the Ale Quart, four whereof shall make the Gallon, remaining in the Custody of the Chamberlains of his Majesty's Exchequer, shall be reckoned, accounted, and returned by the Gager or Gagers, or other Officers of Excise for a Barrel of Beer or Ale $ and that the Allowances to be made in Great Britain to the Common Brewers not selling Beer, Ale, or Worts, in any lef3 Quantity than a whole Calk containing four Gallons and a Half, whether within or without the aforesaid Limits, for Waste by Fillings and Leakage of their Beer or Ale, or otherwise, out of the Returns or Charges made by the Gagers or other Officers, mall be three Barrels upon every thirty-six Barrels, both

849

of Strong Beer and of Table Beer and Ale, and after that Rate for any greater or less Quantity; any Thing in the before-mentioned Acts, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Allowance to the Common Brewer of three Barrels upon every thirty-six Barrels of Beer and Ale, shall be in full Compensation for all Waste or other Losses or Damages whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Beer or Ale, brewed by the Common Brewers in Great Britain, shall be sold by such Common Brewers at any other Rate or Quantity for the Barrel than the aforesaid Quantity of thirty-six Gallons; any Law, Practice, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to alter or vary the Quantity to be returned as and for a Barrel of Beer or Ale brewed or made by any Victualler or Retailer, or by any Person other than the Common Brewer, who doth or shall fell or tap out Beer or Ale publickly or privately, but that the same shall be and remain as was enacted and declared by the aforesaid Act of the jfirft Year of King William and Queen Mary, for an additional Duty of Excise on Beer, Ale, and other Liquors.

XV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make void any Licence or Licences granted under or by virtue of any Law or Laws of Excise in Force on or before the said fifth Day of July One thousiTnd eight hundred and three, or to require or compel any Person or Persons, to whom such Licence shall have been granted, to renew or take out any fresh Licence until the End and Expiration of the Term for which any such Licence was granted; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

" Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §16."

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE A.

DUTIES OF EXCISE IN GREAT BRITAIN.

AUCTIONS. £. x. d.

For every twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money arising or payable by virtue of any Sale at Auction in Great Britain of any Interest, in Possession or Reversion in any Freehold, Customary,

of, or Leasehold Lands, Tenements, Houses, or Hereditaments, and any Share or Shares in the capital or joint Stock of any Corporation or chartered Company, and of any Annuities or Sums of Money charged thereon, and of any Ships and Vessels, and of any reversionary Interest in the publick Funds, and of any Plate or Jewels, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Sum of such Purchase Money, to be paid by the Auctioneer, Agent, Fador, or Seller by Commission - 006

For every twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money arising or payable by virtue of any Sale at Auction in Great Britain of Furniture, Fixtures, Pictures, Books, Horses and Carnages, and all other Goods and Chattels whatsoever, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Sum of such Purchase Money, to be paid by the Auctioneer, Agent, Fador or Seller by Commission - 00 i©

BEER.

For every Barrel of Strong Beer or Ale, or Beer or Ale above sixteen Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duty hereby imposed on such Beer or Ale, and not being two-penny Ale, mentioned and described in the seventh Article of the Treaty of Union with Scotland, which shall be brewed in Great Britain by any Common Brewer, or other Person or Persons, who shall fell or tap out Beer or Ale publickly or privately, to be paid by such Common Brewer or other Person or Persons respectively - o 10 o

For every Barrel of Table Beer, or Beer or Ale of sixteen Shillings the Barrel, or under, exclusive of the Duty hereby imposed thereon, which shall be brewed in Great Britain by any Common Brewer, or other Person or Persons, who shall fell or tap out Beer or Ale publickly or privately, to be paid by such Common Brewer, or other Person or Persons respectively — 0 2©

For every Barrel of two-penny Ale, mentioned and described in the seventh Article of the Treaty

of Union with Scotland, to be paid by the Common Brewer or Victualler — — O 4 2

For every Barrel containing thirty-two Gallons, Wine Measure, of Spruce Beer, and of all other Sorts or Kinds of Beer or Ale, and for every such Barrel 01 Mum which shall be imported from Parts beyond the Seas into Great Britain, the same not being Irish Beer, Ale, or Mum, imported directly from Ireland, to be paid by the Importer before the landing thereof - 20©

Such Allowance ftiJl he in lull for nil Losses.

No Beer or Ale shall be sold by the Common Brewers at any other than the above Rate; but not to extend to other Brewers.

Act shall not void Licence# granted under any Law of Excise.

4.3 Geo. III.

JQ.

BRICKS

C. 69. 43° GEORGII IIJ. A.P. 1803.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Duties.

BRICKS AND TILES. i.

For every Thousand of Bricks which shall be made in Great Britain, not exceeding any of the following Dimensions, that is to say, ten Inches long, three Inches thick, and five Inches wide - 050

For every Thousand of Bricks which shall ie made in Great Britain, exceeding any of the

foregoing Dimensions - 0100

For every Thousand of Bricks which shall be made in Great Britain, and which shall be smoothed or polished on one or more Side or Sides, the samp not exceeding the superficial Dimensions often Inches long by five Inches wide - o 12 O

For every Hundred of such last mentioned Bricks, exceeding the aforesaid superficial Di- 5 The Duties 0* mentions - I paving Tiles.

For every Thousand of Plain Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain — — 0410

For every Thousand of Pan or Ridge Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain — — O 12 10

For every Hundred of Paving Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain, not exceeding ten

Inches square - 025

For every Hundred of Paving Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain, exceeding ten Inches square - 04 10

For every Thousand Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain, other than such as are herein-before enumerated or described, by whatever Name or Names such Tiles are or may be called or known - O 4 10

The said Duties on Bricks and Tiles to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively.

CANDLES.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Candles of Tallow and other Candles whatsoever, except

Wax and Spermaceti Candles, which shall be made in Great Britain — — o O 1

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Candles which shall be madp in Great Britain, of Wax or of Spermaceti, or which are usually called or sold for either Wax or Spermaceti Candles, notwithstanding the Mixture of any other Ingredients therewith — — 00

The fanl Duties on Candles to be paid by the Makers thereof.

COCOA NUTS AND COFFEE.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Cocoa Nuts of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America imported into Great Britain -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Cocoa Nuts imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eq/t Indies -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Cocoa Nuts imported into Great Britain — For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Coffee of the Growth'or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America imported into Great Britain -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Coffee imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies — / -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Coffee imported into Great Britain —

The said Duties to be paid by the Importers or Proprietors of all Cocoa Nuts and Coffee which shall have been imported, and for which all the Duties chargeable on Cocoa Nuts and Coffee respectively shall not have been paid on or before the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, or which shall be imported, and which in either Case shall not be duly exported to Parts beyond the Seas directly from the Warehouses in which the same shall have been lodged, under the Rories and Regulations in that Case by Law provided.

For the Conditions, Rules, and Regulations under which Cocoa Nuts and Coffee may on Importation be secured in Warehouses, fee 10 Geo. 1. c. 10. and 35 Geo. 3. c. 118.

o I ID

0 2 0 O3O

Oil

016 0 2 0

CYDER AND PERRY*

For every Hogshead of Cyder and Perry made in Great Britain for Sale, to be paid by the first Buyer or Maker thereof, such Buyer or Maker being a Dealer in or Retailer of Cyder or Perry, or by the Factor or Agent to whom such Cyder or Perry shall be sent or consigned to be sold or disposed of* until and upon the twenty third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and four, sixteen Shillings; and from and after the said twenty-third Day of June

One thousand eight hundred and four -

Cyder and Perry made for Sale are chargeable with a Duty of 48.- per Hog/head, until and upon 23d June 1804, by Act of 43 Geo. 3. c. 3.

For every Ton of Cyder and Perry, which shall be imported from Parts beyond the Seas into Great Britain, not being Irjb Cyder or Perry imported dire^Uy from Ireland, to be paid by the Importer thereof before tfit landing thereof. -

100

17 17 o

1

GLASS.

A.D. 1803; 43° GEORGII IIt

SCHEDULE'(A.) — Duties

.. , GLASS.

For erery Hundred Weight of Materials or Metal, or other Preparations whatever, by what Name soever the same are or may be called or known, that shall be made Use of in Great Britain, in the making of Glass, the following Sums respectively; that is to say,

> — In the making of Plate or Flint Glals* or Enamel, Gained or Paste Glass, or Phial Glass -

- In the making of Spread Window Glass, commonly called or known by the Name

of Broad Glass -

- In the making of all other Window Glass, not being Spread Glass, whether flatbed

or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass -

- And in the making of common Bottles, the same not being Phials, and of Vessels made Life of in chemical Laboratories, and of Garden Glasses, and of all other Vessels and Utensils made of common Bottle Metal -

The said several Rates and Duties upon the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations for making Glass, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively. for every Hundred Weight of Plate Glass, and of all other Glass Manufactures, which shall be imported from Parts beyond the Seas into Great Britain, the same not being Flaflcs in which Wine or Oil shall or may be imported, nor foreign green Glass Bottles, nor Irish Glass, or Glass Manufactures imported directly from Ireland^ to be paid by the Importer before the landing thereof -

HIDES AND SKINS.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hides of what Kind soever, and of Calve Skins, Kips, Hogs Skins, Dogs' Skins, and Seal Skins, which shall be tanned in Great Britain; and of Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins which shall be tanned in Great Britain for Gloves and Bazils -

For every Dozen of Goat Skias tanned with Shomack, or otherwise, in Great Britain, to resemble Span'ish Leather -

For every Dozen of Sheep Skins tanned for Roans, being after the Nature of Spanish Leather, in Great Britain -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Skins, and of all Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins which shall be tanned in Great Britain, not herein-before particularly charged — For and upon all Hides of Horses, Mares, and Geldings, which shall be dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, for every such Hide -

For and upon all Hides of Steers and Cows, or any other Hides of what Kind soever, those of Horses, Mares, and Geldings excepted, which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, for every such Hide -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Calves' Skins, Kips, and Seal Skins, which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain -

For every Dozen of Slink Calve Skins which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, with the Hair on -

For every Dozen of Slink Calve Skins which shall be so dressed or tawed without Hair, and every Dozen of Dogs' Skins and of Kid Skins, which shall be tawed as aforesaid in Great

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Buck and Doe Skins which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain -

For every Dozen of Goat Skins and of Beaver Skins which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Skins, and of all Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, not herein-before particularly charged -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Buck, Deer, and Elk Skins, which shall be dressed in Oil in Great Britain -

For ever)" Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Sheep and Lamb Skins which shall be dressed in Oil in Great Britain -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Skins, and of all Hides, and Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins, which shall be dressed in Oil in Great Britain -

For every Dozen of Vellum which shall be made in Great Britain -

For every Dozen of Parchment which shall be made in Great Britain -

The said several Duties for and upon all Hides and Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, and upon Vellum and Parchment, to be paid by the Tanners, Tawers, and Dressers of Hides and Skins, and by the Makers of Vellum and Parchment respectively.

5 0^2

I

C. 69.'

& ' d.

1 12 8 082

1 4 6 o 4

V

2 2 O

O O li 04 o

o*3

006

016

030

001}

030

010 006 020 o o l{

006

010

003

006

036

019

HOPS.

C. 6g.

43° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Duties. HOPS.

A.D. 1803.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hops growing or to grow in Great Britain, which shall be cured and made fit for Use, to be paid by the respective Owners or Possessors thereof - 00

LICENCES.

For and upon all Licences to be taken out according to the Laws in each Case made and provided by the Makers, Manufacturers, Traders, Dealers, Retailers, and other Persons herein after mentioned within Great Br\tainy to be paid by such Makers, Manufacturers, Traders, Dealers, Retailers, or ether Persons respectively, the several annual Sums herein after mentioned;

(that is to say, )

By every Person exercising the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer, for ever)' such Licence —

Every Common Brewer of Table Beer, not being a Common Brewer of Strong Beer, for every such Licence -

Every Common Brewer who shall brew any Strong Beer, for every such Licence, if the Quantity of Beer brewed by such Common Brewer within the Year ending the fifth Day of jfuly in each Year, previous to talking out the Licence, shall not exceed one thousand Barrels

- If the same shall exceed one thousand Barrels, and shall not exceed two thousand

Barrels -

Barrels

If the same shall exceed two thousand Barrels, and shall not exceed five thousand - If the same shall exceed five thousand Barrels, and shall not exceed seven thousand five hundred Barrels

If the same shall exceed seven thousand five hundred Barrels, and shall not exceed ten

thousand Barrels

If the same shall exceed ten thousand Barrels, and shall not exceed twenty thousand

Barrels —

If the same shall exceed twenty thousand Barrels, and shall not exceed thirty thousand

Barrels —

If the same shall exceed thirty thousand Barrels, and shall hot exceed forty thousand

Barrels

-1----- Or if the feme shall exceed forty thousand Barrels

Every Person who shall first become a Common Brewer of Strong Beer, for every such Licence one "Pound ten Shillings; and within ten Days after the 5th Day of July next, after taking put such Liceiice, such further additional Sum as, with the said one Pound ten Shillings, (halt amount to the Duty herein-before directed to be paid, according to the Number of Bands of Strong Beer brew'ed within the preceding Year. -

Every Maker of Wax Candles or Spermaceti Candles for Sale, for every such Licence —

Every Dealer in, or Seller of, Wax or Spermaceti Candles, not being a Maker of such Candles, for every such Licence - 1 -

Every Chandler or Maker of Candles, other than Wax or Spermaceti Candles, for Sale, for every such Licence -

Every Person trading in, vending, or felling Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, or Chocolate, for every such Licence - '

Every Glaffmaker, for a Licence for each and every Glasshouse -

Every Tanner within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, for every such Licence —

Every other Tanner, for every such Licence' -

Every Tawer, for every such Licence -

Every Dresser of Hides and Skins in Oil, for every such Licence -

Every Currier, for every such Licence -

Every Maker of Vellum or Parchment, for every such Licence -

Every Maltster, or Maker of Malt, for Sale, for every such Licence, if the Quantity of Malt made by such Maltster or Maker of Malt, within the Year ending the fifth Day of July in each Year, previous to taking out the Licence, shall not exceed fifty Quarters —

- If the same shall exceed fifty Quarters, and shall not exceed one hundred Quarters

- If the same shall exceed one hundred Quarters, and shall not exceed one hundred and

fifty Quarters -

J f the same shall exceed one hundred and fifty Quarters, and shall not exceed ivto

hundred Quarters

If the same shall exceed two hundred Quarters, and shall not exceed two hundred and

fifty Quarters

If the same shall exceed two hundred and fifty Quarters, and shall not exceed three

hundred Quarters

If the same shall exceed three hundred Quarters, and shall net exceed three hundred and fifty Quarters

0 6 or

I 0 0

I 10 0

2 0 0

5 0 0

7 IO 0

10 0 0

20 0 0

30 0 0

40 0 0

50 0 0

1 IO 0

and a Surcharge.

6 0 0

O IO 6

I 0 0

O 5 6

IO 0 0

5 0 0

2 IO 0

1 0 0

2 0 0

2 0 0

1 0 0

0 5 0

O 10 0

I 0 0

I 5 0

1 10 0

X 15 0

Licences

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Duties.

Licences to Maltsters, continued.

- If the same shall exceed three hundred and fifty Quarters, and shall not exceed four

hundred Quarters -

Ifthe same shall exceed four hundred Quarters, and shall not exceed four hundred and

fifty Quarters

If the same shall exceed four hundred and fifty Quarters, and shall not exceed five hundred Quarters

If the same shall exceed five hundred Quarters, and shall not exceed five hundred and

fifty Quarters

Or if the same shall exceed five hundred and fifty Quarters

Every Person who shall first become a Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, for every such Licence five Shillings; and within ten Days after the fifth Day of July next after taking out such Licence, such further additional Sum as, with the said five Shillings, shall amount to the Duty herein-before directed to be paid according to the Quantity of Malt made within the preceding Year

Every Maker of Metheglin or Mead for Sale, for every such Licence -

Every Maker of Paper or Pasteboard, and every Paper Stainer, for every such Licence —

Every Person trading in, vending, or felling any Gold or Silver Plate, or any Goods or Wares in which any Quantity of Gold exceeding two Pennyweights and under two Ounces in-Weight, or any Quantity of Silver exceeding five Pennyweights and under thirty Ounces iu-Weight, in any one separate and distinct Ware or Piece of Goods, is or shall be manufactured, for every such Licence -

Every Person trading in, vending, or felling any Gold or Silver Plate, or any Goods or Wares in which any Quantity of Gold of the Weight of two Ounces or upwards, or any Quantity of Silver of the Weight of thirty Ounces or upwards, in any one separate and ditlinct Ware or Piece of Goods, is or shall be manufactured; and every Pawnbroker trading in, vending, or felling Gold or Silver Plate, or Goods or Wares in which any Quantity of Gold or Silver is or shall be manufactured, or taking in or delivering out Pawns of such Plate, Goods, or Wares;

and every Refiner of Gold or Silver; for every such Licence -

Every Calicoe Printer, and every Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Linens, Cottons, or Stuffs, for every such Licence -

Every Maker of Soap for Sale, for every such Licence -

Every Distiller or Maker of low Wines or Spirits for Sale or for Exportation within that Part of Great Britain called England, for every such Licence -

Every Rectificrof Spirits within that Part of Great Britain called England, for every such Licence Every Dealer in Brandy or other spirituous Liquors or strong Waters, not being a Retailer, in any Part of Great Britain, or not being a Wholesale Seller of, or Dealer in, plain Aqua Vitae only, diddled from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or other British Materials in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for every such Licence -

Every Person in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall by Wholesale fell or deal in Spirits made and diddled from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or other British Materials, and commonly called or known by the Name of Aqua Vitae in that Part of the United Kingdom, not being a licensed Distiller, Rectifier, Compounder, or Retailer of Spirits, not being a Dealer in Brandy or other spirituous Liquors, duly licensed for that Purpose in Manner above mentioned, for every such Licence to fell plain Aqua Vitae only by Wholesale Every Retailer of distilled spirituous Liquors or strong Waters in Great Britain, not being a Retailer of plain Aqua Vitae only, made or distilled from Briti/Jj Materials, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for every Licence to be taken out as aforesaid, if the Dweding-House in which such Retailer shall reside or retail such diddled spirituous Liquors or strong Waters at the Time of taking out such Licence, (had not, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens therewith occupied, be rated under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament for granting Duties on inhabited Houses, at a Rent of fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards -

- If rated as aforesaid at fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under twenty

Pounds -

-If at twenty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under twenty-five Pounds —

- If at twenty-five Pounds per Annum or upward?, and under thirty Pounds —

- If at thirty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under forty Pounds -

- If at forty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under fifty Pounds -

- Or if at fifty Pounds per Annum or upwards -

Every Person who, within the Limits of any Royal Burgh, Burgh of Barony or Regality in any Part of Scotland, or in any Place iu any other Part of Scotland other than within the Highlands of Scotland, limited and described in the Acts in that Case made and provided, shall retail any Spirits made or distilled from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or other British Materials, and commonly called or known by the Name of Aqua Vitie in that Part of the United Kingdom, for every such Licence to retail plain Aqua Vitae ouly — t-

C. 69.

£ '*200

250

2 IO O

2 15 O 3OO

o y o

and Surcharge. IOO

2 0a

- 260

- 5 15 o

10 o o 2 o o*

IOOOO

500

- 500

o Q>

4 r4 o

5 2 50

5 18

6 6

a

o

a

o

o

a

20a

Every

853

I

C. 69.

43* GEORGir IIL

A.D. 180$.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Duties. (Licences.)

Every Person who shall retail such Spirits within the several Counties and Distxi&s of the Highlands of Scotland the Royal Burghs, Burghs of Barony or Regality therein excepted, for every such Licence* -

Every Starch Maker, for every Licence to betaken out as aforesaid -

Every Maker of any Kind of Sweets, or Made-Wines, other than Mead, for Side, for every such Licence -

J.

Every Retailer of British-made Wines or Sweets, for every such Licence —

Every Manufacturer of Tobacco or Snuff, for every such Licence, if the Tobacco and Snuff Work weighed by such Person for Manufacture, within the Year ending on the tenth Day of October, previous to taking out the Licence, shall not have exceeded twenty thousand Pounds Weight -

' — If the same shall have exceeded twenty thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded thirty thousand Pounds Weight -

- If the same shall have exceeded thirty thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded forty thousand Pounds Weight -

- If the same shall have exceeded forty thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded

fifty thousand Pounds Weight -

- If the same shall have exceeded fifty thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded

sixty thousand Pounds Weight — 7 -

- If the same shall have exceeded sixty thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded

seventy thousand Pounds Weight -

- If the same shall have exceeded seventy thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded

eighty thousand Pounds Weight -

- If the same shall have exceeded eighty thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded

ninety thousand Pounds Weight -

- If the same shall have exceeded ninety thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded one hundred thousand Pounds Weight -

- If the same shall have exceeded one hundred thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds Weight -

- If the same shall have exceeded one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded one hundred and fifty thousand Pounds Weight —

- If the same shall have exceeded one hundred and fifty thousand Pounds Weight —

Every Person who shall first become a Manufacturer of Tobacco or Snuff, for every such Licence two Pounds, and within ten Days after the tenth Day of October next after taking out such Licence, such further additional Sum as, with the said two Pounds, shall amount to the Duty herein-before directed to be paid, according to the Quantity of Tobacco and Snuff Work weighed for Manufacture within the preceding Year -

1

5

5

2

- 24

o

<r

o

o

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

5 0 0

6 0 0

7 0 0

8 0 0

9 0 0

10 0 0

12 0 0

*5 0 0

20 0 0

in

or Seller of, Tobacco or Snuff, within the or of the chief Office of Excise in

Limits of the chief Office Edinburgh, for every such

2 0 0

and a Surcharge*

2

O

Every Dealer of Excise

Licence - o 5

Every Dealer in, or Seller of, Tobacco or Snuff, in any other Part of Great Britain, out of the said Limits, for every such Licence - o

Every Maker of Vinegar for Sale, for every such Licence — — — 10

Every Retailer of foreign Wine, in that Part of Great Britain called England, who shall not have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled spirituous Liquors or strong Waters, or a Licence for the retailing of Beer, Ale, or other exciseable Liquors, for every such Licence to retail foreign Wine

Every Retailer of foreign Wine in that Part of Great Britain called England\ who shall have taken out a Licence for retailing Beer, Ale* and other exciseable Liquors, but shall not have an Ex- cife Licence for retailing diffilled spirituous Liquors or strong Waters, for every such Licence to retail foreign Wine -

Every Retailer of foreign Wine in that Part of Great Britain called England, who shall have an Excise Licence for retailing diffilled spirituous Liquors or ffrong Waters, for every such Licence to retail foreign Wine - 2 4

Every Retailer of foreign Wine in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall not have

- 5 4°

4 4

an Excise Licence for retailing diffilled spirituous Liquors or strong Waters, or a Licence for retailing Beer, Ale, or other exciseable Liquors, for every such Licence to retail foreign

Wine

- 268

Every Retailer -of foreign Wine in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ who shall have taken out a Licence for retailing Beer, Ale, or other exciseable Liquors, but shall not have an Excise Licence for retailing diffilled spirituous Liquors or ffrong Waters, for every such Licence to retail foreign Wine -

Every Retailer of foreign Wine in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall have an Excise Licence for retailing diffilled spirituous Liquors or strong Waters, for every such Licence to retail foreign Wine -

- 2 13 4

6 8

Every

8J5

SCHEDULE (A.) — Duties. (Licences.) £. /. J.

Every Wiredrawer or other Person, who shall draw, or cause to be drawn, any gilt Or Silver Wire, commonly called Big Wire, in Great Britain, for every Licence to be taken out as aforesaid — — — ' — — _ S o O

MALT.

For every Bushel of Malt which shall be made of Barley or any other Corn or Grain, ia Great Britain, to be paid by the Maker thereof — — — o I of

N B. Malt is also subject to two other Duties, imposed by annual Acts, viz. 6d. per Bushel in England, and 3d. per Bushel in Scotland, by the Act for continuing certain Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, and <pjd.per Bushel in England, and 4ld-4J in Scotland, by the Act for continuing the Duties on Pensions, Offices, &c.

METHEGLIN or MEAD.

For every Gallon of Metheglin or Mead which shall be made in Great Britain for Sale, to be paid by the Maker thereof - O 1 6

For every Gallon of Metheglin or Mead which shall be imported from Parts beyond the Seas into Great Britain, not being Irish Metheglin or Mead imported directly from Ireland, to be paid by the Importer before the landing thereof — — — -.050

PAPER.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Paper made in Great Britain, of the first Class or Denomination, that is to say, all Paper, other than Brown Paper made of eld Ropes or Cordage only, without separating or extracting the Pitch or Tar or any Part therefrom, and without any Mixture of other Materials therewith, and not being Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hot-Pressers, or Sheathing Paper, or Button Paper, or Button Board — — o O 3

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Paper made in Great Britain, of the second Class or Denomination, that is to say, all Brown Paper made of old Ropes or Cordage only as aforesaidd - O O if

For every Hundred Weight of Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hot-Pressers, and of Millboard

and Scaleboard, made in Great Britain - I X O

The said Duties upon Paper, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, to be paid by the Makers thereof respectively.

PRINTED GOODS.

For every Yard Square of Paper which shall be printed, painted, or ilained in Great Britain, to serve for Hangings or other Uses, over and above the Duties payable for such Paper before the printing, painting, or Raining thereof -

For every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard wide, of foreign Calicoe, and of foreign Muflia, which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, except such as shall be dyed throughout of one Colour only -

F9r every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard wide, of all Linens, and of Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool wove in Great Britain, commonly called British Manufactory, and of British Muffins, and of all Fustians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, and other figured Stuffs, made of Cotton and other Materials mixed, or wholly made of Cotton Wool wove in Great Britain, and of all other Stuffs whatsoever, which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, except such as shall be dyed throughout of one Colour only, and Stuffs made of Woollen, or whereof the greatest Part in Value shall be Woollen -

For every Yard in Length, reckoning Half-yard wide, of all Silks which shall be printed, stained, or painted in Great Britain, Silk Handkerchiefs excepted, over and above the Duties payable upon, the Importation of them or any of them -

For every Yard Square of Silk Handkerchiefs, which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, over and above the Duties payable upon the Importation of them or any of

The said Duties on printed, stained, painted, or dyed Goods, to be paid by the Printer, Stainer, Painter, or Dyer thereof.

o o 1} 007

O O 3i

o 1 j) o o 41

SALT.

For every Bushel of Salt which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain, not being Irish Salt imported directly from Ireland, to be paid by the Importer before the landing thereof - O 13 4

For every Bushel of Salt or Rock Salt that shall be made at any Salt-Work, or raised or taken out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit in that Part of Great Britain called England — O 10 O

For every Bushel of Salt or Rock Salt that shall be made at any Salt Work, or raised or taken out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit in Scotland — — — 040

For

C. 69. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Duties. (Salt.)

For every Bushel of all Salts known or called by the Name of Glauber or Epsom Salts, which shall be made or produced in Great Britain — —; —

For every Ton of Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, which shall be made in Great Britain — For every Bushel of Rock Salt, which shall be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, other than Ireland -

The said Duties on Salt made or raised or taken out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit, and on Rock Salt exported, to be paid by the Makers of Salt or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietors of Salt Works respectively.

For every Bushel of Salt or Rock Salt which shall be brought from Scotland into that Part of Great Britain called England, accompanied with a Certificate from the proper Officer that it hath paid the Duty of four Shillings hereby imposed for every Bushel of Salt or Rock Salt made at any Salt Work, or taken out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit in Scotland', to be paid by the Mailer or Commander of every Ship or Vessel bringing or importing such Salt or Rock Salt before the landing thereof — — ' -

For every Bushel of Salt used or employed in curing and salting Flesh exported from Scotland to England, and Provisions for Ships in Scotland and for foreign Voyages, to be paid by the Owners or Shippers thereof in Scotland -

For every Hundred Weight of salted Beef or Pork, or of Bacon brought by Land from Scotland to England, to be paid by the Person bringing the same, upon Entry thereof at the nenrefl Office of Excise in England, on Pain of the Forfeiture of such Beef, Pork, or Bacon, or the Value thereof, to be recovered and applied as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is or may be recovered and applied by any Law or Laws of Excise -

£'*d.

0 IO O

1 o a 001

060

060

026

o 11

O IO

SOAP.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of bard Cake Soap, or Ball Soap, which shall be made

in Great Britain, to be paid by the Maker thereof — — — O o 2{

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of soft Soap, which shall be made in Great Britain, to be

paid by the Maker thereof - 001}

SPIRITS.

For every Gallon of Wort or Wash brewed or made for extracting Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England for Home Consumption, from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the same -

For every Gallon of Cyder or Perry, or any other Wash or Liquor brewed or made as aforesaid from any Sort or Kind of British Materials, except such as are before mentioned, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption -

For every GaHon of Wort or Wash brewed or made as aforesaid from Melasses or Sugar, or any

Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption — — o 1 4$

For every Gallon of Wash brewed or made as aforesaid from foreign refused Wine or foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from any other foreign Materials, except Melasses and Sugar, or any Mixture therewith for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption — — © I IO

The said Duties to be paid by the Makers or Distillers of such Worts or Wash reflectively.

For every one hundred and twenty Gallons of Waffy which Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, and the Survivors and Survivor of them possessed of the Distillery and Premises in which George Bishop deceased carried on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva at Maid-stone in the County of Kent, shall produce on or before the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and four, from a Weight of Malt or other Corn, including the Bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve Pounds Avoirdupois, to be paid by the said Sir William Bishop,

George Bishop, and Arglcs Bi/ljop, and the Survivors and Survivor of them — — I IO O

For every Gallon of Wash in the Possession of the said Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, at any Time when thirty Gallons of any Wash so in their Possession taken and diddled by the Officer of Excise, according to the Directions and

under the Authority of an Act made in the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty to continue and amend so much of an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as permits Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture of Maid/loneGtneva, shall be found to produce more than two Gallons and one Eighth of a Gallon of Spirits at the Strength of one in fix under Hydrometer Proof, to be paid by the said Sir William Bj/hop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, and the Survivor and Survivors of them, immediately, on being charged therewith by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise — o I O

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still, including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus therewith connected under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or

8 Spirits*

C69.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Dvtibb. (Spirit*.)

known, as high as the Steam can ascend, and until the Top of the Head shall turn downwards, and form an Angle of forty-five Degrees, which shall be used or employed for any or either of the Purposes herein after mentioned; that is to say,

- For the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits for Consumption in Scotland from

Com, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder or Perry, or other Wash or Liquor made or brewed from any Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, in any Part or Place in Scotland, other than and except the Highland Diflnffc, particularly specified and described in the Acts in that Case made and provided, the annual Sum of - 108

- For the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits for Consumption in Scotland*

from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, in any Part or Place in Scotland the annual Sum of - 670

- For the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits for Consumption in Scotland

from Foreign refused Wines, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, except Melasses'or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, in any Part or Place in Scotland, the annual Sum of - f — — 760 O

- And for the re&ifying, compounding, or mixing, in any Part or Place in Scotland\ of any Kind of Spirits or Strong Waters for Consumption in Scotland, the annual Sum of — 108 O The said Duties on the Contents of Stills to be paid by the Distillers, Makers, Re&ifiers, or Compounders of Spirits respectively*

For every Gallon English Wine Measure, of Spirits of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in Proportion for any higher or lower Degree of Strength, which shall be made or distilled in any Part or Place in Scotland, for Consumption in Scotland\ not exceeding the Number of Gallons of Spirits limited and restricted to be distilled according to the annual Rates herein after mentioned by or from each Still, to be paid by the Distiller of the said Spirits over and above the aforesaid Duty on the Content of the Still, and the herein after mentioned Duty on the Worts or Wash from which such Spirits may be or may have been

made or distilled, the Sum of - OO

For every Gallon English Wine Measure, of all Worts or Wash brewed or made in any Part or Place in Scotland, other than and except in the Highland District aforesaid, for extracting Spirits for Consumption in Scotland from any Malt, Corn, Grain, Tilts, Cyder, or Perry, or other Worts, Wafti, or Liquor made or brewed from any Sort of Brit'ish Materials, or any Mixture therewith, to be paid by the Brewer, Maker, or Distiller thereof — — O o

For every Gallon English Wine Measure, of all Worts or Wash brewed or made in any Part or Place in Scotland for extracting Spirits for Consumption in Scotland from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture, therewith, or from Foreign refused Wines, or Foreign Cyder or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, or any Mixture therewith, to be paid by the Brewer, Maker, or Distiller thereof - OO

For every Gallon Engljh Wine Measure of the cubical Content or Capacity of each and every

Still, including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the Steam can afceiid, and until the Top of the Head shall turn downwards and form an Angle of forty five Degrees, which shall be used and employed in distilling and drawing off Spirits in the Highland District aforesaid for Consumption in the said Highland District only, from the Barley, Beer, or Bigg, of the Growth of the several and respective Counties, Parts of Counties, and Places within the said Highland District, the cubical Content or Capacity of such Still not being less than thirty nor more than forty Gallons, to be pail by the Persons applying for Licences, as in such Case is required and duly recommended and qualified to erect, keep, and work Stills for that Purpose, the annual Sum of - 6 10

For every Gallon English Wine Measure exceeding forty Gallons, of the cubical Content or Capacity of each and every such Still which shall be so used and employed by, or shall be in the Possession of, such licensed Person within the Highland District aforesaid, of larger Di-irrenfions than aforesaid, the Surplus not being more than three Gallons over and above the said forty Gallons, the annual Sum of - 910

For and upon all Spirits of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof which shall be distilled in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland for Consumption in Scotland, exceeding the several and respective Quantities herein after mentioned, to be paid on Demand by the Distillers or Makers of such Spirits, over and above all other Duties whatsoever, the several Sums herein after mentioned; that is to say,

- For every Gallon of such Surplus Spirits distilled from Malt, Com, or any British

Materials, exceeding the annual Rate of two thousand and twenty-five Gallons of the Strength aforesaid, for each Gallon of the Content of the Still when the before-mentioned annual Duty of one hundred and eight Pounds shall be paid for every Gallon of such Content in the Lowlands of Scotland, or exceeding the annual Rate of fifty-two Gallons of the Strength aforesaid,

43 Geo. III. 5 R

i.

6

2§

*1

O

for

858 C. 69.

43° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (A.)-Dotiis. (Spirit*.)

A.D. 1803.

far each Gallon of the Content of the Still when the before-mentioned annual Duty of six Pounds ten Shillings, or of nine Pounds ten Shillings respectively, shall be paid for every Gallon of such Content in the Highland District aforesaid, the Sum of -

For every Gallon of such Surplus Spirits distilled from Melasses or Sugar exceeding

£ d*

- 030

the annual Rate of four thousand and fifty Gallons of the Strength aforesaid, for each Gallon of the Content of the Still when the before-mentioned annual Duty of six hundred and seventy Pounds shall be paid, for every Gallon of such Content in any Part or Place in Scotland, the Sum of -

And for every Gallon of such Surplus Spirits distilled from other foreign Materials

- 049

than Melasses or Sugar, exceeding the annual Rate of three thousand six hundred and forty five Gallons of the Strength aforesaid, for each Gallon of the Content of the Still when the before-mentioned annual Duty of seven hundred and sixty Pounds shall be paid, for every Gallon of such Content in any Part or Place in Scotland, the Sum of — — o 5 9

For every Gallon of Spirits deficient, if the Quantity of Spirits computed at the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proofr which (hah be produced to the proper Officer or Officers of Excise by any Distiller in Scotland, and be actually charged with the before mentioned Duty of Sixpence for every Gallon, shall be found to fall short of the Quantity which ought to have been produced according to the before-mentioned annual Rates, to be paid by the Distiller or Maker of such Spirits, the Sum of - 006

For every Deficiency of Spirits in every Case where the Spirits extracted by any Distiller in Scotland\ and produced to the proper Officer of Excise, and actually charged with the Duty by this Act imposed of Sixpence for every Gallon, shall fall short of the respective Proportions herein after mentioned, to be paid by such Distiller, the several Sums herein after mentioned; (that is to say, )

- If the Spirits in which the Deficiency shall be discovered, shall have been made or distilled from. Malt, Corn, or British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, and if any Distiller in the Lowlands of Scotland shall not produce to the proper Officer at least eleven Gallons Engiyh Wine Measure of Spirits of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof for every one hundred Gallons of Wash prepared from the said Materials, and found in the Custody of such Distiller; or if any Distiller in the Highland District of Scotland shall not produce to the Officer at least fix Gallons of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid for every one hundred Gallons of Wash prepared from Barley, Beer, or Bigg of the Growth of the said Highlands or any Mixture therewith, and found in the Custody of such Distiller, for every Gallon deficient, the Sum of - 0x6

- If the Spirits in which the Deficiency shall be discovered shall have been made or distilled from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, and any Distiller in any Part or Place in Scotland shall not produce to the proper Officer at least twenty-two Gallons of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid. for every one hundred Gallons of Wash prepared from the said Materials and found in the Custody of such Distiller, for every Gallon deficient — — o 3 - 9

Or if the Spirits in which the Deficiency shall be discovered shall have been distilled

from any other Foreign Materials, or any Mixture therewith, and any Distiller in any Part or Place in Scotland shall not produce to the proper Officer at least twenty Gallons of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid, for every one hundred Gallons of Wash prepared from the said Materials and found in the Custody of such Distiller, for every Gallon deficient —

For every Gallon English Wine Measure, of Spirits of a Strength not exceeding that of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in Proportion for any higher Degree of Strength, made or distilled in that Part of Great Britain called England, and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof -

For every Gallon of British Spirits of a Strength not exceeding that of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, manufactured in Scotland, and brought from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, to be paid by the Importer before the landing thereof -

For every Gallon of all such Spirits as last aforesaid, of a greater Strength than one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding three Pounds per Centum over and above one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, five Shillings and a Halfpenny; and also a further Duty proportioned to the Degree of Strength in which such Spirits shall exceed the said Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof —

ai

Yer every Gallon of Single Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, i mported into Great Britain -

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitx above Proof, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, imported into Great Britain -

For every Gallon of Single Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitx imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies -

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitx above Proof, imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies -

3

0 4 8

0 4 0

0 5 of

0 5 0!

a Sutcharge.

O 6 2 I

O 13 4

O 7 6

O 14 6 For

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 69.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Dutii*. (Spirits.)

For every Gallon of Single Brandy, Spiritt, Aqua Vita, or Strong Waters of any Sort or Kind,

other than such Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae as aforesaid, imported into Great Britain, not being Iri/Jj Spirits, imported directly from Ireland -

For every Gallon of Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vita, or Strong Waters above Proof, other than such Brandy, Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae as aforesaid, imported into Great Britain, not being Irjb Spirits, imported dire£Uy from Ireland -

The said several Duties on Spirits imported to be paid by the Importers thereof before the landing thereof,

STARCH.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Starch of what Kind soever which shall be made in Great Britain, to be paid by the Maker thereof - 003!

SWEETS.

For every Barrel of Liquor, which shall be made in Great Britain for Sale, by Infusion, Fermentation, or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit or Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the Kame of Made Wines, to be paid by the Maker thereof — — — 2 2 0

TEA.

For and upon all Tea which shall be sold in Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies for less than two Shillings and Sixpence per Pound Weight Avoirdupois, fifteen Pounds per Centum, to be computed upon the Grow Prices at which such Tea mail be fold - 15 00

For and upon all Tea which shall be sold in Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies for two Shillings and Sixpence per Pound Weight,

' or upwards, forty-five Pounds per Centum, to be computed upon the Gross Prices at which such Tea shall be fold - 45 OO

The said Duties on Tea to be paid by the Purchasers of such Tea to the said United Company, and by the said United Company to the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being.

£*08 5 o iG

TOBACCO AND SNUFF.

For every Pound Weight of Tobacco of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the Plantations or Dominions of Spain or Portugal, imported into Great Britain -

For every Pound Weight of Tobacco of the Growth or Production of his Majesty's Colonies,

Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America, or of the United States of America, imported into Great Britain -

For every Pound Weight of Tobacco of the Growth or Production of any of the Territories of Dominions of the Emperor of Russia, or of the Ottoman or Turkish Empire, imported into Great Britain, and for every' Pound Weight of Tobacco imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies — — — Oil

For every Pound Weight of Snuff imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies -

For every Pound Weight of Snuff imported into Great Britain from any British Plantation in America, or from the Spanish West Indies -

For every Pound Weight of Snuff imported into Great Britain from any other Place, not being Ir'Jb manufactured Snuff imported directly from Ireland -

The said Duties to be paid by the Importers or Proprietors of all Tobacco and Snuff which shall have been imported, and for which all the Duties chargeable on Tobacco and Snuff respectively shall not have been paid on or before the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, or which shall be imported, and which in either Case shall not be duly exported to Parts beyond the Seas dire£Uy from the Warehouses in which the same shall have been lodged under the Rules and Regulations in that Case by Law provided.

N.B. Tobacco and Snuff are also subject to annual Duties by the Act for continuing the Duties on Pensions, Offices, £sV.

For the Conditions, Rules, and Regulations under which Tobacco and Snuff may, on Importation, be secured in Warehouses, fee 29 Geo. 3. r. 68. and 33 Geo. 3. c. 57.

- o 1

- 004

010

- 006

- 007

VERJUICE.

For every Hogshead of Verjuice which shall be made in Great Britain for Sale, to be paid by the Maker thereof -

- O 7

VINEGAR.

For every Barrel of Vinegar, Vinegar Beer, or Liquors preparing for Vinegar, which shall be brewed or made in Great Britain for Sale, to be paid by the Maker thereof -

5 R 2

o 10 o WINE.

A.D. 1803.

£ i*

- 48 6 o

For every Tun of all other Wines, not being French Wines, which shall be imported into Great Britain - 32 11

The said Duties on Wines to be paid by the Importers thereof before the landing thereof.

WIRE.

For every Ounce Troy of gilt Wire which shall be ma^e in Great Britain, to be paid by the

Maker thereof - 00 ia

For every Ounce Troy of Silver Wire which shall be made in Great Britain, to be paid by the Maker thereof - 007

SCHEDULE (A, ) — Dvtis*. WINE.

For every Tun of French Wine which shall be imported into Great Brkmn

SCHEDULE B.

COUNTERVAILING DUTIES of EXCISE on certain Commodities imported from Ireland

into Great Britain.

BEER.

For every Barrel confiding of thirty-six Gallons English Beer Measure, of Irish Beer, Ale, or Mum, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland, and so in Proportion for any greater or lese Quantity, to be paid by the Importer thereof — — O 13 is

BRICKS AND TILES.

For every Thousand of Irish Bricks, not exceeding any of the following Dimensions; (that is to say, ) ten Inches long, three Inches thick, and five Inches wide -

For every Thousand of Irish Bricks, exceeding any of the foregoing Dimensions —

For every Thousand of Injh Bricks, smoothed or polished on one or more Side or Sides, not exceeding the superficial Dimensions of ten Inches long by five Inches wide -

For every Hundred of such last mentioned Bricks, exceeding the said Dimensions

For every Thoufimd of Irish Plain Tiles -

For every Thousand of Irish Pan or Ridge Tiles -

For every Hundred of Irjjfb Paving Tiles, not exceeding ten Inches Square -

For every Hundred of Irish Paving Tiles, exceeding ten Inches Square -

For every Thousand of Irish Tiles, other than such as are herein-before enumerated and described, by whatsoever Name or Names such Tiles are or may be called or known -

050 o 10 a

oi*o

The Duties on Paving Tiles.*-

O 4 10

O 12 iO O25 o 4 i a*

0 4 10

CYDER AND PERRY.

For every Hogshead, confiding of sixty-three Gallons English Wine Measure, of Irt/h Cyder and Perry, which shall be imported as Merchandize, or for Sale, or which shall be sent or consigned to any Factor or Agent to sell or dispose of - I o

HOPS.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Hops -

MEAD OR METHEGLIN. For every Gallon of Irish Metheglin or Mead -

VELLUM AND PARCHMENT. For every Dozen of Irish Vellum -

For every Dozen of Irish Parchment -

0 0 2$ Ol6

0*6

019

PAPER.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Paper of the (ird Class or Denomination; (that is to say), 4ill Paper other than Brown Paper made of old Ropes or Cordage only, without separating or extracting the Pitch or Tar, or any Part, therefrom, and without any Mixture of.other Materials therewith, and not being Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hot Preffers, or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, or Button Board — — — O O

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Paper of the second Class or Denomination; (that

13 to say, ) all Brown Paper made of old Ropes or Cordage only as aforesaid — — O O 1$

For every one Hundred Weight of Irish Paileboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper

for Clothiers and Hot PreiTers - I 1 O

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Books, whether bound or unbound, and of Maps or Prints, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland -

003

SPIRITS

SCHEDULE (B.) — Duties. (C.) — Allowances*

SPIRITS BRITISH. £.. i*

For every Gallon, EngR/b Wine Merfure, of Spirits, Aqua Vit*, or Strong Waters, which shall be (Milled or made in Ireland, and imported into Great Britain, at a Strength not exceeding one to ten over Hydrometer Proof - 054

For and upon all such Spirits above the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, a Duty in Proportion to the last mentioned Duty; and for and upon all such of the said Spirits as shall be sweetened or compounded, a like Duty computed upon the highell Degree of Strength, A proportional at which such Spirits can be made - j Dmy.

WIRE.

For every Ounce Troy of Irish Gilt Wire - 0010

For every Ounce Troy of Irtjfa Silver Wire - 007

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Gold Thread, Gold Lace, or Gold Fringe made of Plate Wire, spun upon Silk - 07$

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois, of Irish Silver Thread, Silver Lace, or Silver Fringe made of Plate Wire, spun upon Silk - 0 5 91

SCHEDULE C.

ALLOWANCES, BOUNTIES, AND DRAWBACKS OF EXCISE.

ALLOWANCES.

PAPER.

For all such Glazed or other Ptefs Pfcpers made in Great Britain, for Clothiers and Hot Preflfers* as shall be actually and bond jide used, employed, and consumed in the pressing of Woollen Cloths'and Stuffs in Great Britain - The whole Duty*

For all Paper made in Great Britain, of the first Class or Denomination, which shall be used in the printing of any Books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental, or Northern Languages, or in the printing of Bibles, Testaments, Psalm Books, Books of Common Prayer, and Confession of raith, and the Larger and Shorter Catechism, or any of them, within the two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or either of them, by Permission of the Vice-Chancellors of the same respectively; or which shall be used in the printing of any Books in the Latin, Greek,

Oriental, or Northern Languages, within the Universities of Scotland, or any of them, by Permission of the Principals of the same respectively; or which shall be used by the King's.

Printers in England and Scotland respectively, in the printing of Bibles, Testaments, Psalm Books, Books of Common Prayer of the Church of England, the Book commonly called or known in Scotland by the Name of the Confession of Faith, or the Larger or Shorter Catechism of the Church of Scotland - The whole Duty*

SALT.

For every Bushel of Salt, of English Manufacture, which shall be used, employed, spent, and consumed by any Bleacher of Linen or Cotton, in that Part of Great Britain called England, in the making of Oxigenated Muriatic Acid, for the sole Purpose of bleaching Linen or Cotton, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, deducing at the Rate of seven and an Half for Centum in consequence of the Incresue in the Weight of the Salt, by the Moishire of the Air - a 10 a

For every Bushel of Salt which shall be used, employed, spent, and consumed by any Bleacher of Linen or Cotton, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in the making of Oxigenated Muriatic Acid, for the sole Purpose of bleaching Linen or Cotton, and (o in Proportion: for any greater or lef3 Quantity, dedncting at the Kate of seven and an Half per Centum, in consequence of the Increase in the Weight of the Salt, by the Moisture of the Air — 040

SOAP.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hard Cake Soap, or Ball Soap, made in Great Britain, which shall be used, employed, spent, and consumed in Great Britain, in the making of any Cloths, Serges, Kerseys, Bays, Stockings, or other Manufactures of Sheep or Lamb's Wool only, or Manufactures whereof the greatest Part of the Value of the Materials shall be Wool, or in the finHhing of the said Manufactures, or preparing the Wool for the same — — 0 O l|

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Soft Soap made in Great Britain, which shall be used, employed, spent, and consumed in Great Britain, in the making of any Cloths, Serges, Bays,

Stockings, or other Manufactures of Sheep or Lamb's Wool only, or Manufactures whereof the greatest Part of the Value of the Materials shall be Wool, or in the finishing of the said Manufactures, or preparing the Wool for the feme - o o t

8 Soapy

A.D. 1803.

862

C. 69. 43° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (C.) — Allowances. — Bounties.

Soap, continued.

For every Pound height Avoirdupois of hard Cake Soap, or Ball Soap, made in Great Britain, which shall be used, employed, spent, and consumed in Great Britain, in the whitening of new Linen in the Piece, for Sale -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of soft Soap, which shall be used, employed, spent, and consumed in Great Britain, in the whitening of new Linen in the Piece, for Sale —

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Soap made in Great Britain, which shall be used, employed, spent, and consumed in Great Britain, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, in preparing and finishing any Manufactures from Flax or Cotton, for Sale (except such as shall be used in whitening new Linen in the Piece, in order to the Sale thereof) -

STARCH.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Starch made in Great Britain, which shall be used, employed, spent, and consumed in Great Britain, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, in preparing and finishing any Manufactures from Flax or Cotton, for Sale, except such as shall be used in finishing new Linen in the Piece, for Sale, as herein after mentioned -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Starch made in Great Britain, which shall be used, employed, spent, and consumed in Great Britain as aforesaid, in finiffiing new Linen in the Piece, for Sale -

001 { o o oj

O O 0}

If'

o o ii

003

wine.

For any Sort of Wines shipped for the Use of Admirals, Captains, or other Commissioned Officers employed in his Majesty's Service, for their actual Consumption on board such of his Majesty's Ships as they shall serve in, at such Ports, in such Quantities, and in such Manner as is provided by Law - All the Duties.

BOUNTIES.

BEER.

For every Barrel of Beer or Ale, above sixteen Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duty imposed on such Beer or Ale, brewed in Great Britain from malted Corn, whereupon the Duties for Strong Beer or Ale shall be proved to have been charged or paid, and which shall be duly exported to foreign Parts as Merchandize, when Barley is at twenty-four Shillings per Quarter or under -

SALT.

For every one Hundred Weight of dried Cod Fish, Ling, or Hake, commonly called Haberdine, which shall contain in Length fourteen Inches or upwards, from the Bone in the Fin to the third Joint in the Tail of every such Fish, and which shall be duly exported to foreign Parts For every Barrel of wet Cod Fish, Ling, or Hake, containing thirty-two Gallons, which shall be duly exported to foreign Parts.

For every Barrel of Salmon, containing forty-two Gallons, which shall be duly exported to foreign Parts -

For every Barrel of White Herrings, containing thirty-two Gallons, which shall be duly exported to foreign Parts, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four -

For every Barrel of full Red Herrings, containing thirty-two Gallons, which shall be duly exported to foreign Parts -

For every Barrel of clean (hotten Red Herrings, containing thirty-two Gallons, which shall be

duly exported to foreign Parts -

For every Last, confiding of ten thousand dried Red Sprats, which shall be duly exported to foreign Parts -

For every Cask or Vessel of Pilchards or Scads, containing fifty Gallons, which shall be duly

exported to foreign Parts -

For every such Calk or Vessel of Pilchards so exported, until and upon the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and five, over and besides the aforesaid Sum of seven Shillings -

For all Pilchards Which shall be duly shipped and exported directyto any of the British West* India I (lands, or to any Port or-Place in the Mediterranean, - in Calks of thirty-two Gallons or upwards, a Bounty in due Proportion to the Bounty or Bounties by this Act payable for Pil- r cnards exported to foreign Parts, in Calks containing fifty Gallons — — J

For every Barrel of Beef or Pork, containing thirty-two Gallons, which shall have been salted in that Part of Great Britain called England, with Salt that shall have paid all the Duties due and payable thereon in England, and which shall be duly exported to foreign Parts —

For every Barrel of Beef or Pork, of thirty-two Gallons, which shall have been salted in Scotland, with foreign Salt that shall have paid all the Duties due and payable thereon, without any Mixture of British or Irish Salt, and which shall be duly exported to foreign Parts —

- 0X0

030 0 2 0 04 6

028 019 010 o 10 070

- 016

A proportional Bouncy.

- O50

050

draw.

A.D. 1803, 43° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (C.) — Drawbacks.

DRAWBACKS.

BEER.

For every Barrel of Beer or Ale brewed or made in Great Britain, above sixteen Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duty imposed on Beer or Ale, and not being Two-penny Ale, mentioned and described in the seventh Article of the Treaty of Union with Scotland\ for which the Duty on ltrong Beer or Ale shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported to foreign Parts as Merchandize, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity —

BRICKS AND TILES.

For all Bricks and Tiles respectively made in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported to foreign Parts as Merchandize -

CANDLES.

For all Candles made in Great Britain of Tallow or other Materials than Wax or Spermaceti, and of Wax or Spermaceti Candles, or Candles usually called or sold for Wax or Spermaceti Candles, made in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported to foreign Parts as Merchandize -

CHOCOLATE.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Chocolate made in Great Britain of Cocoa Nuts, which shall have been imported into Great Britain, and for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts —

CYDER AND PERRY.

For every Hogshead of Cyder or Perry made in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed in respect of such Cyder and Perry -

GLASS.

For every Square Foot Superficial Measure of Plate Glass made in Great Britain, from Materials or Metal or other Preparations, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity -

For every Hundred Weight of Flint Glass or Enamel, Stained or Paste Glass, or Phial Glass, made in Great Britain from Materials or Metal or other Preparations, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity -

For every Hundred Weight of Spread Window Glass, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glass, made in Great Britain from Materials or Metal or other Preparations, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported to foreign Parts as Merchandize, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity* -

For every Hundred Weight of all other Window Glass, not being Spread Glass, whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glass or of German Sheet Glass, made in Great Britain from Materials or Metal, or other Preparations, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity —

For every Hundred Weight of common Bottles, not being Pnials, and of VefleTs made UTe of in Chemical Laboratories, and of Garden Glafies, and of all other Vessels or Utensils of common Bottle Metal, made in Great Britain from Materials or Metal or other Preparations, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported to foreign Parts as Merchandize, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity -

HIDES AND SKINS.

For all Hide3 and Calve Skins, Sheep and Lamb Skins, and Seal Skins, tanned or tawed in Great Britain, and duly marked, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have I been paid, and which shall be duly exported to foreign Parts as Merchandize -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Leather tanned in Great Britain, and chargeable by this Act to pay a Duty by Weight, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares, and duly exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts - '

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Boots, Shoes, Gloves, or other Manufactures made in Great Britain, of any Kind of tawed Leather chargeable by this Act to pay a Duty by Weight,

C. 69.

£ a

o 13 II All the Duties.

All' the Duties. O O TC

All the Duties. O 2

236

0 8 1

199

o 4

I Two Thirds [of the Duties.

o © ii Hide*

A.D. 1803.

C. 69. 43° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (C.) — Drawbacks*

Hides and Skins, continued.

for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly c Two Thirds of exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts - \ the Duties*

For every Pound Weight of all Buck, Deer, or Elk Skins dressed in Oil in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, whether manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares or not, and duly exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts - Old

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Sheep and Lamb Skins dressed in Oil in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares, and duly exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts - 003

For every Pound Weight of all other Skins and of all Hides dressed in Oil in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares, and duly exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts - e — — 006

For every Pound Weight of all other Skins, except Lamb Skins, and of all Hides dressed in Oil

in Great Britain, and duly marked, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have c Two Third* o( been paid, and which shall be exported as Merchandize to oreign Parts — — {the Duties,

HOPS.'

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hops growing or to grow, and cured and made fit for Use in Great Britain, on which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been duly charged, and which shall be exported as Merchandize to the Isle of Man, until the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four - All the Duties.

PAPER.

For all Paper made in Great Britain, for which th^ Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts — — All the Dudes.

For every one Hundred Weight of* Pasteboard made in Great Britain of Paper for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid; and for every one Hundred Weight of Millboard and Scaleboard made in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect of such Millboard and Scaleboard respectively shall have been paid, and duly exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity — I I O

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Books in perfect and complete Sets, or if periodical Publications, in perfect Parts or Numbers, and of blank, plain, or ruled Account Books, whether bound or unbound, made of, or printed or ruled on Paper of the first Class or Denomination, the Duties in respect whereof shall have been paid, for which Books no Drawback or Allowance whatever shall have been paid, received, or obtained, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts - 003

PRINTED GOODS.

For every Yard Square of Paper printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain, for Hangings or other Uses, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts — — — The whole Duly.

For all Linens, Stuffs, Fustians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, figured Stuffs, Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool wove in Great Britain, commonly called British Manufactory, Calicoes, and Mullins, and all Silk Handkerchiefs printed, stained, painted, or dyed; and for all Silks printed, stained, or painted in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respeCk thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts - All the Duties*

SALT. '

For every Bushel of Salt made in that Part of Great Britain called England, Rock Salt excepted, for which all the Duties due and payable thereon shall have been paid, and which shall be duly

exported from thence to foreign Parts as Merchandize -

For every Bushel of Salt made in Scotland, Rock Salt excepted, for which all the Duties due and payable thereon shall have been paid, and which shall be <\, uly exported from thence as

Merchandize to foreign Parts -

For every Bushel of Salts, known or called by the Name of Glauhcr or F.pjom Salts, made or produced in Great Britain, for which all the Duties due and payable thereon shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported to foreign Parts as Merchandize -

o 10 o 040

OIOO

SOAP.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of hard Cake Soap, or Ball Soap, or of soft Soap, made in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts -

All the

STARCH.

SCHEDULE (C.) — Daawsac*.

STARCH. £.ud.

Tor every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Starch made in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts - The whole Dutf,

TEA.

For all Teas for which the Duties imposed inrefpc£l thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize aire&ly from the Warehouses in which the same shall have been lodged according to Law upon the Importation thereof to Ireland, of his Majesty's Plantations or Settlements in America, or the United States of America, or to the Klands of Jersey or Guernsey, or to Gibraltar, or to any Port or Place on the Continent of Europe where there shall be a British Consul resident for the Protection of Trade, or to Africa — All the Duties.

TOBACCO.

For every Pound Weight of Short-cut Tobacco, manufactured at any of the Ports of Great Britain into which Tobacco may lawfully be imported, or within two Miles thereof, from Tobacco for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and exported as Merchandize by the Manufacturer thereof, from such Ports to foreign Parts — — O O 4

For every Pound Weight of Shag Tobacco so manufactured and exported — — 003!

For every Pound Weight of Roll Tobacco so manufactured and exported — — 004

For every Pound Weight of Carrot Tobacco so manufactured and exported — — 003}

N.B. Tobacco exported is also entitled to other Drawbacks out of the annual Duty by Act for continuing the Duties on Pensions, Offices, £sV.

wine.

For every Tun of French Wine imported into Great Britain, for which all the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize from or out of the entered Stock of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of French Wine, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity — — — 44 2 o

For every Tun of any other Wines imported into Great Britain, for which all the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as aforesaid as Merchandize to foreign Parts, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity — 29 8 O

WIRE.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Gold Thread, Gold Lace, or Gold Fringe, made of Plate Wire spun upon Silk, such Plate Wire being made of Gilt Wire made in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity — 078

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Silver Thread, Silver Lace, or Silver Fringe, made of Plate Wire spun upon Silk, such Plate Wire being made of Silver Wire made in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity — — 05 9

CAP. LXX.

An Act for granting to his Majesty, during the present War, and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on die Importation and Exportation of certain GoodSj Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain.

[4th July 1803.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the Supplies to defray the Expences

of the just and necessary War in which your Majesty is engaged, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give

and grant to your Majesty the several new and additional Duties herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of fuly One thousand eight hundred and three, there shall be raised, levied, colle£led, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in ready Money (exctqrt as herein after is provided), without any Discount whatever, upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported or brought into Great Britain from Parts beyond the Seas, and upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize exported from Great Britain, and upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize brought or carried coastwise, or from Port to Port within Great Britain, and upon Ships or VeJTeh according to the Tonnage thereof, entering inwards or outwards at any Port within Great Britain, the several new and additional Duties of Customs as the same are respectively inserted, described, and set forth ft Figures in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked A., B., ana C.; and that there shall also be paid or aL lowed the fevrral Drawbacks of the said Duties of Customs as the same are also respectively inserted, de*

43 Geo. III. 5 S feribed,

Fcn*n July 5*

1803, there (hats bepaidthf a<VH> tional Duties in Tablet A., fl., and C., and the Drawbacks allowed at in Table A,

i

Said Duties shall not extend to Wine [Sfe c. 8r.J, Tea, and certain other Article*

Duties may be iecu rerl by Bond.

Duties dial] not extend to Bullion and ceitaiu other Ai tides.

Tonnage Duties on Vessels according to Table C.

Additional Bounty on Exportation of Refined Sugar, at the Rate of 20I, per Cent, on former Bounty.

[ See as to Ire-iaiti, c. 154.]

Duties shall be paid into the Ex-<he<ji»er, and the Account to be kept separute.

Duties shall be applied to futh Services as Rail be voted by the House of Com-

C. 70. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

(bribed, and set forth in Figures in the said Table marked A. $ any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the new and additional Duties of Customs, granted by this Act, shall not be charged or payable on any Wine, on any Tea, or on any Fir Timber eight Inches square, and not exceeding ten Inches square, of the Growth of Norway, and imported directly from thence, nor on any Deals above seven Inches in Width, being eight Feet in Length and not above ten Feet in Length, and not exceeding one Inch and a Half in Thickness, nor on any Military Stores exported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

ic Said Duties shall be payable on all Goods (except imported by the East India Company) not entered, and 9€ on which the former Duties have not been paid, or secured by Bond, though imported before July 5; — u but not if the Duties shall have been secured by Bond, §3, 4. Said Duties shall be payable on Goods " remaining in Warehouses under his Majesty's Locks on July 5, when taken out for Home Consumption, u $ 5. Said Duties shall be payable on all Goods imported by, or remaining in the Warehouses of, the " East India Company, (Tea and Wine excepted, ) which shall be sold at their publick Sales after £aid

" J*ly 5> § «"

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the whole or any Part of the Duties of Customs due on the Importation or Exportation of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, are permitted to be secured by Bond by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Time of such Importation or Exportation, the new and additional Duties of Customs granted by this Act may, in like Manner, and under the same Rules, Regulations, restrictions, and Conditions, be permitted to be secured by Bond: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the new or additional Duties of Customs hereby granted, any Bullion, or any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes exported from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, by virtue and uncler the Authority of any Licence which the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland, or any three or more of them respectively, are or may be by Law authorized and empowered to grant, nor any Cotton Yarn, or other Cotton Manufacture, being of the Manufacture of Great Britain, nor any Refined Sugar or Melasses, nor any Sort of Craft, Food, Victuals, Clothing, or Implements or Materials fit and necessary for the British Fisheries established in the Island of Newfoundland, or in any of his Majesty's Colonies, Islands, or Plantations in North America, exported from Great Britain to the said Colonies, Islands, or Plantations.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Duties on Ships and Vessels, according to the Tonnage thereof, entering inwards or outwards at any Port within Great Britain from or to Foreign Parts, as the lame are respectively infevted, described, and set forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, marked C. (except as in this Act is provided).

i( Tonnage Duties shall be paid on every Voyage, and shall be computed according to their Register, or other-M wife, as under 26 G. 3. c. 60. [_See c. 68. of this Session, §28.]; and shall be payable on Vessels not reported u on or before July c, — §9. Tonnage Duties shall not extend to Fishing Vessels not entering outwards,

t nor to British Vessels not required to be registered; nor to any Vessel in Ballast only, §10. — §8. and " 25.0/C. 68.]"

XI. 4 And whereas it is expedient, that an additional Bounty should be paid and allowed on the Exportation

from Great Britain, of Refined Sugar, produced from Sugar of the British Plantations, or from Sugar imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and on which Sugar the c Duties of Customs payable thereon shall have been duly paid; be it therefore enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed on the Exportation from Great Britain, of any such Refined Sugar, an additional Bounty, to be calculated at and after the Rate of twenty Pounds for every one hundred Pounds in Money, on the Produce and Amount of whatever Bounty may be due and payable on any such Refined Sugar respectively, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Time of the Exportation thereof: Provided always, that all additional Bounty shall not be paid and allowed, unless all the Rules, Regulations, restrictions, and Conditions, required by Law, withfefpedt to Bounties due and payable on any Refined Sugar, shall have been fully and duly complied with.

" Duties shall be under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs, §12. Duties and

Drawbacks under this Act shall be levied, &c. as former Duties, &V. unless hereby altered. — Pains of Death, u &c. in former Revenue Laws extended to this Act, §13. [Sw §45. of c. 68.] Provisions of Acts in force 4i for ascertaining Value of Goods, &c. shall continue and extend to this Act, unless hereby altered, {14.

" $46.^68.]"

XV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the new and additional Duties of Customs, and the Duties of Tonnage granted by this Act (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, diilindlly and apart from all other Branches of the publick Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, In which all the Monies arising from the said respective Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever, f

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the said Duties, (the necessary Charges of jailing and accounting for the same excepted, ) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Ma-

{'efty's Exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the publick Revenues; and that there shall >e provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in

8 which

'which all the Monies anting from the said respective Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall "be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever; and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt shall, from Time to Time, as the same shall be paid into the said Receipt, be issued and applied to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and three, or shall be voted by the said Commons for the Service of any subsequent Year, and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

" Limitation of Actions for Matters done under this Act, three Months. — Venue in the County. — General 4t Issue. — Treble Costs. — §17

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties granted by this Act shall continue in force during the present War, and for six Months after the Expiration thereof, by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty^ of Peace.

" Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §19."

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

TABLE A.

A TABLE of New and Additional Duties of Customs, payable on the Importation into Great Britain, of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated or described, not being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies

Also, of New and Additional Duties of Customs, payable on the Exportation from Great Britain, of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated or described

Likewise, of New arid Additional Duties of Customs, payable on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated or described, brought or carried coastwise, or from Port to Port within Great Britain.

INWARDS.

Duty.

Drawback.

Copper unwrought, viz,

- Copper Bricks, Rose Copper, and all Cast Copper, the cwt. an additional Duty of

Cotton Wool, viz.

- of the Growth or Production of Turkey, of any Part of the United

States of America, or of any of the British Colonies or Plantations, the oolbs. an additional Duty of -

- of the Growth or Production of any other Country or Place, the

1 oolbs. an additional Duty of -

Sugar, for every/*. 100 of the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs due and payable thereon, an additional Duty of

Drawback.

For every ^.100 of she Produce and Amount of the Drawbacks of the Duties of Customs, allowed on the Exportation thereof, an additional Drawback of This additional Duty on British Plantation Sugar may be secured by Bond, in like Manner as the other Duty on such Sugar; and for the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively are authorized to take Bond, See 39 & 40 Gc<\ 3. c. 48. 41 Geo. 3. c. 44. 42 Geo. 3. c. 47. 43 Geo. 3. c. 44. See also the Act to which this Table is annexed.

All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, (except as herein after mentioned, ) for every £. ico of the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs due and payable thereon, an additional Duty of -

Except,

- Tea.

- Wine.

- Wood, viz.

- Deals above seven Inches in Width, being eight Feet in Length

and not above ten Feet in Length, and not exceeding one and a Half Inch in Thickness.

- Fir Timber, being eight Inches Square and not exceeding ten Inches Square, of the Growth of Norway, and imported dixcftly from thence.

5 Sa

£ d.

046

084

o 12 6

I

20 o o

£- '

20 O O

12 10 O

OUT*

867

mons, for the Year 1803, or subsequent Years.

Contimiance of

Duties.

(The War.)

8<>8

C. 70. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

TABLE (A.) Duty.

OUTWARDS. £. 1. d.

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, ndt being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of Great Britain, for every £. ioo of the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs due and payable on the Exportation thereof, an additional Duty of — — — 12 10 O

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain,

(except as herem-^fter mentioned, ) exported to any Part of Europe, or to any Port or Place within the Streights of Gibraltar, for every ^.100 of the true and real Value thereof, an additional Duty of — — -f- — - — ioo

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain,

(except as herein after mentioned, ) exported to any Port pr Place whatever, not being in Europe or within the Streights of Gibraltar, or within the Limits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for every £.ioo of the true and

real Value thereof, an additional Du tv of - 300

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, (except as herein after mentioned, ) exported to any Port or Place whatever, being within the Limits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for every £.100 of the true and real Value thereof — — — 4 O 0

Except,

- Bullion.

- Cotton Yarn, or other Cotton Manufactures, being of the Manufacture of Great Britain.

- Sugar refined in Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly refined, and all Refined

Sugar called Bastard, and ground or powdered Sugar, and refined Loaf Sugar brdkc in Pieces, and all Sugar called Candy and Metafiles.

- Any Sort of Craft, Food, Victuals, Cloathing, or Implements, or Materials fit and

necessary for the British Fisheries established in the Island of Newfoundland or in any of his Majesty's Colonies, Islands, or Plantations in North America, exported from Great Britain to the said Colonies, Islands, or Plantations.

- Goods, Wares, or Merchandize exported from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, by virtue and under the Authority of any Licence which the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland, or any three or more of them respectively, are or may be by Law authorized and empowered to grant.

- Military Stores exported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to

the East Indies.

COASTWISE.

Goods, Wa|*es, and Merchandize brought or carried coastwise, or from Port to Port within* Great Britain, for every £. 100 of the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs due and payable thereon, an additional Duty of - I 2

NOTE.

Coals, videlicet,

- brought coastwise, or from any Port or Place to any other Port or Place within Great Britain.

The additional Duty on such Coals may be secured by Bond in like Manner as the other Duties on Coals; and for the Conditions, Regulations, and Restriction* under which those Duties may he secured, fee 27 Geo. 3. c. 33.

- used for smelting Copper and Tin Ores within the Counties of Cornwall and Dev'n, or which shall be used in Fire Engines for the draining Water out of the Mines of Tin and Copper within the County of Cornwall.

The additional Duty on such Coals shall be repaid in like Manner as the other Duties on Coals so used; and for the Conditions, Regulations, and restrictions under which those Duties shall be so repaid, fee9 Ann c. 6. 14 Geo. 2. c. 41.

- used in calcining or smelting Copper and Lead Ores within the Isle of Anglesey, or which shall be used in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mints of Copper and Lead within the said Isle.

The additional Duty on Coals so used shall be repaid in like Manner as the other Duties on such Coals are dire died to be allowed by any Act or Acts of Parliament whatever; and for the Conditions, Regulations, and restrictions, under which those Duties shall be so repaid, fee 26 Geo. 3. c. 7 04.

- used for any Purpose relating to carrying on the Works for the manufactureing of Ttn

Plates, and for other Purposes at Pennygored in the County of Pembroke, called the Pennygored Woil^s.

In Addition to the Allowance of the other Duties now repaid on Coals so used, provided the Amount of those Duties shall not exceed £.toco in any one Year, the additional Duty on such Amount shall alfu be repaid in like Manner, and under the like Conditions, Regulations, and Rdlr^lions j fee 35 Geo. 3. c. 39.

i

40 o

Cinders*

TABLE (A.) — Coastwise.

Cinders, Coals, and Culm, shipped coastwise, at any Port in Great Britain, and delivered in any

Part beyond the Seas, before the Duties due on the Exportation thereof shall have been paid.

The additional Duty on such Cinders, Coals, and Culm, shall be repaid in like Manner as the other Duties on Cinders, Coals, and Culm, so shipped and delivered; and for the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which the said Duties shall be so repaid, fee 25 Geo. 3. c. 54.

TABLE B.

A TABLE of New and Additional Duties of Customs, payable on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated or described, imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

Duty. Drawback*

Cotton Wool, the ioolbs., an additional Duty of — — — Sugar, for every £.100 of the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs due and payable thereon, an additional Duty of — ' — — £ 084 20 O O £. dr

tft ft.

Drawback. For every of the Produce and Amount of the Drawback of the Duties of Customs allowed on the Exportation thereof, an additional Drawback of — All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, (except Tea and Wine, ) for every £.100 of the Produce and Amount of the Duties or Customs due and payable thereon, an additional Duty of -

12 IO O v/ V

TABLE C.

A TABLE of New and Additional Tonnage Duties, payable on Ships and Vessels entering inwards or outwards (except in Ballast), in any Port of Great Britain from or to Foreign Parts.

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in Ballast), JT. s. d. from or to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sari, Alderney, or Alan, the Greenland Seas, or the Southern Whale Fishery - 006

For every Toil Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in Ballast),

from or to any Port or Place within the Streights of Gibraltar — — — 010

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in Ballast), from or to any Port or Place in Russia, or within the Baltic Sea — — 010

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in Ballast),

from or to any Port or Place in Europe - 010

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in Ballast), from or to any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies — — — O 3 o

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in Ballast),

from or to the Cape of Good Hope - 026

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in Ballast),

from or to any Port or Place in Africa, not otherwise enumerated or described — — o 1 o-

For ever)' Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in Ballast), from or to the Island of Newfoundland, the Islands oi Cape Breton, or St. John, or the Coast of Labrador - O06

For every Ton Burthen of ever)' Ship or Vessel Entering inwards or outwards (except in Ballast), from or to any Port or Place in the United States of America, any British Island, Colony, or Plantation in America, or any other Part of America, not otherwise enumerated or described o I o

CAT. LXXL

An Act for augmenting the Number of Field Officers and other Officers of Militia within Great Britain.

[4th July 1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Number of Field Officers and other Officers for the Command of the several Regiments, Battalions, or Corps of Militia within Great Britain should be encreased as the 1 Exigency of the Service may require may it therefore please your. Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by any Order signified by his Majesty's Secretary of State, at any Time mayVirr&'thft

3 during bumber of

Ouiceii in Mi-

870

litia Regiments, &c. to be augmented.

Field Officers shall not exceed the Numbers and Ranks herein mentioned.

Lieutenants of Counties, Sec. shall do all Acts necessary for making such Augmentation of Officers. Officers shall be entitled to Pay.

Reduction of Officers shall take place from the youngest of -each Rank.

Reduced Officers (being qualified as under 42 G. 3, c. 90, 91.) may succeed to Vacancies.

Second Adjutant may have Brevet Rank of Lieutenant.

Certain annual Allowances specified.be (ides their Pay during annual Exercise, shall be made to Lieutenants, Surgeons, and Ensigns.

Exceptions.

C.^i, 72. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

during the present War, to direct the Number of Officers in any Regiment, Battalion, orgCorps of Militia in actual Service* to be augmented by the Appointment of such Officers and of such Rank, respectively, as the Exigency of the Service may require.

IU Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Field Officers of such Regiments or Battalions shall in no Case exceed the respective Numbers and Ranks following, that is to say, in any Regiment consisting (by Establishment) of not less than one thousand Rank and File, one Colonel, two Lieutenant Colonels, and two Majors; and in any Regiment or Battalion consisting (by Establishment) of not less than seven hundred and fifty Rank and File, one Colonel, one Lieutenant Colonel, and two Majors; and that no Field Officer shall be added to any Corps consisting (by Establishment) of a less Number of Rank and File than seven hundred and fifty, except in the Case herein after specified: Provided also nevertheless, that in case the Colonel of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, consisting of not less than four hundred and eighty private Men, shall be employed on publick Duty out of Great Britain, an additional-Major may be appointed to such Regiment or Battalion, to serve therewith during the Absence from Great Britain of such Colonel as aforesaid.

III. And be it Further enacted, That the Lieutenants, and also the Deputy Lieutenants, authorized to act in the Stead of the Lieutenants upon the Vacancy of the Office or Absence of the Lieutenants of the several Counties, Ridings, and Places in Great Britain, shall proceed forthwith, in pursuance of his Majesty's Orders, to do all such Acts as shall be necessary for the Purpose of making such Augmentation of Field Officers and other Officers as aforesaid; and the Persons who shall be so appointed Field Officers and other Officers of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia in pursuance of this Act, shall be entitled to such Pay during Service, and to all other Emoluments and Advantages as the Field Officers and other Officers of Militia now appointed of the samejlank respectively, are by Law entitled unto; any Thing in any Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall be judged expedient to reduce the Number of Field Officers or of other Officers in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, the Reduction of Officers shall take place from the youngest of each Rank respectively; and that in case any Officer being duly qualified according to the Directions of an Act passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending the JLaws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia. or of another Act passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act to rakfe and establisj a Militia Force in Scotland, shall he so reduced, Inch Officer shall, notwithstanding such Reduction, be competent to succeed to any Vacancy which may occur in such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, of an equal Rank with that which such Officer filled at the Time such Reduction took place, or may fall back again into the Post he quitted on his Promotion, at his Option, preserving his Rank in the general Line of the Militia.

V. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where it may be found necessary to appoint a Second Adjutant to any Regiment of Militia, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Militia shall belong, to grant to such Second Adjutant, unless his Majesty shall disapprove the fame, the Rank of Lieutenant by Brevet.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied.

[4th July 1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make some Addition to the Pay of certain Subaltern Officers of the Mi- TV litia Forces in Great Britain while disembodied, under certain Regulations; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the following annual Allowances, over and above the Pay to which the^ are now by Law entitled, during the Time of annual Exercise, shall be made and paid to the Amount, under the Restrictions, and in the Manner herein after expressed, to every Subaltern Officer now bearing a Commission and serving in the Militia of Great Britain, who shall continue faithfully to serve in the same Corps, or w ho previously to the Expiration of three Months from the passing of this Act, shall be duly appointed to a Commission, and shall continue faithfully to serve in the embodied Militia, and in the same Corps until the disembodying thereof; (that is to say), to a Lieutenant ora Surgeon twenty-five Pounds eighteen Shillings and Sixpence, being at the Rate of one Shilling and Five-pence per Diem for three hundred and sixty-six Days; and to an Ensign twenty-one Pounds seven Shillings, being at the Rate of one Shilling and Two-pence per Diem for three hundred and sixty-six Days: Provided always, that all such Officers of the Militia as are now serving with the Rank of Captain Lieutenant, shall be deemed to be Lieutenants for the Purposrs of this Act.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person who is or shall, during the Continuance of this Act, become possessed of such an Estate or Income, as would by Law qualify him to hold the Commission of Captain of a Company in the Militia, or who is or shall be appointed Adjutant or Battalion Clerk in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, nor any Person deriving in any Way whatsoever, otherwise than as a Subaltern Officer or Surgeon of the Militia, any Income, Stipend, or Allowance whatever from the Public, nor any Officer on the full or half Pay of the Navy, Army, or Marines, who shall also hold a Subaltern's or Surgeon's Commission, and have served as aforesaid in the Militia, shall have or be in any wise entitled to the said annual Allowances, or any Part or Share thereof; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 72. 871

III. And be it farther enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and Surgeons of the Militia, who shall claim Subalterns and under the Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said annual Allowances, shall, previous to receiving Surgeons shall the fame, and in order to entitle themselves thereto, take and subscribe an Oath before some one of his Majesty's the Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, to which the Regiment, Battalion, owln*

Coips, or Independent Company in which they serve shall belong, in the Words or to the Effect following; ( videlicet, )

c t A.B. do swear, That I belonged to the of Militia when the feme was disembodied, and that I Ouch*

4 Jl have continued to serve therein from that Time until the Day of inclusive, as a [Captain-

Lieutenant, Lieutenant, Ensign, or Surgeon, as the Case may be], and that I was not in my own Right, or in Right of my Wife, duiing the said Period, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of such an annual Value above Reprizes, as would qualify me to hold a Commission of Captain of a Company in the Militia; that I have not, during the above Period, held the Appointment of Adjutant or Battalion Clerk in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia; that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did or has any Person for me hold or enjoy, or held or enjoyed, during the said Period, any Office or Income what foe ver from the Publick, except my Pay as»

for the Period of the Corps having assembled to be trained and exercised; and that I was not

entitled, during the said Period, cither to the full or "half Pay of the Navy, Army, or Marines*

'So help me God..'

Which Oath, so taken and subscribed, shall be by the said Justice forthwith certified and transmitted, and he Justices /ball' is hereby required to certify and transmit the same to the Receiver General of the Land Tax of the County, transnrm Oaths Riding, or Place, to which the Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company of Militia, in which 10 the Receiver-such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon shall be then serving, shall belong, if in England, or to the Receiver General £ndIVuf^for Scotland, if in Scotland, to be by him filed and preserved for the Purposes herein after mentioned. x*

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Subaltern Officer and Surgeon of the Militia who shall be Subalterns and entitled, or claim to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall regularly attend the annual Exercise and auend°che^ual' Training of the Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company to which he belongs, during the Exercise* on"U*Whole of the Time by Law appointed for that Purpose, and shall, during the said Time, punctually do and Pain of forfeiting: perform his Duty as a Subaltern Officer or Surgeon of such Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Allowance and Company, on Pain of forfeiting the said annual Allowance, as well as the Rest of his Pay, and every Part pa7* thereof which may be due for the current Year, in which he shall neglect, or refuse to attend; and Certificates Certificates of of his having so attended and performed his Duty, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Attendance Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company to which he may belong, shall be transmitted by the feicl Com- mhted l!vThe manding Officer to the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place to which the said Regiment, Commanding Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company of Militia shall belong, and also to the Receiver General of such Officer to the County, Riding, or Place, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland, if in Scotland r Provided' Lieutenant and always, that in case any such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon, claiming to be entitled to such annual Allowance,

shall by his Commanding Officer be permitted or funered, for any special Cause or unavoidable Necessity, County*to be absent during the Whole or any Part of any such annual Exercise, in which Case it shall be lawful for^Leave of such Commanding Officer to grant such Leave of Absence, and for such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon who Absence^the may be so permitted to be absent, to demand and receive the said annual Allowance, and every Part thereof, Reason thereof in like Manner as if he had attended during the Whole of the said annual Exercise, the Reftfons for such shall be mferted Absence, as well as the Duration thereof, shall be carefully and truly specified in Certificates (in lieu of thosen a Certificate^ before mentioned) to be signed by the Commanding Officer, and to be transmitted as soon as conveniently may be to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, to which the Regiment, Battalion

Corps, or Independent Company wherein such Subaltern of Surgeon shall be serving, shall belong, and also to the Receiver General of the same County, Riding, or Place, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland, if in Scotland.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Though Militia Company of Militia, after the disembodying thereof, and before the respective Days herein after fixed for the half-yearly Payment of the said annual Allowances, shall not be called out for the annual Exercise and Training ctfeThe Sub!*" thereof, every Subaltern Officer and Surgeon belonging to any such Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent alterns and Company, and coming within the Descriptions of this Act, who shall have taken and subscribed the Oath Surgeons shall herein-before mentioned, before any such Jufljce of the Peace as aforesaid, shall he entitled to the said annual he entitled s Allowance, as if such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon had regularly attended the annual Exercise and Traiuing ^howance..of such Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company, during the Whok of the Time by Law appointed for that Purpose, and as if a Certificate of such Attendance, signed by the Commanding Officer of the said Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company, had been transmitted to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company shall belong, and also to the Receiver General of the same County, Riding, or Place if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland, if in Scotland, according to the Directions of this Act; any Thing contained in this Act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That upon such Certificates as aforesaid of such Justice of the Peace and Allowances shall

Commanding Officer as aforesaid, (or where any Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company of p-ujd without

Militia shall not have been called out to their annual Exercise as aforesaid, ) upon a Certificate of any such eUu lonS'

Justice of the Peace only being produced to or received by the respective Receivers-General, it shall and may

be lawful for such Receivers-General, and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to the said Subaltern*11

Officers and Surgeons, according to their respective Commissions of Lieutenant, Enfigil^ or Surgeon, ip

Addition.

872

Subaltern* and

Surgeons not am riding when called upon Dull forfeit their Allowance, Sec,

Allowance* shall be paid by Receivers* General on Production of Certificates; but not while the Militia it embodied.

To what Number such Allowances shall extend.

Senior Lieutenants shall have the Preference, and the junior to facceed on Vacancies.

C. 72, 73. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Addition to their Pay, for the Time of Training and Exercise, one Moiety of the annual Allowance above mentioned on the twenty-fourth Day of September next, and the other Moiety of the same on the twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, without any Deduction whatsoever, out of any pi blick Monies in their Hands, and to charge the same in their respective annual Accounts of Money disbursed for the Use of the Public Tt; the Certificates before mentioned to be by them preferred and produced among the Vouchers for the Payments from Time to Time made by them in p irfuance of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and Surgeons of the Militia, entitled or claiming to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall at all Times br liable to serve in the respective Regiments, Battalions, Corps, or Independent Companies to which they belong, whenever the same shall be embodied, and called out upon actual Service; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to attend when called upon, or in case any such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon shall at any Time wilfully neglect or refute to attend, and perform his Duty at the annual Exercise as before directed, and at such other Times, or for such other Occasions, as may be required of him in pursuance of the Laws now in Force respecting the Militia when disembodied, each and every such Subaltern Officer and Surgeon, shall, upon such Neglect or Refusal being certified to the Lord Lieutenant by the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company to which such Subaltern or Surgeon shall belong, forfeit nis Claim to the said annual Allowance, and every Part thereof, and shall also be considered as having resigned and vacated his Commission to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several annual Allowances shall be paid to the Persons respectively entitled thereto, by the Receivers-General of the Land Tax in England* and the Receiver General for Scotland respectively, upon the Production of the before-mentioned several Certificates, on or as soon after the twenty-fourth Day of September next, and the twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred, and four respectively, as may be convenient and practicable: Provided always, that nothing in this A A contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to entitle any Subaltern Officer or Surgeon as aforesaid to the said annual Allowance, or any Part thereof, during the Time the Militia to which he belongs shall be embodied or ordered out on actual Service: Provided also, that this Act, and the Benefits and Allowances therein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to more than ten Lieutenants in any Regiment confiding of more than ten Companies; to more than nine Lieutenants in any Regiment confiding of more than eight and less than eleven Companies; to more than eight Lieutenants in any Regiment confiding of more than fix and less than nine Companies; or to mdre than five Lieutenants in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, confiding of fix or of a less Number of Companies, except where the Companies consist of ninety private Meu each or upwards; in which Case this Act, and the Benefits and Allowances therein contained, may be extended to eighteen Lieutenants in any Regiment confiding of more than ten Companies; to sixteen Lieutenants in any Regiment confiding of more than eight and less than eleven Companies; to fourteen Lieutenants in any Regiment confiding of more than fix and less than nine Companies; and to nine Lieutenants in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, confiding of fix or of a less Number of Companies.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of the Militia, at the Time of disembodying thereof, there shall happen to be a greater Number of Lieutenants, comiag within the Descriptions of this Act, than can be entitled to claim the Benefits thereof, within the true Intent and Meaning of the foregoing Proviso, the Senior Lieutenants of such Number shall alwfays be preferred, and shall be alone entitled to demand and receive the above-mentioned Allowances, and that the Junior Lieutenants shall succeed to such Allowances in Rotation as Vacancies may happen among the said Senior Lieutenants from Time to Time.

Continuance of Act 25th March 1804."

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the forty-second Year of the Rein of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act> passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting Stamp Duties on certain Medicines, tind for charging ether Duties in lieu thereof; and for making effectual Provifen for the better Colic ft ion of the said Duties.[4th July 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

41 G. 3. c. 56. An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the twenty fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting

recited. Stamp Duties on certain Medicines, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof; and for making effectual Provifcn

for the better Collection of the said Duties r And whereas it is expedient that the Schedule annexed to the said Act should be repealed, and another Schedule should be enacted in lien thereof, and that the said Act should be amended may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Schedule, andfo Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from r.nd after the A^as^eUtcs^ passing of this Act, the Schedule to the said recited Act annexed, and so much of the said recited Act as

ihereio, re- relates to the said Schedule, or to the extending the Provisions thereof to the said Schedule, shall be and the

pealed; and the same are hereby repealed, and that instead and lieu thereof the Schedule to this Act annexed shall be construed Sehedu'e hereto with the said recited Act, and as a Part thereof, and shall, in the Execution of the said recited Act and this annexed to be Act, he applied and construed in like Manner a3 if the Schedule to this Act had been annexed to the said of secticd A*L rcc>ted Act, and was especially enacted therein; and all Powders, Authorities, Direction3, and Provisions of the said Act, and every Reference therein contained to the Schedule thereunto annexed, and all Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things relating thereto or in the said Act contained, in relation to the Duties

A.D. 1803. 43 GEORGII III. C. 73.

Duties granted by the said Act, or to any of the Provisions of the said Act, shall (except where the same are hereby expressly varied) be applied, confirmed, deemed, and taken to refer to the Schedule to this Act annexed, and to all the Clauses and Provisions of this Act, and shall be extended to and construed in like Manner as if the Schedule to this Act annexed, and the Clauses and Provisions in this Act contained, had been enacted in the said recited Act, and as fully a3 if all the said Powers, Authorities, Direction*, Provisions, Clauses, Fine*, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things, had been severally re-enacted in this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall receive from any Proprietor, Compounder, or original or first Vender, or any Agent or Agent3, or Person or Persons employed by any such Proprietor, Compounder, original or first Vender, any Article or Articles whatever, subject to any Duty granted by the said recited Act, for the Purpose of felling the same again, without the Label or Labels denoting the proper Duty being first duly affixed thereto, and shall not within ten Days return the same to the Person or Persons from whom such Article or Articles was or were received, or within that Space of Time give Information thereof to the Commissioners at the Head Office in Somerset Place, and deposit such Article or Articles with the nearest Distributor of Stamps, he or she shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty imposed by the said Act may be recovered under the said Act and this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That upon the Outside of all Parcels, Boxes, Trunks, or Packages in which shall be contained one Dozen or more of Packets, Boxes, Bottles, Pots, Phials, or other Iticlosures, containing any Article in the said Acts mentioned, and subject to Duty under the said recited Act or this Act, sent by any Proprietor, Compounder, or original Vender thereof, or any Agent or Agents, or Person or Persons employed by him, her, or them, to any retail Vender, by any publick Conveyance, or which shall be about to be exported, the Word " Medicines" shall be written; and also the Nome of such Proprietor, Compounder, or original Vender, and of the Person or Persons fending or exporting the fame, if not such Proprietor, Compounder, or original Vender thereof; and that it shall be lawful for any Officers of the Customs or Excise, or any Person appointed by the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, by Authority in Writing under the Hand of any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, (which Authority any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace is hereby empowered and required to grant, on Information given to and proved before him on Oath (which Oath such Magistrate or Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized to administer), that there is Reason to suspect that any such Parcel, Box, Trunk, or Package contain* such Articles subject to such Duties, and not properly labelled according to the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act), to open such Parcels, Boxes, Trunks, or Packages, and examine if the proper Labels be duly affixed to the Articles therein contained; and in case such Labels are not affixed thereto, according to the Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act, to seize the fame, and fend or deliver the same to the said Commissioners at the Head Office at Somer/ct Place, who are hereby authorized to reward the Officer or Officers making any such Seizure in such Manner as to them shall seem fit.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever to commence, prosecute, enter, or file, or cause or procure to be commenced, prosecuted, entered, or filed, any Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, or Actions, Bills, Plaints, or Informations, in any of his Majesty's Courts, against any Person or Persons, or to proceed before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or before any Magistrate or Magistrates in a summary 'Way, for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, made or incurred by virtue of the said recited Act of the forty-second Year aforesaid, unless the same be commenced, prosecuted, entered, or filed in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General, and by his Authority, or by and in the Name or Names of some Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper; and if any Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, Actions, Bills, Plaints, or Informations, or Prosecution, shall be commenced, prosecuted, entered, or filed, by or in the Name of any other Person or Persons, or under any other Authority than is in that Behalf before mentioned, the lame and all Proceedings thereupon had are hereby declared null and void, and the said Court or Courts, or Justice or Justices, or Magistrate or Magistrates, wherein or before whom such Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, or Prosecution, or Actions, Bills, Plaints, or Informations, or Prosecutions, shall be so commenced, prosecuted, entered, or hied, shall not permit or suffer any Proceeding or Proceedings to be had thereupon; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, brought, entered, or filed in any Court, or before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, for any pecuniary Penalty under the said recited Acts or this Act, shall be commenced within three Months after the Forfeiture of such Penalty, and not afterwards; and it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, when he shall see Cause, to mitigate and lessen any such Penalty, the reasonable Costs and Charges of the Officer, Person, or Informer, as well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the fame, being always allowed (if demanded) over and above such Mitigation, and so as such Mitigation does not reduce such Penalty to less than one Fourth-part thereof; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

873

Persons receiving from Proprietors Articles subject t j Duty wrhout Lnbtls, and not returning them or informing the Commissioners, shall forfeit 20I#

On the Outside of Parcels containing twelve Inclosuroe shall be written,

" Medicines,'. &c.

Officers may open suspected Parcels, and feire Artie let not libelled.

No Person fhalT commence any Action, or proceed in 1 summary Way tetany Penalty under recited Act, unless in the Name of th# Attoiney General, or same Person appointed by the Commissionera of Stamps*

Limitation of Actions lor Penalties, three Months.

Penalties may be mitigated.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

All Foreign Medicines except Drugs.

DAMS* Solvent.

Addison's reanimating European Balfiun* /Rthfrra! Anodyne Spirt*.

43 Geo. III.

[Ague and Fever Drops (by Wflfon). Amboyna Lotion.

Do. — Mouth Powder.

5T

Amboyna

A.D. 1803.

C. 73. 43° GEORGII III.

Amboyfla Tooth Powder.

American Alterative Fill*

Do. — Salve.

Andalusia Water.

Anderson's Scots Fills.

Angibaud's Lozenges of Bleis. Anodyne Necklace.

Antipertuflis.

Appleby's Tea.

Arabian Balia re.

Arnold's Diops.

Do. — Pills.

Arquebusade Water*.

Aromatic Spirit of Vinegar.

Do.--Condensed.

Asiatic Bilious Pills.

Do. — Tonic Tincture.

Austin's Chalybeate Pills.

Balm of Mecca.

Balsam of Iceland Liverwort. 'Barclay's Antibilious FiUi.

Do. — Asthmatic Candy.

Barlow's Specific Medicine.

Barron's Cacliou de Rose Lozenges. Barton's Alterative Pomade.

Do — Vital Wine.

Bateman's Drops.

Do. — Golden Spirit of Scurvy Grass. Do. — Plain Spirits of Do.

Bayley's British Tooth Powder. Beafely's Family PlaiUcr.

Beau.me de Vie.

Beikcr's Tincture.

Bell's restorative Pills.

Bennet's Worm Powders.

Benzoin, Essence of.

Berry's Bilious Pills.

Betton's British Oil.

Birt's Martial Balsam.

Blair's Cephalic Fluid.

Boerhaave's Antiscorbutic Wine. Bolderson's Worm Cakes.

Boilman'8 Specific.

Bolton's Aflhmatic Tindurc. Bollock's Cordial.

Do. — Grand Elixir.

Bott's Corn Salve.

Do. — Tooth Powder.

Bourne's £thcrcal Essence.

Box's Magnesia Lozenges.

Brazil Salts.

Brodum's Botanic Pills.

Do. — Botanical Syrup.

Do. — Nervous Cordial.

Browne's British Pills.

Do. — Rheumatic Powders.

Do — Tincture of Y ellow Bark. Bryant's Essence of Coltsfoot. Camphor, ^Ethereal Essence of Cathcart's Edinburgh Ointment.

Do, --Water.

Cephalic Snuff.

Chamberlain's Ointment.

Do — Pills.

Chapman's Cerate.

Do — Chilblain Water.

Ching's Worm Lozenges.

Quoner's Pills.

Church's Anodyne Efltnae,

Do. — .Chilblain Ointment.

Do — Cough Drops,

Do. — Eye Salve.

Do. — Pe&oral Pills.

Do. — Volatile Tiii&use.

Clcrval's S\ rTUD.

Clinton's Oil for Deafncf*.

Do — Snuff.

Clyde's Balsam.

Collier's Assistant Pills.

Do. — Ointment.

Do. — Remedy for Filtula and Piles.

Complin's Specific.

Cordial Balm of Gilead.

Cornwell's Fruit Lozenges,

Do — Opodeldoc.

Do. — Oriental Vegetable Cordial.

Coffello's Cerate.

Do. — Colly rium.

Cottier's Resolvent and Healing Plaister, Cox's Tincture.

Coxwell's Castor Oil Medicine.

Culpepper's Herb Cordial.

Cundell'8 Balsam of Honey.

Curtis's Syrup.

Daffy's Elixir,

Dalby's Carminative.

Dalmahoy's Sel Poignant.

Do. — Taltclcfs Salts.

Dawson's Lozenges.

Deering's Drops.

Delefcot'8 Myrtle Opiate.

De Velno's Pills.

Do. — Syrup,

Dicey 6c Co's Bathing Spirits.

Do. — Daffy's Elixir.

Dickenson's Cephalic Drops.

Do. — Red Drops for Convulsions.

Do. — Drops for Fits.

Dixon's Antibilious Pills.

Donavan's American Vegetable Syrup. DoranftorfPs Opodeldoc.

Dutch Drops.

Earl's Remedy for the Hooping Cough. Edward's Ague Tincture.

Do. — Nipple Ointment.

Elixir of Longevity, or Swedish Preservative, Ellis's Aperient Pills.

Falck's Cerate.

Do. — Universal Pills.

Findon't Drops.

Ford's Balsam of Horehound.

Fordyce's cooling opening Pills.

Fothergill's Pc&oral Pills.

Do. — Kcftorative.

Frau nee's Elixir.

Freake's Tincture of Bark.

Freeman's Bathing Spirits.

Do. — Eye Water.

Friend to Man.

Frith's Antibilious Elixir.

Fry's Worm Pills.

Fryar's Balsam.

Gamble's Aromatic Snuff.

Garaveni's Styptic.

Gardener's Ointment.

Do. — Pills*

43° GEORGII III.

G. 73*

A.D. 1803.

German Com Plaister or Sake.

Gilbert's Roseate Lotion,

Glasse's Magnesia.

Godbold's Balfan*.

Godfrey's Cordial.

Do.--Rose Lozenges.

Gowland'8 Lotion.

Grand Specific, or infallible Antidote to Consumptions.

Grant's Drops.

Do. — Liibon Tonic Pills.

Green's Honey Lozenges.

Do. — Oil, or Infallible Oil.

Do. — Tooth-Ach Pills.

Greenough's TinAure,

Do — Tolu Lozenges.

Grey's Lozenges.

Do. — Tooth Powder.

Griffin's Atthmatic TiuAurc.

Grubb's Fryar's Drops.

Guest's Lotion.

Do. — Pills.

Do. — Powder.

Do. — Tooth Powder.

Do. — Welcome Guest.

Haarlam's Drops.

Hadley's Convulsive Powders.

Hallam's Anixna of Quafifia.

Do. — Antibilious Pills.

Do. — Quaflia ditto.

Hamilton's Asthmatic Effluvia.

Do. — Cinnamon Drops.

Do. — Corn Salve.

Do. — Vegetable Balsamic Tin Aura.

Hannay's Waft.

Harvey's Anti-venereal Pills.

Do. — Grand Restorative Drops,

Hatfield's TinAure.

Hayman's Maredant's Drops.

Hayward's Stomachic Lozenges.

Do — Anti-acid ditto.

Do. — Samaritan Water.

Hemet's Essence of Pearl.

Do. — Pearl Dentrifice.

Hcming's Pine*Bud Lozenges.

Henry's Aromatic Spirits of Vinegar.

Do. — Magnesia.

Hewitt's Analambanic Pills.

Hickman's Pills.

Hill's Balsam of Honey.

Do. — Bardana Drops.

Do. — Canada Balsam.

Do. — Essence of Water Dock. J

Do. — Gout Essence.

Do. — TinAure of Centuary.

Do. - Sage.

Do. «Valerian.

Hodson's Aromatic Nervine Tea. f

Do. — Imperial Oil,

Do. — Persian Restorative. i

Do. — Syrup. j

Holdsworth's Lozenges. i

Hooper's Female Pill*. J

Howell's Powders for Epilepsy,

Hunter's Elixir.

Do. — Pills.!

Do. — Restorative. '

Jack Ton's Com Salve.

Jack foil's Ointment.

)o. — TinAure.

Jacobson's Cough Drops.

James's Analeptic Pills.

Do. — Fever Powder.

Do. — Medicine for the Dropsy.

Jtbb, Sir Richard's, Elixir.

Do.----- Pills.

{efuit's Drops, mperial Anodyne Opodeldoc.

Infallible Restorative. lnglift's Scots Pills.

Jonnfton's Essence of Horehound,

Johntenoco's Tooth Powder.

Jones's Rheumatic TinAure.

Irvine's Fruit Lozeogrs.

Junipers Essence of Penny Royal.

)o.----- Peppermint.

Kennedy's Corn Salve, or Plaister,

Keyfer's Pills.

Knight's Pills.

Lamert's Balsam.

Lancaster Black Drop.

Leake's Cerate.

Do.--Chilblain Water,

Do.--Pills.

Do.--Purifying Drops,

Lcathe's Lotion.

Le CouPs Imperial Oil.

Lee's Lozenges.

Lewis's Specific Pills.

Do — TinAure of Angustura Baric.

Liquid Shell for the Stone and Gravel*

Lockyeris Pills.

Lord's Com Salve, or Plaister.

Lorraine's Consumptive Pillt,

Lourie's Eye Water*

Lowther's Drops.

Do. — Nervous Powders.

Lozenges Aniseed.

Do. — Benzoin. v

Do. — Camomile.

Do. — Ginger.

Do. — Horehound.

Do. — Ipecacuana.

Do. — Patirofa.

Do. — Peppermint.

Do, — Poppy.

Do. — Rose.

Do. — Rofcated Liquorice,

Do. — Specific.

Do. — Spermaceti.

Do. — Tolu.

Lucas's pure Drops of Life.

Luzatto's British Pills.

Lygnum's Antiscorbutic Drops.

Do — Lotion.

Do. — ^Pills.

Magnesia Tablets.

Mann's Cough Medicine.

Mapfon's Sanative Salve.

Marshall's Cerate.

Do. — Wort Dissolvent.

Matthew's or Mathew's Alterative Medicine.

Do. — Chymical Tincture.

Do. — Remedies for curing Fiflula and Piles without* Cutting or Pain.

Do. — Samaritan Rdlorative.

5 T 2 Mayerfbach's

43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

C-73-

Mayerfbach't Balsamic Pills.

Do. — Mixture.

Do. — Restorative Powders.

Medley's Aromatic Herb Snuff.

Metallic Tra&ors.

Military Drops.

Millman's Itch Ointment.

Monfey's Rheumatic Powders.

Nailor's Corn Ointment.

Newton's Restorative Tooth Powder.

Norman's Syrup.

Norris's Chalybeate Pills.

Do. — Drops.

Do. — Tonic Essence.

Norton's Maredant's Drops.

Oliverian Ointment for the Piles.

Ormskirk Medicine for the Bite of a Mad Dog. Palmer's Laxative Pills.

Paraguay Lotion.

Pafchall's Teething Remedy.

Pe&oral Essence of Coltsfoot.

Perkin's Metallic Tra&ors.

Perrin's Balsam of Lungwort.

Peter's Pills.

Do. — Tin6ture.

Pidding's Balsam of Liquorice.

Pike's Ointment.

Pomade Divine.

Do. — Royal.

Powell's Camphor Liniment.

Do. — Eye Salve.

Price's Breast Salve.

Prickett'8 Styptic.

Pullen's Antiscorbutic Pills.

Do. — Purging Pills.

Pyrmont Tablets.

Radcliffe'8 Purging Elixir.

Do. — Rheumatic Tincture*

Refined British Oil.

Relfe's Nipple Ointment.

Richardson's British Corn Saltc or Plaister.

Riga Balsam.

Robberds's Cough Drops.

Roberts'8 Worm Sugar-Plums.

Roche's Embrocation.

Roe's English Coffee for Nervous Disorders.

Rogers's Antibilious Elixir.

Do. — Antiscorbutic Pills.

Rook's Balsam.

Rose Tablets.

Rufpini's Styptic.

Do. — Tincture.

Do. — TinAure for the Tooth Ach.

Do. — Tooth Powder.

Ryan's Essence of Coltsfoot.

Rymer's Cardiac and Nervous Tincture.

Do. — Detergent Pills.

Do. — Essence of Garlick.

Do. — Pe&oral Medicine.

Do. — Tonic Pills.

Schnid's Liquid Dentrifice.

Schuitz's Vegetable Acid Air.

Scot's Gout rills.

Senate's Aromatic Steel Lozenges, or Lozenges of Steel.

Sharpe's Hepatic Pills.

Sibley'8 Lunar Tin&urc.

Do. — Solar Do.

Simson's Infallible JEthcreal TinAure.

Singleton's Golden Ointment.

Sloane's, Sir Hans, Pills.

Smart's Tincture of Cafcarilla Bark.

Smellome's Eye Salve.

Smith's Antibilious Pills.

Do. — Antihe&ic Balsam.

Do. — Cooling Opening Pills.

Do. — Drops.

Do. — Purifying Pills.

Do. — Restorative Medicated Wine.

Smyth's Drops.

Do. — Restorative.

Solander's Sanative Tea.

Soley's Essence of Squills.

Solomon's Abftergent.

Do. — Anti-Impetigenes*

Do. — Balm of Gilead.

Speediman's Stomach Pilt.

Specific Convulsion Drops.

Do. — for the Yellow Fever.

Do. — Remedy (by WeffclsJ.

Do. — Tincture.

Spence's Dentrifice.

Spilfbury's Antiscorbutic Drops.

Do. — Compound Essence.

Spinluff's Aromatic Bilious Cordial.

Squire's Elixir.

Squirrell's Drops.

Do. — Tonic Pills.

Do.----- Powders.

Steer's Camomile Drops.

Do. — Camphorated EyeWater.

Do. — Convulsion Oil.

Do. — Nitre Drops.

Do. — Opodeldoc. 9Do. — Paregoric Lozii\ge$.

Do. — Purging Elixir.

Sterne's Balsamic -/Ether.

Stomachic Tablets.

Do. — Tincture and Gout Drops.

Storey's Worm Cakes.

Stoughton's Bitters.

Do. — Elixir.

Stringer's Essence of Myrrh.

Do. — Myrrh Dentrifice.

Do. — Paregoric Lozenges.

Swedifti Preservative, or Elixir of Longevity*

Swinfen's Anti-acid.

Do. — Ele&uary.

Do. — Ointment.

Do. — Worm Sugar Cakes.

Swiss Balsam.

Tasteless Ague Drops.

Do. — Fever Drops.

Thomas'sTolu Essence.

Thompson's Ague Tincture.

Tickell's ./Ether.

Tinctures for the Teeth and Gums.

Tooley's Cordial.

Tooth-Ach Fluid.

Tooth Powder, Asiatic.

Do. — Paraguay.

Do. — Royal.

Trotter's Asiatic Tooth Powder.

Trowbridge Golden Pills.

Tuberofa Vitae, or Chilblain Water.

Turlington's Balsam.

VandouPs

A.D. 1803.

Vandour's Nervous Pills.

Van Swieten's Gout Cordial. Vegetable Embrocation.

Vital Balm.

Waite's Worm Nuts.

Waiford's Pancreatic Powders* Walker's Jesuits Drops.

Do. — Specific Remedy.

Do. — Stomachic Wine.

Walkey's Tooth Powder* Waller's Ointment.

Walih's Coltsfoot Lozenges*

Do. — Ginger Seeds.

Do. — Pills.

Ward's Dropsy Pills.

Do — E fence for the Head Ach. Do. — Liquid Sweat.

Do. — Paste.

Do. — Powders.

Do. — Red Pills.

Do. — Sack Drops.

43 GEORGII III. C. 73 — 75.

Ward's Sweating Powder.

Do. — White Drops.

Ware's Asthmatic Drops.

Warren's Analeptic Powders.

Do. — British Tooth Powder.

Water's Artificial Mineral.

Webster's Diet Drink.

Welsh's Female Pills.

Wheatley's Ointment.

Do. — Fluid.

Whitehead's Essence of Mustard.

Do. — of Horehound.

Do. — Pills.

Williams's Aperient Pills.

Do. — Essence of Benzoin, or Pulmonic Drops.

Do. — Spa Elixir, or Restorative Drops.

Willis's Asthmatic Pills.

Winch's Cough Drops.

Wray's Ague Pills.

Zimmerman's Stimulating Fluid.

CAP. LXXIV.

877

An Act for further regulating the Administration of the Oath or Affirmation required to be taken by Electors of Members to serve in Parliament, by an Act passed in the second Year of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

[4 th July 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intiW tuled, An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act made in the thirty fourth Year of the Reign of hi* 4 present Majesty, intituled\*An Act for directing the Appointment of Commissioners to administer certain Oaths and Declarations required by Law to be taken and made by Persons offering to vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, ' to all Oaths now required by Law to be taken by Voters at Elections for Members to serve in Parliament, it was, among other Things, enacted, that when a Poll should be demanded at any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Borough, or other Place in England or

Wales, or for the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, the Returning Officer or Officers at every such Election, after such Poll should be demanded, mould, at the Instance and Request iii Writing of any Candidate or Candidates at such Election, under his or their Hand or Hands, immediately after such Request, and before

he or they should proceed further in taking the Poll, retain, nominate, and appoint two or more Persons (a*

the Case might require), severally and at different Places separate and apait from the Place where the Poll should be taken, to administer all the Oaths, and take the Declarations and Affirmations then required by Law to be taken and made by Voters at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the Oath or Affirmation required by an Act passed in the second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the ElcQion of Members to serve in Parliament, to be taken or made by every Freeholder, Citizen, Freeman, Burgess, or Person having or claiming to have a Right to vote or be polled at any Election of any Member or Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, should be taken or made by such Freeholder, Citizen, Freeman,

Burgess, or Person at the Poll, immediately before he is admitted to poll at such Election Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said recited Act passed in the forty-second Year of his present Majesty, as respects the said Oath or Affirmation required by the said Act passed in the second Year of King George the Second, shall be and is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Oath or Affirmation shall be taken or made by every such Freeholder, Citizen, Freeman, Burgess, or Person at the Poll, and immediately before he is admitted to poll at such Election, in Manner prescribed by the said Act passed in the second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, in case the same shall be demanded by either of the Candidates, or any two of the Electors.

CAP. LXXV.

41G. 3. c. ft#

s G. 2. c. if

So much of 42 G. 3. c. 62. as respects the Bribery Oath under 2 G. z. c. 24. repealed; the said Oath shall be taken m Manner pre-feribedby rc* cited Act of ft G. 2.

An to authorize the Sale or Mortgage of the Estates of Persons found lunatick by Inquifi-tion, in England or Ireland respectively; and the granting of Leases of the same.

[4th July 1803.]

WHEREAS great Injury frequently happens to Persons found lunatick or of unfound Mind, and in-

capable of managing their Affairs, by Inquisitions taken in England and Ireland respectively, and the

Creditors of such Persons are delayed in obtaining Payment of their Demands, for Want of sufficient Power

to apply the Property of such Persons in Discharge of their Debts and Engagements: And whereas the Care and Commitment of the Custody of the Persons and ERates of Persons ft) found lunatick or of un-

8 f found

873

The Lord Chm* cellorof the United Kingdom and of Ire* f ind, being en-ti ufted h iih the Persons and Estates Luna-ticks, may order the Freehold and Leasehold Lftaies of such Persons to be sold or charged by Mortgage, for raising Money for the pay raent of Debt*, &c.

Application of Surplus.

The fewer of leafing Lands,

&c. of Luna-ticks hiving only a limited Eft ate therein, may be executed by the Committee of the Estate of such Ptr/on, under the Direction of the Chancellor,

Where Luna-

ticks are seised of Freehold or Copyhokty Estates in Fee or in Tail, and an absolute Jittered in Leafehotd Etiates, the Chancellor may cured the Committee of trie Estate unmake Leases thei eof*

Arts of Committees under this Act Dull be binding.

A A (half not subject Estates of Lunatick* to Debts otherwise than they ate stow subject by j

C. 75. 43 GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

found Mind, hare been usually entrusted, by virtue of the King's Sign Manual, to the Lord Chancellor,

Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom and of Ireland respectively, and it would be beneficial to such Persons and their Creditors if Power were given to dispose of their Property, for Payment of their Debts, and Performance of their Engagements, under the Controul of such Chancellor, Keeper, and Commissioners in England and Ireland respectively; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fam^ That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom and of Ireland respectively, being entrusted by virtue of the King's Sign Manual, with the Care and Commitment of the Custody of the Persons and Estates of Persons found lunatick or of unfound Mind, and incapable of managing their Affairs, by Inquisition taken in England and Ireland respectively, to order the Freehold and Leasehold Estates of such Persons respectively to be sold, or charged and incumbered by way of Mortgage or otherwise, as shall be deemed most expedient for the Purpose of raifxng such Sum or {wins of Money as shall be necessary for Payment of the Debts, and for performing the Contracts or Engagements of any such Persons respectively, and the Costs and Charges attending the fame, and attending such Sale, Mortgage, or Incumbranct respectively, and to direct the Committee or Committees of the Estate of such Persons respectively to execute in the Name and on Behalf of such Persons respectively Conveyances of the Estates so to be sold, mortgaged, or incumbered, and to procure such Admittance to and make such Surrenders of the of Estates of such Persons found lunatick or of unfound Mind, and to do all such Acts as shall be necessary to effeduatc the fame, in such Manner as such Chancellor, Keeper, or Commissioners of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom and of Ireland respectively shall direct; which Conveyances so to be made in pursuance of any such Order as aforesaid, shall be as good and effectual in Law as if the same had been executed by every such Person so found lunatick or of unfound Mind respectively, when in his or her found Mind.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case there shall be any Surplus of Money to be raised by any such Sale as aforesaid, after answering the Purposes aforesaid, the same shall be applied and disposed of in the same Manner as the Estate fold would have been applied if this Act had not been made-

ill. 4 And whereas many Persons so found lunatick, or of unfound Mind, may be seised and possessed of Free*

hold and of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, either for the Term of their natural Lives, or for some other Estate, with Power of granting Leases and taking Fines, reserving small Rents on such Leases for one, two, or three Lives, in Possession or Rtveriion, or for some Number of Years determinable upon Lives, or for Terms of Years absolutely; be it enacted, That in every such Case all and every Power of leafing such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which is or shall be vested in such Person so found lunatick or of unfound Mind, having a limited Estate only, shall and may be executed by the Committee or Committees of the Estate of such rerson, under the Directiott and Order of the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom and of Ireland respectively, being duly entrusted, by virtue of the King's Sign Manual, with the Care and Commitment of the Custody of the persons and Estates of such Persons; and such Lease or Leases so to be executed by the said Committee and Committees, under and by virtue of such Order, shall be as good and effectual in Law as if the same were executed by the said Person so found lunatick or of unfound Mind, in his or her found Mind.

IV. 4 And whereas Persons so found lunatick or of imfound Mind may be seised or possessed of, and entitled to Freehold or of Estates in Fee or in Tail, and an absolute Interest in Leasehold Estates, and it may be for the Benefit of such Persons that Leases or Under-Leases should be made of such Estates for Terms of Years, and especially to encourage the Erection of Buildings thereon, or repairing Buildings actually being thereon, or otherwise improving the fame be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom and of Ireland respectively, intruded by virtue of the King's Sign Manual with the Care and Commitment of the Custody of the Peiions and Estates of such Persons respectively, to order and direct a Committee or Committees of the Estate of such Lunatick, to make such Leases of the Freehold, of, or Leasehold Estates of such Persons respectively, according to his or her Interest therein respectively, and to the Nature of the Tenures of such Estates respectively, for such Term or Terms of Years, and subject to such Rents and Covenants, as the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom and of Ireland respectively, intruded as aforesaid, shall direct; and that all and every such Lease or Leases made by such Committee or Committees, under and by virtue of the said Order, as such Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners respectively shall make thereupon, shall be as good and valid in the Law as if the same had been executed by the Persons so found lunatick or of unfound Mind respectively, in his or her found Mind.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every Ad to be done by such Committee or Committees of the Estate of such Lunatick, under and by virtue of this Act, and the Order of the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, _or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom and of Ireland respectively, intruded as aforesaid, shall be as valid and binding against the said Persons so found lunatick and of unfound Mind respectively, and all Persons claiming by, through, or under him or her respectively, as if the Persons so found lunatick or of unfound Mind respectively, had been in his or her found Mind, and had personally done such Act or Acts icfptdively.

VI. Provided nc vert belt Is, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, 10 subject any Part of the Freehold, of, or Leasehold Estates of any Person found lunatick or of unfound Mind, to the Debts or Demands of his Creditors, otherwise than a* the same air now subject or liable, by due Course of Law; but only to authorize the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords

x Commissioners

A.D. 180a, 43° GEORGII III. C. 75 — 79.

CommUBoners for the Custody of thf Great Seal of the United Kingdom and of Ireland respedivrly, being intruded by virtue of the King's 8ign Manual, with the Care and Commitment of the Custody of the Persons and EUatea of Persons so found lunatick or of untound Mind, to make Order in such Cases as are herein-before mentioned, when the same shall be deemed for the Benefit and Advantage of such Person so found lunatick or of unfound Mind, and incapable of managing his or her Affairs,

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for transferring to the Royal Navy such Seamen as are now serving in the Militia of Ireland\

[4*h July 1803.]

14 His Majesty, or the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland\ may direct private Militiamen being Seamen, who shall agree to enter into the Navy, to be discharged, §1. Proportion of Men to be so discharged at one Time u [j«r under c. 62. for Great Britain]. Certificates of the Number of Men and their Names, &c. shall be 4i transmitted to the Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, for the Information of the Admiralty, f 2. Volun-4( teers may be raised in room of Men so discharged, £5*. — Men entering into the Navy shall be entitled to the usual Bounty, 3. Such Volunteers shall be entitled to Bounty and Allowances as other Privates, and 4i their Number from Time to Time certified to the Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, &c. §4. For every Seaman discharged, the Commandant shall be entitled to ten Guineas on transmitting a Certificate from the Officer receiving the Men to the Collector of the Excise for the District, who shall be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy, §5. If any Person so enrolled in the Navy shalldefert or enlill into any other of his Majesty's 44 Forces, or shall (trike any Officer, or disobey Command, tzfc. he shall suffer Death, §6. Persons fufp : £ted of Delation may be apprehended, and if found to be enrolled in the Navy may be committed to Prison, and 4i an Account sent to the Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant. — Gaoler shall receive Subsistence, but no Fee, 44 §7. Reward for apprehending Deserters, ten Shillings, payable by the Collector of the District, §8. 44 Penalty for harbouring or assisting Deserters, ten Pounds, leviable by. Distrefa, §9. The Men enrolled ia hi* 44 Majesty's Service may be quartered as the Marines, §10."

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments in Ireland, according to Law.

[4th July 1803.]

Persons who have incurred any Penalty by neglecting to qualify themselves according to Irish Ad 2 Ann. 44 e 6. indemnified, if they take the Oaths, &c. before March 25, 1804, §1. Ad shall not restore any Person to any Office already avoided by Judgement, §2. Act may be repealed, fifr. this Session, §3."

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for continuing until the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four; an Act

Sfled in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regu- ing, until the fifteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and three, the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain) and also an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, for continuing the said Act, and for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland* [4th July 1803.]

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for making more effectual Provision within Ireland for the Punishment of Offences, in wilfully calling away, sinking, burning, or destroying Ships and Vessels 3 and for the more convenient Trial of Accessaries m Felonies.

[4th July 1803.]

WHEREAS in and by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enforcing and making perpetual an Act, intituled, An Act for the preferring all such Ships and Goode thereof winch shall happen to be forced on Shore or fhranded upon the Coqfis of this Kingdom; and also for inflicting the Punishment of Death on such as shall wilfully hum, sink, or defray such Ships, h it amongst other Things enacted, that if any Owner of, or Captain, Master, or Mariner, or other Officer belonging to any Ship, shall, after the twenty-fifth Day of March which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, wilfully cast away, fink, bum, or otherwise destroy the Ship of which be is Owner, or unto which he belongeth, or in Manner otherwise direct or procure the lame to be done, to the Prejudice of any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, that shall underwrite or execute any Policy or Policies of Insurance thereon, or of any Merchant or Merchants that shall load Goods thereon, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, such Person or Persons so offending shall be ad* 4 judged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death without the Benefit of Clergy, or of the Statute made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for taking away the Benefit of Clergy in certain Cases, andfdr taking away the Book in all Cases, and for repealing Part of the Statute for trans porting Felons: And whereas the above Provisions in the said in-part recited Act, have been found inadequate and ineffectual for the Prevention and Punishment of the Offences therein mentioned be it therefore enacted >7 the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tern*

pni.

879

Law, lux shall be applied only far tlu I flight oi Lunaticks.

[&vr. 62. /*/ 4hii Sjfaw 1 : s to Great lintam ]

4*G. 3. c. 35.

43 G. 3. c. 1.

[&* r. 113, as to England. J

Irish A A, 11 G 2. c. 9.

4 2, for I'unifli ment of Persons wilfutly coding away Ships, hu repealed.

(9 Ano, -c. f )

68o

Persons wilfully calling aw.iy, &ny Ship,

4c c. or procuring it to be done, shall be adjudged Felons, without Benefit of Clergy.

Where such Odences shall be titeci;

in the County, if committed there -,

or if on the High Seas, as Felons under IiifliA£b, Ii, 12, 13 Jac. l. c. 2.

*3, 24 G. 3. c. 14.

Acceffanes to felonies may be ti ied either in the County where the principal Offence was commuted, or in that where the Offence of being Accessary was donej and if the principal Offence shall be committed on the High Seas, the Ac-ceffaries shall be ti ied in Manner pre-fci ibed by recited Act, I Iy 12, 13 Jac. 1. c. 2. and 23 & 24 G. 3. c. 14.

Persons once tried, not to he again indi&ed for the same Offence.

C. 79. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Pro* visiona of the said herein in-parr rrciled Act shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it funner enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and three, wilfully call away, fink, burn, or otherwise destroy, any Ship or Vessel, or in anywise.counsel, direct, or procure the same to be done, and the same be accordingly done, with Intent and Design thereby wilfully and maliciously to prejudice any Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, or any Owner or Owners of any Goods laden on board the fame, or any Person or Persons, Body Politick or Corporate, that hath or have underwritten, or shall underwrite any Policy or Policies of insurance upon such Ship or Vessel, or on the Freight thereof, or upon any Goods laden on board the fame, the Person or Persons offending therein, being thereof law fully convicted, shall be deemed and adjudged a principal Felon or Felons, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any such Ship or Vessel shall, from and after the said first Day o( Aaguf One thousand eight hundred and three, be wilfully caff: away, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, within the Body of any County in Ireland; that then the said several Offences, as well in wilfully cabling away, sinking, burning, or otherwise deffroying such Ship or Vessel, as in counselling, directing, or procuring the same to be done as aforesaid, shall and may be respectively enquired of, tried, determined, and adjudged in the same Courts, and in such Manner and Fonn, as Felonies done within the Body of any County, by tile Laws in force in Ireland, now are to be enquired of, tried, determined, and adjudged; and if any such Ship or Vessel shall be wilfully sunk, caff away, burnt, or otherwise destroyed on the High Seas, then that the said several Of-, fences, as well in wilfullyr calling away, sinking, burning, or otherwise destroying any such Ship or Vessel, asm. counselling, directing, and procuring the same to be done as aforesaid, shall and maybe respectively enquired of, tried, determined, and adjudged, within Ireland\ before such Court, in such Manner and Form as in and by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the eleventh, twelfth, and thirteenth Years of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for punishing of Pirates and Robbers cn the Sea, and in and by another Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the High Court of Admiralty in this Kingdom, is appointed and directed for the enquiring, trying, determining, and adjudging within Ireland, of Felonies upon the High Seas.

u Act not to affect Proceedings against Offences already commenced, §4."

V. And whereas it is convenient that Acceffanes to Felonies committed within the Body of any County*

within Ireland, should be by Law liable to be tried as well in the County wherein the principal Felony was committed, as in the County in which they so became Accessaries; and also, that Accessaries to Felonies committed upon the High Seas, should be by Law liable to be tried by such Court, and in such Manner as by the said in-

part recited Acts of the eleventh, twelfth, and thirteenth Years of the Reign of King James the First, and 'twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, is directed in respect to Felonies done ' upon the High Seas; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and three, in all Cases whatsoever in which any Person or Persons shall hereafter procure, direct* counsel, of command any other Person or Persons to commit, or shall abet any other Person or Persons in committing any Felony whatsoever, or shall in any wise whatsoever become an Accessary or Accessaries before the Fast to any Felony whatsoever, whether such principal Felony be committed within the Body of any County within Ireland, or upon the High Seas, and whether such procuring, directing, counselling, commanding, and abetting, or otherwise becoming Accessary or Accessaries before the Fast shall have been committed or done, within the Body of any County within Ireland, or upon the High Seas, that then and in all such Cases, the Offence of the Person or Persons so procuring, directing, counselling, commanding, or abetting such Felony, or so in anywise becoming Accessary or Accessaries before the Fast to such Felony, shall and may be enquired of, tried, determined, and adjudged, in case such principal Felony shall have been committed within the Body of any County within Ireland, by the Course of the Common Law of Ireland, either within such County wherein the said principal Felony shall have been committed, or within the County wherein the said Offence in procuring* directing, counidling, commanding, and abetting, or otherwise becoming Accessary or Accessaries before the Fast shall have been committed or done; and in case the said principal Felony shall have been committed upon the High Seas, then the said Offence in procuring, directing, counselling, commanding, or abetting such Felony, or of so becoming an Accessary or Accessaries before the Fast to the fame, shall and may be enquired of within Ireland, in and by such Court, and in such Manner and Form, as in and by the said in-part recited Acts of the eleventh, twelfth, and thirteenth Years of the Reign of King James the First, and the twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, is appointed and directed for the trying, determining, and adjudging of Felonies dune upon the High Seas: Provided always, that? no Person or Persons who shall hereafter be once tried and acquitted, or convicted, of any such Offence in procuring, directing, counfciling, commanding, or abetting any Felony, or of otherwise becoming an Accessary or Accessaries before the Fast to such Felony, whether the Trial of such Person or Persons shall have been had according to the Course of the Common Law of Ireland, as in the Case of a Felony committed within the Body of any County in Ireland, or according to the Provisions contained in the said last mentioned Acts, as in the Case of a Felony committed on thd High Seas, shall be liable to be again indicted, prosecuted, or tried for the same Offence in aily Court or Jurisdiction whatsoever.

APi

A.D. 180

8 81

43° GEORGII III. .C. 8o.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for granting to Tils Majesty the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, to be issued and applied towards making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland s and for enabling the Proprietors of Land in Scotland to charge their Estates with a Proportion of the Expence of making and beeping in Repair Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland.

[4th July 1803.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Brr tain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, having granted to your Majesty the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, for this present Year, toward defraying the Expdnce of constructing stich Roads and Bridges in the*Highlands of Scotland, as shall appear to be most immediately necessary for opening extensive Communications*through that Part of the United Kingdom, whereby its Fisheries may be encouraged, and the Industry of it3*Inhabitants greatly promoteddo most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of any Monies granted for the Supply of the present Year, there shall be issued and paid at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain, on of before the thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and three, the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, without any Deduction whatever, to the Commissioners herein after named $ which Sum shall be applied by the said Commissioners towards making such Roads, and erecting Inch Bridgesin the Highlands of Scotland, as shall be judged proper, in the Manner herein after directed, and to no ether Use or Purpose whatsoever: Provided always, that the said Commissioners may invest the said Sum of twenty thousand Pounds in Exchequer Bills, or India Bonds, to be lodged in the Bank of England, until the Came shall be applied in Manner herein directed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, shall order and direct some fit and proper Person or Persons to make a Survey or Surveys of the Roads and Bridges which it shall be deemed most adviseable to make and erect in the Highlands of Scotland; which Person or Persons» shall report upon Oath his or their Opinion thereupon, together with an Estimate of the Expence of the making and erecting respectively each of such Roads and Bridges, to the said Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, who, or any three or more of them, shall thereupon refer such Survey, Opinion, and Lftimates to the said Commissioners herein after named, which said Commissioners shall then considerand determine which of the said Roads and Bridges so surveyed and reported upon, and estimaCed, shall be made and erected in the Maimer herein directed, and shall cause a List and Description thereof, referring to such Survey, to be published m she London and Edinburgh Gazettes; and such Lift and Description shall also be sent to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for every and each County through which the said Roads, or any of them, is or are intended to pass, or in which the said Bridges or-any of them are intended to be erected: Provided always, that if the said Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, shall be satisfied with any Survey or Surveys, and Estimate or Estimates, already made of any such Road or Roads, or Bridge or Bridges, it shall and may be lawful for them to refer the same to the said Commissioners herein after named, who shall advertize and fend Lifts and Descriptions of the same in the Manner herein directed, and such Road or Roads, Bridge or Bridges may be thereupon made and erected pursuant to this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That so soon as a Sum equal to one Half of the Expence so estimated of any such Road, or any such Bridge shall be paid (or secured to be paidj to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners appointed by tins Act; and also Security given to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that such Person or Persons will further bear and defray all such further Sum or Sums of Money, beyond such estimated Expence, as shall be necessary to make and complete such Road or Bridge, the said Commissioners shall direct an Account to be opened in the Books of the said Commissioners, for such Road or Bridge, and shall place to such Account a Slim equal to one Half of the said estimated Expence; and it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons contributing to the Expence of such Road or Bridge, to pay the Money so contributed to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland\ upon an Account to be opened in the Name of the said Commissioners for such Road or Bridge.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Right Honourable the Chancellor of the Exchequer, his Majesty's Advocate for Scotland, all for the Time being, the Right Honourable William Dun das, Sir William Pulteney Baronet, Isaac Hawkins Browne Esquire, NU sholas Fanjittart Esquire, Charles Grant Esquire, William Smith Esquire, and Charles Dundas Esquire, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and they are hereby directed to meet from Time to Time in I^ondon or Westminster, fur the Purposes of this Act; and at all such Meetings, in case of an Equality of Voices, the Chairman shall have a calling Vote.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case of a Vacancy or Vacancies, by Death or Rcflgnation, of any one or more of the said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as he may think proper, to supply such Vacancy or Vacancies, and that every Person so nominated and appointed shall be held and considered to be invested with all the same Powers, as are delegated to the Commissioners appointed by this Act, in whose Room such Pe: son is so nominated.

VI. And be it enacted, That one Half of the Expence of such Road or Bridge being so paid or secured to be paid to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, and a Sum equal thereto transferred in the Accounts of the said Commissioners to the Account of such Road or Bridge in Manner above directed, such Road shall be forth* frith directed to be madq, and such Bridge shall forthwith be directed to be erected, agreeably to the Plan and 43 Geo. III. j U '* Survey

2D, OOoUha 11 be issued out of the idritish Exchequer, to be applied by Commissioners towards making: Roads and Bi idges in the Highlands of Scotland.

Treasury shall order Survn/s to be made.

Commissioners to determine Uicreun.

Surveys and Estimatrs already made may be adopted.

When Half of the tflimated Expence of any Road or Bridge shall be engaged for, the Commissioners shall open an Account for the other Half.

Comraifliorver*.

His Majesty to, appoint Coen-mtflioner? in, case ol Vacancy.

When Expencet is provided for. Roads or*Bridges shall 1* proceeded

882

with according to Hans.

Commissioners and Trustees may make Contrails.

All Exctfs of Expence beyond Eftirrute shall be paid by the.Contributors.

Commissioner shall by June I, 1804, report their Proceedings to the King, and to both Houses of Parliament.

Additional Duties infeited in Schedule A. shall be paid, and Drawbacks in Schedule B. allowed, from July 5, iSoi, where no Due is inserted.

Duties and Drawbacks shall be piopo tiouace to the atftual Quantity.

How' additional Duties on foreign Wine in Stock limit be etiicualed,

C. 8o, 81. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Survey herein directed to be made, or such other Plan as may upon subsequent Confederation be approved by the said Commissioners, so that the Execution thereof shall not exceed the said estimated Expence.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That each and every such Road shall be made, and each and everjr such Bridge shall be erected, in conformity to the Plan and Survey thereof approved of in the Manner herein directed; and the said Commissioners, and the Person or Persons advancing and paying or securing one Half of the Expence thereof as aforesaid, who are hereby constituted Trustees, or such Committee of the said Trustees as they shall appoint in Manner herein directed, are hereby empowered and required to make such Contrafti or Agreements with skilful Persons and their Sureties for the making of such Road or Roads, and the erecting such Bridge or Bridges, and to appoint such Person or Persons as they shall think proper, who may, from Time to Time, under such Regulations as the said Commissioners shall direct, draw for the necessary Sums, to defray the Expence thereof; and such Payments from Time to Time shall be placed to the Account of the said respective Roads or Bridges.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the actual Expence of making any such Road, or erecting any such Bridge, shall exceed the estimated Expence, all such Excess of Expence shall be defrayed by the fevers! Persons who mall have given the Security herein directed, and shall have contributed towards raising one Half of the said estimated Expence, according to the respective Proportions which they may have contributed thereto.

" Commissioners, £sV. may take Ground, on making Satisfaction to the Owners, §9. Application of Com* u pensation Money, §10, 11, 12. Power to dig for Materials, paying for Damages, $ 13, 14. Corporation* u and incapitated Persons enabled to borrow Money for defraying Expence of making Roads and Bridges* a £ if — 21. Heirs of Entail may feu or lease Lands on which to build Inns and Offices; and also for the u erecting of Villages, §21. Committee of Contributors iliali be chosen and ad with the Commissioners* u §22 — 24. Commissioners may appoint Clerks, l&c. and allow them Salaries, §26."

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, on or before the first Day of Junt One thousand eight hundred and four, report their Proceedings in Writing, together with such Observations as they shall think proper, under the Hands and Seals of them, or any three of them, to the King's most Excellent Majesty, and to both Houses of Parliament.

" Limitation of Actions, three Months ten Days* Notice, tlfc — General Issue. — Treble Costs, §28.*

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty, until twelve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive-Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain.

[5th July 1803.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the Supplies to defray the Expences of the just and necessary War in which your Majesty is engaged, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give

and grant unto your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties of Excise herein respectively mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Aavice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon the several Goods* Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities mentioned and described in the Schedule marked A. hereunto annexed, the several Sums of Money and additional Duties of Excise as they are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedule, over and above all Duties that have been paid or that shall have been or may be granted, laid, or imposed by any Act or Acts of the present Session of Parliament for consolidating and Amplifying the Duties of Excise; and that there shall be made, allowed, and paid, for or in respect of Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities, for or in respect whereof any Duty 01 Excise is by this Act imposed, to the several Persons entitled to th"e fame, the several Drawbacks of Excise as the same are aUo respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the Schedule marked B. hereunto annexed; and the same shall commence and take Eftest from the respective Days mentioned in the said Schedules or this Act respectively, in Cases where special Dates are inserted, and in Cases where no Date is inserted, from the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three.

4< Duties shall be under the Management of the respective Commissioners of Excise, §2. Duties and Drawbacks u under this Act, shall be levied, tsfc, as former Duties, &c. §3. Duties shall be payable orr all Wort or Wafts u for making Spirits for Home Consumption, not distilled before July 5, and on foreign Brandy, &3V. for 4i which the former Duties shall not have been paid before June 15, 1803, §4."

V. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where Duties are imposed, or Drawbacks allowed by this Act, on any specifick Quantity of Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities, the same shall, in every Case, be understood and deemed and taken to apply in the same Proportion, and after the same Rate, to any greater or less Quantity than such specifick Quantity.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, in estimating the additional Duties hereby imposed on foreign Wine, as being found upon the first actual Survey by the proper Officer of Excise after the twelfth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of foreign Wine in Bottles, five reputed Quart Bottles shall be reckoned to the Gallon, and two hundred and fifty-two of such Gallons to the Tun; and the said additional Duties payable on foreign

3 Wine,

C. 8i

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII , III.

883

Win^, as being in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of foreign Wine as aforesaid, shall be paid by such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, in Manner following; (that is to say, ) one Fourth-part thereof on the fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, one other Fourth-part thereof on the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four, one other Fourth-part thereof on the fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five, and the remaining Fourth-part thereof on the fifth Day of July One thousand eigjtt hundred and five.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be confirued to extend, to change with any Duty by virtue of this Act, any foreign Wine, in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of foreign Wine, for which the additional Duty by this Act imposed shall have been paid on Importation thereof; nor any foreign Wine, in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of foreign Wine, unless such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, shall have in his, her, or their Stock, Custody, or Possession, on such a&uai Survey as aforesaid, after the said twelfth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, a Quantity or Quantities of such foreign Wine exceeding two hundred and fifty-two Gallons, reckoning five reputed Quart Bottles to a Gallon, for ml such Wine as shall be in Bottles.

and how paid. [See Schedule A.

frine.}

Foreign Wine in Stock for which the additional Duty shall have been paid on Importation, shall not b« charged, nor any Stock found on Survey not to exceed 152 Gallons.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Wine taken and condemned as Prize, and sold by the Captors or their Agents, and taken out of any Warehouse wherein the same shall be or shall have been secured for Consumption in this Kingdom, shall be subject and liable to the additional Duties respectively by this Act imposed for or in respect of Wine imported; and such additional Duties shall be paid and payable by such Persons, and in such Manner, as the Duties on such Wines are now payable.

IX. And be it further enacted, That for any Sort of Wines shipped under the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions prescribed by Law for the Use of Admirals, Captains, or other commissioned Officers, employed in his Majesty's Strvice for their actual Consumption on board such of his Majesty's Ships as they shall respectively serve in, a Drawback shall be allowed and paid of the whole Duties by this Act imposed.

Maltsters, Brewers, £fc. shall give an Account to the Officer of Excise of Malt in their Possession on July y, 44 1803, on Penalty of 100l. £sV.; and the Duties on such Malt shall be paid by certain Instalments (the last €l on March 3, 1804), on Penalty of Double the Amount, §10. Officers of Excise may enter Premises of " Maltsters, &V. to take an Account of Malt in Stock, on July 5, 1803. Penalty of iool. for not suffering " Officers to take Stock, for molesting them in the Execution of their Duty, or for clandestinely removing Malt, &c. Malt removed or concealed may be seized. Penalty for Defect of Notice, 408. per Bushel, " §11." ISee §26, 27 of 42 G. 3. c. 38.

XII. And whereas by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, it was enabled, that all Beer or Ale above the Price of sixteen Shillings the Barrel, (exclusive of the Duties, ) should be denominated and deemed

to be Strong Beer or Ale, and all Beer of the Price of sixteen Shillings the Barrel or under, (exclusive of the Duty, ) should be denominated and deemed to be Table Beer within the Meaning of the said Act, and all

other Acts relating to Beer or Ale: And whereas it is expedient, during the Continuance of this Act, to, permit Brewers of Table Beer to encrease the Price thereof; be it therefore enacted, That during the

Continuance of this Act, all Beer and Ale above the Price of eighteen Shillings the Barrel, (exclusive of the Duties, ) shall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be Strong Beer or Ale; and all Beer of the Price of eighteen Shillings the Barrel, or under, (exclusive of Duties, ) shall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be Table Beer within the Meaning of the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, and this Act, and of all other Acts of Parliament in Force relating to Beer or Ale; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The Duties on Tea exported to Ireland shall be paid to the East India Company, and by them to the Excise Office, to be paid to the Exchequer to the Credit of Ireland, §13." [Repealed by f 1. of c. 129. of this

Session. 3

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such and the like Bonds shall be taken for the due'Exportation of such Tea, and the like Certificates for the due landing thereof as are now by Law required.

The Amount of the additional Duties of Excise under this or any other Act of this Session, may be added to Articles contracted for, §15. Penalty for obstructing Officers in Execution of this Act, in Cases not otherwise provided for by this Act, 200l., §16. Recovery and Application of Penalties, f 17. [as §35, 36. 44 of 42 G. 3. c. 38.]"

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the said Duties, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted, ) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the publick Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said respective Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever; and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt mail, from Time to Time, as the fame, shall be paid into the said Receipt, be issued and applied to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in this present Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and three, or shall be voted by the said Commons for the Service of any subsequent Year; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being',

5U2 or

Prize Wine fol* for Home Con-fumptionihall be subject to the additional Duties

Drawback of the Duties shall be allowed on Wine shipped for Naval Officers.

Beer or Ale above 18s. per Barrel, exclusive of Duty, shall be deemed Strong, and at 18s. or under. Table Beer, during Continuance of this Act. f<Ser 42 G, 3. c. 38. S 7.]

The present Boudv Cr Exportation of Tea shall be taken, &c.

Duties shall be paid into the Exchequer, and kept separate, and shall be applied as shall be voted by the House of Commons, for Service of 1803, or subsequent Yc jm.

C. 8l.

4T GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are and is hereby authorized and empowered, to issue and apply the same accordingly*

Act may be altered or repealed this Session, j 19. Continuance of Act (au in Title), §20.'*

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE A.

MALT.

For every Buftiel of Malt which, from and after the 5 th Day of July 1803, shall be made in that Part of Great Britain called England, from Barley or any other Corn or Grain -

For every Buftiel of Malt which, from and after the 5th Day of July 1803, shall be made in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Barley, or any other Corn or Grain except Beer or Bigg _ _ _ - - _ -

For every Buftiel of Malt which, from and after the 5th Day of July 1803, shall be made in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Beer or Bigg only, without any Mixture of Barley, or any other Corn or Grain therewith -

For every JBufhel of Malt, which shall be brought from Scotland, into that Part of Great Britain called England, without a Certificate from the proper Officer, that it hath paid the full Duty of two Shillings, hereby imposed on every Buftiel of Malt made in England, to be paid down in ready Money, by the Person bringing the same, upon Entry with the proper Officer, for the Duties on Malt, at the Port into which such Malt shall be brought, before the landing thereof, in case the same be brought by Sea, or with the proper Officer of the said Duties, in the Towns of Berwick or Carlisle, in case the same be brought by Land -

For every Buftiel of Malt, whether ground or unground, made of Barley, or of any other Corn, or Grain, belonging to any Maltsteror Maker of Malt, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Brewer, Distiller, Innkeeper, Victualler, or Vinegar Maker, which shall be either in his Custody or Possession, or in the Custody or Possession of any other Person or Persons whatever, in Trust for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their Use, Benefit, or Account, in Great Britain, on the 5th Day of Jub 1803 -

Duty. £ '*0 2 0

0 2 O

C I

0 0 8

O 2 0

WINE*.

For every Tun of French Wine imported into Great Britain, for which all the Duties that shall have been charged, or shall be chargeable thereon, shall not have been paid, before the 13th Day of June 1803, or which on the 12th Day of June 1803, shall be remaining in any Warehouse,

Storehouse, Vault, or Cellar, under the Locks of the Officers of the Customs or Excise — 18 O O

For every Tun of all other Wines (not being French Wines) imported into Great Britain, for which all the Duties that shall have been charged, or shall be chargeable thereon, shall not be paid before the 13th Day of June 1803, or which on the 12th Day of June 1803, shall be remaining in any Warehouse, Storehouse, Vault, or Cellar, under the Locks of the Officers of the Customs or Excise, or in any Warehouse in which the same shall have been or shall be lodged or deposited under and by virtue of an Act, passed in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to permit Portugal Wine to be landed and ware-" housed without Payment of Duties, under certain Retiriftions for a limited Time" — 12 o *

For every Tun of French Wine which shall have been found on the first actual Survey by the proper Officer of Excise after the 12th Day of June 1803, in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in or Seller or Sellers of foreign Wine — — — 18 o a

For every Tun of all other Wines (not being French Wines) which shall have been found on the first actual Survey by the proper Officer of Excise after the 12th Day of June 1803, in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of foreign Wine 12 o

S\VEETS.

For every Barrel of Liquor which, from and, after the 5th Day of July 1803, shall be made in Great Britain for Sale, by Infusion, Fermentation, or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit or Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the Name of Made Wines — — — 07a

SPIRITS.

For every Gallon of Wort or Wash brewed or made for extracting Spirits in England for Home Consumption, from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the same -

For every Gallon of Cyder or Perry, or ativ other Wash or Liquor brewed or made as aforesaid from any Sort or Kind of British Materials, except such as are before mentioned, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption -

7

o o 5$

005

Spirit*,

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Spirits, continued.

For every Gallon of Wort or Wash brewed or made as aforesaid from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption -

For every Gallon of Wash brewed or made as aforesaid from foreign refused Wine or foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from any foreign Materials, except Melasses and Sugar, or any Mixture therewith for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption -

For every one hundred and twenty Gallons of Wash which Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, and the Survivors and Survivor of them possessed of the Distillery and Pre-mifc3 in which George Bishop deceased carried on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva at Maid-stone in the County of Kent, shall produce on or before the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four, from a Weight of Malt or other Corn, including the Bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve Pounds Avoirdupois -

For every Gallon of Wash in the Possession of the said Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, at any Time when thirty Gallons of any Walh so in their Possession taken and distilled by the Officer of Excise, according to the Directions and under the Authority of an Act made in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall be found to produce more than two Gallons and one Eighth of a Gallon of Spirits at the Strength of one in fix under Hydrometer Proof -

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still, including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the Steam can ascend, and until the Top of the Head shall turn downwards, and form an Angle of forty-five Degrees, which shall be used or employed for any or either of the Purposes herein after mentioned; that is to say,

- For the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits for Consumption in Scotland from

Com, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder, or Perry, or other Wash or Liquor made or brewed from any Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, in any Part or Place in Scotland, other than and except the Highland Distnct, particularly specified and described in the Acts in that Case made and provided, the annual Sum of -

For the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits for Consumption in Scotland,

from Melasses or Sugar, or ary Mixture therewith, in any Part or Place in Scotland, the annual Sim of -

For the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits for Consumption in Scotland

from foreign refused Wines, or foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from foreign Materials, except Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, in any Part or Place in Scotland, the annual Sum of -

- And for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing, in any Part or Place in Scotland, of any Kind of Spirits or Strong Waters for Consumption in Scotland, the annual

For every Gallon EnglfoVTine Measure, of Spirits of the Strength'of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, and To in Proportion for any higher or lower Degree of Strength, which shall be made or distilled in any Part or Place in Scotland, for Consumption in Scotland, not exceeding the Number of Gallons of Spirits limited and restricted to be distilled according to the annual Rates herein after mentioned by or from each Still, to be paid over and above the aforesaid Duty on the Content of the Still, and the herein after mentioned Duty on the Worts or Wash from which such Spirits may he or may have been made or distilled, the Sum of —

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of all Worts cr Wash brewed or made in any Part or Place in Scotland, other than and except in the Highland District aforesaid, for extracting Spirits for Consumption in Scotland from any Malt, Corn, Grain, Tilts, Cyder, or Perry, or other Worts, Wash, or Liquor made or brewed from any Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith -

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of all Worts or Wash brewed or made in any Part or Place in Scotland for extracting Spirits for Consumption in Scotland from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, or from foreign refused Wines, or foreign Cyder or Wash prepared from foreign Materials, or any Mixture therewith -

For every Gallon English Wine Measure of the cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still, including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the Steam can ascend, and until the Top of the Head shall turn, downwards and form an Angle of forty-five Degrees, which shaft be used and employed in diddling and drawing off Spirits in the Highland District aforesaid for Consumption in the said Highland District only, from the Barley, Beer, or Bigg, of the Growth of the several and respective Counties, Parts of Counties, and Places within the said Highland District, the cubical Content or Capacity of such Still not being less than thirty nor more than forty Gallons, thF annual Sum of -

C. 81.

Duty.

£. t.

008

O O II

o 15 o 006

54 ° ©

335 0 0

380 o o 54 o o

003

O O lj 00 ll

3 5. P Spirits,

886

C. 8i

43

0 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

SCHEDULE (A.) Duty.

Spirits, continued,

For every Gallop, English Wine Measure exceeding forty Gallons, of the cubical Content or Capacity of each and every such Still which shall be so used and employed by, or shall be in the Possession of, such licensed Person within the Highland, District aforesaid, of larger Dimensions than aforesaid, the Surplus not being more than three Gallons over and above the said forty Gallons, the annual Sum of - 4150

For and upon all Spirits of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof which shall be distilled in Scotland for Consumption m Scotland\ exceeding the several and respective Quantities herein after mentioned, over and above all other Duties whatsoever, the several Sums herein after mentioned; (that is to say, )

- For every Gallon of such Surplus Spirits distilled from Malt, Corn, or any British

Materials, exceeding the annual Rate of two thousand and twenty-five Gallons of the

Strength aforesaid, for each Gallon of the Content of the Still when the before-mentioned annual Duty of fifty-four Pounds shall be paid for every Gallon of such Content in the Lowlands of Scotland, or exceeding the annual Rate of fifty-two Gallons of the Strength aforesaid, for each Gallon of the Content of the Still when the before-mentioned annual Duty of three Pounds five Shillings, or of four Pounds fifteen Shillings respectively, shall be paid for every GaHon of such Content in the Highland District aforesaid, the Sum of - 016

For every Gallon of such Surplus Spirits distilled from Melasses or Sugar exceeding the annual Rate of four thousand and fifty Gallons of the Strength aforesaid, for each Gallon of the Content of the Still when the before-mentioned annual Duty of three hundred and thirty-five Pounds shall be paid, for every Gallon of such Content in any Part or Place of Scotland, the Sum of -

- And for every Gallon of such Surplus Spirits, distilled from other foreign Materials

than Melasses or Sugar, exceeding the annual Rate of three thousand six hundred and forty-five Gallons of the Strength aforesaid, for each Gallon of the Content of the StHl when the before-mentioned annual Duty of three hundred and eighty Pounds shall be paid, for every Gallon of such Content in any Part or Place in Scotland the Sum of -

For every Gallon of Spirits deficient, if the Quantity of Spirits computed at the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall be produced to the proper Officer or Officers of Excise by any Distiller in Scotland, and be actually charged with the before-mentioned Duty of three Pence for every Gallon, shall be found to fall short of the Quantity which ought to have been produced according to the before-mentioned annual Rates, the Sum of - ' -

For every Deficiency of Spirits in every Case where the Spirits extracted by any Distiller in Scotland, and produced to the proper Officer of Excise, and actually charged with the Duty of three Pence for every Gallon, shall fall short of the respective Proportions herein after mentioned, the several Sums herein after mentioned; (that is to say, )

- If the Spirits in which the Deficiency shall be discovered, shall have been made or distilled from Malt, Corn, or British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, and if any Distiller in the Lowlands of Scotland shall not produce to the proper Officer at lead eleven Gallons English Wine Measure of Spirits of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, for every one hundred Gallons of Waffi prepared from the said Materials, and found in the Custody of such Distiller; or if any Distiller in the Highland Dillri& of Scotland shall not produce to the Officer at least fix Gallons of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid for every one hundred Gallons of Walh prepared from Barley, Beer, or Bigg of the Growth of the said Highlands or any Mixture therewith, and found in the Custody of such Distiller, for every Gallon deficient, the Sum of -

- If the Spirits in which the Deficiency shall be discovered shall have been made or distilled from Melafifes or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, and any Distiller in any Part or Place in Scotland shall not produce to the proper Officer at lead twenty-two Gallons of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid, for every one hundred Gallons of Walh prepared from the said Materials and found in the Custody of such Distiller, for every Gallon deficient -

- Or if the Spirits in which the Deficiency shall be discovered shall have been dif-

tilled from any other foreign Materials, dr any Mixture therewith, and any DifUller in any Part or Place in Scotland shall not produce to the proper Officer at least twenty Gallons of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid, for every one hundred Gallons of Wash prepared from the said Materials and found in the Custody of such Distiller, for every Gallon

deficient -

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of Spirits of a Strength not exceeding that of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in Proportion for any higher Degree of Strength,

made or distilled in England, and imported or brought from thence into Scotland -

For every Gallon of British Spirits of a Strength not exceeding that of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, manufactured in Scotland, and brought from thence into England -

o 2 4!

o 2 to!

009 O I 10!

024

0 2 0

0 2. 5

Spirit*.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III.

C. 81.

SCHEDULE (A.) Duty.

Spirits, continued. / d.

For every Gallon of all fuclr Spirits as last aforesaid, of a greater Strength than one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding three per Centum over and above one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, two Shillings and five Pence; and also a further Duty proportioned to the Degree of Strength in which such Spirits shall exceed the said Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof - o*$

and a Surcharge.

For every Gallon of Single Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, imported into Great Britain -

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae above Proof, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, imported into Great Britain -

For every Gallon of Single Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies -

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae above Proof, imported by the United Company

of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies - 073

For every Gallon of Single Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vitae, or Strong Waters of any Sort or Kind, oth^r than such Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae as aforesaid, imported into Great Britain, not being Irish Spirits, imported directly from Inland -

For every Gallon of Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vitae, or Strong Waters above Proof, other than such Brandy, Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae as aforesaid, imported into Great Britain, not being Irish Spirits, imported directly from Ireland - o 8 2}

- o 3 si

- 0 6

- 039

- o 4 if

TEA.

For and upon all Tea which, from and after the 12th Day of June 1803, shall have been or shall be sold in Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eqjl Indies, to be computed upon the Gross Prices at which such Tea shall be sold, and to be paid by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Tea to the said United Company, and by the said United Company to the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being -

(IRJSH) BEER, ALE, OR MUM.

For every Barrel, confiding of thirty-six Gallons English Beer Measure, of Irjb Beer, Ale, or Mum, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland -

45 o O per Centum

04H

(IRISH) SWEETS.

For every Barrel of Sweets, or Made Wines of Irjh Manufacture, which shall be imported directly

from Ireland into Great Britain - 07

IRISH SPIRITS.

For every Gallon of Spirits, Aqua Vitas, or Strong Waters, diddled or made in Ireland., and imported into Great Britain, at a Strength not exceeding one to ten over Hydrometer Proof - 0 2 iof

For and upon all such Spirits, lad above mentioned, above the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, a Duty in Proportion tq the last mentioned Duty, and for and upon all such of the said Spirits as shall be sweetened or compounded, a like Duty, computed upon the highed Degree of Strength at which such Spirits can be made.

SCHEDULE (R.)

DRAWBACKS.

For every Barrel of Strong Beer or Ale, brewed or made in Great Britain, above eighteen Shif-lings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duty, and not being two-penny Ale, mentioned and described in the seventh Article of the Treaty of Union with Scotland, which shall be duly exported to foreign Parts, as Merchandize, and which shall be proved to have been brewed after the 5th Day of July 1803, the Sum of - O 4 II

For every Tun of foreign Wine, which shall be exported to foreign Parts by way of Merchandize, from or out of the entered Stock of any Dealer of Dealers or Seller or Sellers of such Wine, the Whole of the Duties by this Act imposed respectively.

For all Tea, for and in respect whereof the Duty by this Act imposed shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize, directly from the Warehouses in which the same shall have been lodged, according to Law, upon the Importation thereof, to any Place on the Exportation of Tea, to which a Drawback of the Duty is now allowed by Law, the Whole of the Duty by this Act imposed.

888

r.8j SC 124.

«y to Scotland;

c. 85. m to Ireland; and c. iox, <is to Lonuon,]

Lieutenant? and Deputy Lieutenants of Counties in England [under Militia Act 41 G. 3. c. 90.] eni-powered to execute this Act.

Number of Privets Men to be raised under this Act in each County in England and Wales.

Provisions respecting Counties shall extend to Ridings; Hundreds to

C. 82. .4.3* GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

CAP. I.XXXII.

An Act to enable his Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble, in England, an additional Military Force, for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War.

[6th July 1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, for the more effectual Defence and Security of the United Kingdom against the avowed Designs of the Enemy, and for the vigorous Prosecution of the War, that a strong additional Force should be forthwith raised and assembled in England/ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That his Majesty's Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants, conllituted and appointed by virtue, or acting in the Execution of the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Militia for the Comities, Ridings, and Places herein after mentioned, and all Justices of the Peace, shall respectively have full Power and Authority, and are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to call together, levy, and enrol such Persons, and in such Manner as herein after directed, and to do all Acts, Matters, and Things necessary for carrying this Act into Execution, in like Manner, and as fully and effectually as they are respectively authorized, empowered, or required to carry into Execution an Act passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, an Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia of England, and for augmenting the Militia, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Militia of England'.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Number of Private Men to be raised by virtue of this Act shall be as follows (that is to say)': For the County of Bedford two hundred and fifty-six; for the County of Berks four hundred and forty-three; for the County of Bucks four hundred and thirty five; for the County of Cambridge three hundred and fifty-two.; for the County of Chester, with the City and County of the City of Chester, seven hundred and two; for the Cinque Ports, two ancient Towns, and their Members, four hundred 5 for the County of Cornwall five hundred and seventy-five; for the County of Cumberland four hundred and six; for the County of Derby six hundred and fourteen; for the County of Devon, with the City and County of the City of Exeter, one thousand two hundred and fifty-seven; for the County of Dorset, with the Town and County of the Town of Poole, three hundred and eighty-five; for the County of Durham four hundred and ferenty-eight; for the County of Essex nine hundred and seventy-nine; for the County of Gloucester, with the City and County of the City of Gloucester, and City and County of the City of Bridol, seven hundred and seventy-six; for the County of Hereford four hundred and twenty; for the County of Hertford four hundred and one; for the County of Huntingdon one hundred and nineteen; for the County of Kent, with the City and County of the City of Canterbury, exclusive of such of the Cinque Ports as are situate within the said County of Kent, one thousand and twenty-six; for the County of I^ancaster two thousand four hundred and twenty-five; for the County of Leicester five hundred and twenty-nine; for the County of Lincoln, with the City and County of the City of Lincoln, seven hundred and fifty-six; for the County of Middlesex, exclusive of the Tower Dfvi-fion commonly called The Tower Hamlets, two thousand one hundred and fifty-nine; for the County of Monmouth one hundred and seventy-seven; for the County of Norfolk, with the City and County of the City of Norwich, nine hundred and twenty-seven; for the County of Northampton six hundred and eight; for the County of Northumberland, with the Town and County of the Town of NewcrJlle-upon-Tyne, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, six hundred and thirty-five; for the County of Nottingham, with the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, five hundred and sixty; for the County of Oxford four hundred and twenty-four; for the County of Rutland fifty-four; for the County of Salop seven hundred and ninety-two; for the County of Somerset nine hundred and eighty-three; for the County of Southampton, with the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, six hundred and eighty-four; for the Ifile of Wight one hundred and four; for the County of Stafford, with the City and County of the City of Litchfield, nine hundred and eleven; for the County of Suffolk eight hundred and sixty-seven; for the County of Surrey nine hundred and sixty-three; for the County of Sussex, exclusive of such of the Cinque Ports as are situate within the said County of Sussex, six hundred and twenty-one; for the Tower Hamlets and Liberty of the Tower eight hundred; for the County of Warwick, with the City and County of the City of Coventry inclusive of Birmingham, seven hundred and thirteen; for the County of Westmorland one hundred and eighty; for the County of Wilts seven hundred and twenty-seven; for the County of Worcester, with the City and County of the City of Worcester, five hundred and eighty-eight; for the West Riding of the County of York, with the City and County of the City of York, one thousand nine hundred and eighty-nine; for the North Riding of the said County five hundred and seventy-seven; for the East Riding of the said County, with the Town and County of the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull, four hundred and fifty-two; for the County of Anglesey one hundred and nine; fop the County of Brecon one hundred and forty-seven; for the County of Cardigan one hundred and sixty-seven; for the County of Carmarthen, with the County Borough of Carmarthen, two hundred and forty-eight; for the County of Carnarvon one hundred and twenty-eight; for the County of Denbigh two hundred and twenty-six; for the County of Flint one hundred and thirty-five; for the County of Glamorgan two hundred and seventy-five; for the County of Merioneth one hundred and twenty-seven 5 for the County of Montgomery one hundred and sixty-seven; for the County of Pembroke, with the Town and County of the Town of Haverford West, one hundred and sixty-eight; and for the County of Radnor seventy-four.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things whatever in this Act contained, relating to Counties, shall extend1 and be conftmed to extend to all Ridings and Places required to provide Men under this Act; and all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things in this Act contained, relating to Hundreds, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes,

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 82.

takes, and other Divisions in or of any such County, Riding, City, or Place ? and all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things in this Act contained, relating to Parishes, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Township, Tythings, and Places, and to all extra-parochial Places united therewith for the Purposes of this Act, or of any Act relating to the Militia, as fully and amply as if they were severally and respectively repeated, in every such Provision, Direction, and Clause, and with relation to every such Matter or Thing.

IV. And be it further enacted, That a General Meeting of Lieutenancy shall be held in each County within ten Days after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as may be; and at such General Meeting the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants, or such of them as shall be present at such Meeting, shall appoint the Number of Men to be raised in pursuance of this Act for each Hundred within the County to which they belong, ^haying regard, where necessary, to the Number of Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps enrolled in any of the said Hundreds, and entitled to Exemptions under the Provisions of this Act, and shall appoint the Days for the first Subdivision Meetings, and issue Orders to the Constables to amend the Lifts already returned under the several Acts relating to the Militia, as the Case shall require, and in such Manner that the Names of all Persons liable to be ballotted by virtue of this Act to serve in the Army to be raised in pursuance thereof, shall be inserted therein, and so as that the Names of all Persons liable to serve, who may have come to reside or aftu-ally be in the Parish at the Tiipe of amending such Lifts may be inserted therein; and that the Names of all Persons exempted from serving under this Act, or who may have left the Parish for the Purpose of residing in any other Parish, before the twenty-second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, shall be (truck out; and to affix such amended Lifts to the Doors of the Churches of their respective Parishes or otherwise, as is directed by the said Act of the forty-second Year aforesaid, and to give Notice in Manner therein directed, of the Days of Appeals (which Appeals are hereby directed to be heanl and determined on the Days respectively appointed in the several Counties for such first Subdivision Meetings); and such Constables shall, without uny Delay, proceed to amend such Lifts, and affix the same according to the Direction of the said Acts, before the Sunday preceding the first Subdivision Meeting appointed under this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants of any County, if it shall appear to be absolutely necessary for raising the Men under this Act, and not otherwise, to order and direct the making new Lists of Persons liable to serve, and to give Directions for that Purpose, and appoint Times for the Notices and Returns relating thereto; and then and ia such Case all the Powers, Directions, Penalties, Fines, and Forfeitures in the said recited Acts contained, relating to the making of new Lifts, shall be applied and put in Force for that Purpose, according to such Directions, as fully as if the same were herein re-enacted, and such respective Times for Notices and Returns, and other Matters and Things, were specially herein directed and enacted.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person being a Commissioned Officer in his Majesty's other Forces, whether Regular or Militia, now embodied, or in any one of his Majesty's Castles or Torts, nor any Officer on Half-Pay of the Army, Navy, or Marines, nor any Non-commissioned Officer or Private Man serving in any of his Majesty's Regular or militia Forces, nor any Person being a Resident Member of either of the Universities in England, nor any Clergyman, nor any licenced Teacher of any separate Congregation in Holy Orders, or pretended Holy Orders, and not carrying on any Trade, or exercising any 'Other Occupation for Ms Livelihood except that of a Schoolmaster, and who shall have been so licensed on or before the eighth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, nor any Constable or other Peace Officer, nor any Person being and having been on or before the twenty-second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three an articled Clerk, nor any Apprentice being at the passing of this Act under the Age of twenty-one Years, nor any professional Seaman or Seafaring Man, actually earning his Livelihood as such Seaman or Seafaring Man, nor any Person trained and actually doing Duty and mustered in any of his Majesty* Docks or Dock-Yards for the Service thereof, or actually employed and mustered in his Majesty's Service in the Tower of London, Woolwich Warren, the several Gun Wharfs, or at the several Powder Mills, Powder Magazines, or other Storehouses belonging to his Majesty under the Direction of the Board of Ordnance, nor any Person being free of the Company or Watermen of the River Yhames, nor any poor Man having more than one Child born in lawful Wedlock under ten Years of Age, or infirm, nor any Person who has served personally or by Substitute in the Militia raised by virtue of any Act or Acts relating to the Militia, shall be liable to serve personally or provide a Substitute to serve in the Army to be raised by virtue of this Act, unless by Rotation it shall have come to the Turn of any such Person to be again ballotted for; but no Person who has served in any of his Majesty's Regular Forces, or as a Substitute or Volunteer in the Militia, and hath been discharged from or quitted the fame, shall by such Service be exempted from serving in the said Army to be raised by virtue of this Act, if he shall be choion by Ballot.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, Trumpeter, Drummer, or Private Man, who shall have offered himself and been accepted, and who shall have been duly and actually enrolled on or before the twenty-second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, in the Honourable Artillery Company of the City of London, or in any Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps raised or continued under an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, the Services of which Corps shall have been accepted on or before the twenty-second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, and whose Services shall, as to all such Corps formed in the Metropolis, Bristol, Exeter, Liverpool, Chester, Manchester, Hull, Norwich, Torh, Leeds, Sheffield, and Birmingham respectively, extend, in Cases of actual Invasion, or Appearance of Invasion, to the respective Cities and Places aforesaid in which they shall have been forfned* and their respective Vicinities, and as to all other Corps, to the military District in which such Corps shall be situate, shall be liable to serve porfonally or provide a Substitute to serve in the Army to be raised by virtue of

43G10.HI. yX this

889

other Divisions, and Pat ifhe* to Townships, kc>

Meeting of Lieutenancy shall appoint the Number of Men to-be raised in each Hundred, and also the Day* for the first Subdivision Meetings; and issue Orders to the Constabless ko amend Lifts, and affix them to the Church Doors, &c.

New- Lifts may be made when necessary.

Exeroptkwt.

Further Exemptions atto Volunteer Corps.

C. 82.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

No Person in Volunteer Corps exempted unless entered on the Muftet Rol! on r before June Z2, 1803.

Rolls shall be returned to the Clerks of the General Meeting?. No Person five Feet two Inches high shall be deemed unfit.

Subdivision Meetings shall determine Appeals, appoint

this Act, attong only at tie shall actually continue to belong to and serve in such Corps in Manner herein after mentioned.

VIIIc Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person in any such Yeomanry or Volunteer Corpt as aforesaid, shall be exempted from Service under this Act, unless he shall have entered his Name in a Muster-Rollof such Corps for Service on or before the twenty-second Day of June aforesaid, and shall be returned to the Deputy Lieutenants of the Subdivision in which he shall reiide, as so entered by the Commanding Officer of such Corps; and all Commanding Officers of such Corps are hereby required to return such Muster-Rolls, signed by them respectively, to the Clerks of the General Meetings of Lieutenancy of their respective Counties before the Day appointed for the iirfh Subdivision Meetings under this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Person chosen by Ballot to serve in the said Army, nor any Substitute, being of the full Height of five Feet two Inches, who shall be otherwise able-bodied, and fit for Service, shall be deemed unfit for Service, or be liable to be discharged on account of his Stature.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenants, assembled at such first Subdivision Meetings, shall proceed to hear and determine Appeals on such amended Lifts, and after amending such Lifts on such Appeals, shall appoint what Number of Men shall serve for each Parish within such Subdivision, in Proportion to the Number appointed to serve for each Hundred, and shall cause Duplicates of such amended Lifts

what Number of to be sent to the Clerks to the General Meetings, who shall return Abstracts thereof to his Majesty's Privy fc^eac'h ParUfiC Council, and shall appoint another Meeting to beholden as soon as conveniently may be, and within one WeeL 1' from the Day on which such Meeting was holden within the same Subdivision, for the Purpose of ballotting for the Men to serve under this Act for the several Parishes in such Subdivision; and the Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, assembled in pursuance of such Appointment, shall cause the proper Number of Men to be chosen by Ballot out of the Lifts returned for every Parish, and amended as aforesaid, and shall appoint another Meeting to be holden as soon as conveniently may be, and within fourteen Days, in the same Subdivision, for the Purpose of enrolling the Men required to serve as aforesaid, and shall issue out an Order to the chief Constables, or other Officers of the respective Hundreds, to direct the Constable, Tythingmao, Headborough, or other Officer of every Parish, to give Notice to every Man so ballotted to appear at such Meeting; which Notice shall be given or left at the Place of Abode of every such Person at lead five Days before such Meeting; and such Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer, shall attend such Meeting, and make a Return upon Oath of the Days when such Notice was served; and every Person so chosen by Ballot shall, upon such Notice, appear at such Meeting, and shall be enrolled (in a Roll to be then and there prepared for that Purpose), to serve in the Army to be raised by virtue of this Act, under the Regulations herein after mentioned, as a Private Man.

and fend Duplicates of amended Lifts toClerks oi GeneralMeet-ings (who shall return Abstracts to the Privy Council); shall appointMeetings for ballot ting and inrolling; order Constables to give Notice to the Men to appear, Sec.

Men shall appear upon Notice, to be enrolled.

N >tlce to the

"Wife, &c. good Service j and if any Man does nut appear in 14 Days, he shall be advertised, and subject to the Penalties for absconding from the Militia.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Delivery of any Notice of any Man being ballotted to serve in the said Army to the Wife, or any Servant, or Member of his Family, or left at the usual or lad Place of Abode of such Person, shall be deemed as good and sufficient Service thereof as if he was personally served therewith; and in case any Man so ballotted shall neglect to appear for the Space of fourteen Days after the Delivery of such Notice, the Deputy Lieutenants, or any two of them, if it shall appear to them that such Person has left his Place of Abode for the Purpose of evading the Provisions of this Act, shall and may order such Man to be advertised in any Newspaper circulating in the County, or any neighbouring Counties, as appear to the Deputy Lieutenants to be expedient, and the Expence thereof shall be defrayed by the Receiver General of such County; and every such Person who shall not thereupon appear, and abide the Order of the said Deputy Lieutenants according to the Provisions of this Act, shall be subject to such and the like Pains, Punishments, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are in the said recited Act or any other Act contained, in relation to Men absconding or deserting from the Militia.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if through the Neglect or Mistake of any Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, or any Chief Constables, Constables, or other Officers, or from any other Cause, any Act or Acts, Matters or Things hereby required to be done at any such Meeting as aforesaid, shall not be performed, it shall be lawful for the Persons respectively authorized and required to do any such Act, Matter, or Thing, to carry the same into Execution at any subsequent Meeting, and all such Acts, Matters, and Tilings, shall be as good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been done at the Meeting in this Act mentioned for such Purpose; and if the full Number of Men appointed for any Subdivision ihoufd not be duly enrolled at any Meeting appointed for that Purpose, the Deputy Lieutenants at such Meeting, or at any subsequent Meeting, or any two or more of them, may and they are hereby required, immediately to cause any Lifts to be amended, if necessary, and to proceed to a frefti Ballot, and to adjourn their Meeting, or appoint other Meetings, as may be expedient for carrying the Purposes of this Act duly and fully into Execution; and

r it shall be lawful for any one Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace to administer the Oaths required by luL'ifter'oaikr" to ta^cn by Persons to serve in the said Army, to any Person ballotted, or to any Person offering

as a Volunteer under the Direct ions of this Act, or to any Person who shall offer to serve as a Substitute; and such Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized to direct and require the Clerk of the Subdivision for which the Person having taken such Oath is to serve, to enrol the Name of every such Person, together with the Day on which the said Oath was so administered to him, in the Roll of such Subdivision.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear to any two or more Deputy Lieutenants assembled at any Subdivision Meeting, that any Person who is not seised or possessed of any Estate in Land,

Goods,

Acts omitted to be done at any Meeting may be done at a subsequent Meeting; and if the full Number should not be enrolled, a fresh HaJlot shall be had, Sec.

One Deputy Lieutenant or

ai d requite Subdivision Cc» k to enrol the Perkns {worn.

ubdi\ if. on Meeting may 4&harge unfit

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 82. 891

Goods, or Money of the clear Value of one hundred Pounds, and who shall make Oath that he is not seised or Perfomnot possessed of such Estate, who shall have beencliofen by Ballot to serve in the said Army, is unable by reason of w°r*h , °°1, an<* any Infirmity, or is otherwise unfit for the Service, such Deputy Lieutenants shall and are hereby empowered J^choseiT* and required to discharge such Person, and immediately to amend the Lift for the Place for which such Person shall have been ballotted, and to cause another Person to be chosen in his Stead by Ballot, according to the Directiont of this Act.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Persons who shall be ballotted to serve in the said Army, to find and produce Substitutes, who being of the same or some adjoining County, and able and fit to serve, and being approved in Manner directed by the said Act and this Act, shall be enrolled and sworn; and the Persons finding such Substitutes shall not be again liable to be ballotted to serve, or to find Substitutes to serve under this Act, unless it shall again come to the Turn of any such Person; and no Person produced as a Substitute shall be rejected by any Deputy Lieutenants, for or on account of the Number of his Children, any Thing in any former Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person chosen by Ballot, according to the Directions of this Act, to serve in the said Army (not being one of the People called Quakers), shall refuse or neglect to appear and take the said Oath, and serve in the said Army, or to provide a Substitute to be approved as aforesaid, who shall take the said Oath, and sign his Consent to serve as his Substitute, every such Person so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds; and whenever any Ballot shall take place for the filling up any Vacancy, or otherwise in the same Parish or Place, under the Authority of this Act, after the Expiration of one Year from the Tim$ of such Person being so ballotted as aforesaid, such Person shall be liable to be ballotted again to serve or provide a Substitute under this Act $ and in Default of Payment of any such Penalty, or for Want of sufficient Effects whereon to levy the same, the Name of such Person, if fit to serve, and not being of the People called Quakers, shall be entered on the Roll; and such Person shall be delivered over to some proper Officer in his Majesty's Service, near to such Parish or Place, and shall be compelled to serve, in like Manner as any other rerson ballotted for would be compellable to serve, and shall be subject to the same Punishments for afterwards absconding or deserting, as he would have been subject to in case he had appeared and been duly sworn and enrolled.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Deputy Lieutenants to provide, in Manner directed by the said recited Acts, a Substitute for any Quaker ballotted under this Act, and levy such Penalty or Sum of twenty Pounds aforesaid, by Distress and Sale, in Manner directed by the said recited Act, on the Goods and Chattels of the Quaker for whom such Substitute shall be provided, and the Overplus, if any, shall be paid and applied as directed by this Act.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases the respective Parishes shall complete their Quota of Men ordered to be raised under this Act, without Loss of Time; and the Sum of ten Pounds, being one Moiety of the said Penalty of twenty Pounds, on any Person for neglecting to appear or provide a Substitute, to be approved under this Act, shall in all Cases be paid to the Overseeis of the Poor of the Parish in which such Default shall have been made, for the Purpose of enabling such Overseers to provide a Volunteer to supply the Deficiency arising from such Default, and such Sum of ten Pounds, or such Part thereof as may be necessary, shall go and be applied for that Purpose, in Aid of the Rates of such Parish, and the Surplus, if any, shall be carried to the Account of the said Rates; and further, that the remaining Sum of ten Pounds, being the other Moiety of the said Penalty, shall go and be applied in Manner herein after directed with respect to the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures payable or leviable under this Act, or any of the said recited Acts.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Man shall be approved or enrolled to serve in the Army to be raised under this Act, either as a ballotted Man or as a Substitute or Volunteer, until he shall have been carefully examined by some Surgeon of competent Skill, and shall have been declared and reported by such Surgeon to be neither ruptured, lame, maimed, nor afflicted with any Disorder that may render him unfit to serve, but to be in every Respect able and fit for Service; and the Deputy Lieutenants assembled at their Subdivision Meetings, or any two Deputy Lieutenants, shall in all Cases before they proceed to enrol any Man for the said Army, cause such Examination to be carefully made; and it shall be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants, and they are hereby empowered and directed, to require the Attendance of any Surgeon or Assistant Surgeon of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of his Majesty's Regular or Militia Forces, or any Surgeon or Afnstant Surgeon or Mate in any Military Hospital, or any Surgeon or Mate on the Staff of the Forces, if any such medical Officer is within a reasonable Distance, and can conveniently be had, or otherwise to require the Attendance of any other competent Surgeon for that Purpose, and a reasonable Allowance, not exceeding two Shillings and Sixpence for every Man so examined, shall be made to the Surgeon performing such Examination, and shall be paid in like Manner as Allowances are by the said recited Act of the forty-second Year aforesaid directed to be made and paid to Surgeons employed in examining Militia Men.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Man who shall be ballotted under this Act to serve in the said Army, shall be enrolled to serve within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and within the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, for the Defence of the same, and not elsewhere, for five Years; and shall take the following Oath; (that is to say, )

# J A, B., do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty Then Oath.

*Xing George, and that I will faithfully serve his Majesty in Great Britain and Ireland, or the Islands of 1 Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, for the Defence of the same, for the Period of five Years, unless I shall be J fooooer discharged.'

5X2 And

Persons ballotted may find Sob-ftitutCS; \vho nre not to be objected to on account of Children.

Penalty on Persons chosen by Ballot (not being Quakers) neglecting to feive or find Substitutes.

If Penalty be not paid, the Persons shall be compelled to serve.

Deputy Lieutenants mav provide SubAitulcs for Quakers, and levy the Penalty by Distress.

The Parishes shall complete their Quotas without lx»fs of Time; iol. Half the Penalty of 20)., shall be paid to the Overseers to provide Volunteers, and the Remainder applied as other Fines.

Ko Man shall be enrolled till examined by a Surgeon.

The Attendance of certain Surgeons may be required by the Deputy Lieutenants.

Allowance to

Surgeons for Attendance.

Ballotted Men shall be enrolled to serve within United Kingdom, &c.

892

Substitute* or Volunteers shall l»e liable to serve within the same Limits.

Their Oath.

And shall be examined on Oath as to their Fit-nefi.

Volunteer* may be provided with t§e Consent of the Inhabitants of any Parish, and a Rateefta-blished for paying then* Bounties.

Rate* may be levied by Distref*.

Appeal may be made to the <Juarter Sessions.

Persons may provide Volunteers, or offer themselves to serve, and, if approved, may be enrolled, Ac*.

Volunteers shall he sent to the Place : »f Affem-My; and if those enrolled before taking the Ballot shall amount to two Thirds, the Deputy Lieutenants may suspend the Ballot, and shall fend an Account of the Kutnber enrolled t« the Clerk.

C. 82* 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

And every Substitute or Volunteer enrolled to serve in the said Army shall be liable to serve in any Part of Great Britain or Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, and not elsewhere, and shall take the folio wing Oath; (that is to say, )

J A.B.j do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty

5 King George, and I do swear that I will faithfully serve his Mai eft y in Great Britain and Ireland, or in

the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, for the Defence of the lame, for the Period of five Years,

' and further until six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace with France, unless 1

shall be sooner discharged/

And every Person enrolled to serve under this Act in the said Army, as a Substitute or Volunteer, shall, before such Enrolment, be examined upon Oath before the Deputy Lieutenants as to his- Fitness to serve, and other Circumstances; and the Oath to be adxniniftered to him shall be in the Words or to the Effeft following; (that is to say, )

J A.B.y do swear, That I have no Rupture, noram I fhbjeft to Fits, nor am I disabled by Lamfcnefe or

*otherwise, but have the perfect Use of my Limbs, and that I am not an Apprentice, at a Seaman or

Seafaring Man, and that 1 do not belong to his Majesty's Navy, Army, or Marines, nor to the Militia/

XX. And be it further enacted, That if the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish in* England shall, with the Consent of the Inhabitants at a Vestry or any other Meeting to be'holden for that Purpose (for the calling of which Vestry or Meeting three Days'publick Notice shall be given, specifying the Cause of calling such Vestry or Meeting), provide and produce to the said* Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, at any Subdivision Meeting, any Volunteer or Volunteers', being Men of the same or some adjoining County, who shall be examined and approved as in this Act mentioned; such Volunteer or Volunteers so examined and approved shall be then and there fvvornin and enrolled, to serve for such Term and on the same Conditions is herein-before provided in case of Substitutes produced by Persons choseu by Ballot; and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall cause only such Number of Persons to be chosen by Ballot out of the Lift returned for such Parish, as shall be then waited to make up the whole Number to be raised in such Parish; and if any such Churchwardens or Overseers shall give to such Volunteer or Volunteers any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Average Price to be fixed as herein after mentioned, it shall be lawful for such Churchwardens or Overseers to make a Rate upon the Inhabitants of such Parish according to the Rate then made for the Relief of the Poor, which Rate (being approved by any Justice of the Peace) it shall be lawful for such Churchwardens or Overseers to collect, and to reimburse themselves such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall have paid to such Volunteer or Volunteers as aforesaid, and the Overplus (if any) shall be applied* as Part of the Poor's Rates; and if any Person, not being enrolled to serve, or having provided a Substitute under this Act, shall refuse to pay such Rate, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, upon Complaint thereof made by any such Churchwarden or Overseer, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, returning the Overplus (if any) after the said Rate, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall be paid Provided always, that if any Person shall think. himself aggrieved by any such Rate as aforesaid, stich Person may appeal to the next General or Quarter Sessions, in like Manner as is provided in the Case of Appeals against Rates for the Relief of the Poor.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Pfcrfon or Persons to provide Volunteers, being Men of the same or some adjoining County, to serve in the said Army, for any Subdivision within any County in England, and to produce such Volunteers before any Deputy Lieutenants or Justice of the Peace of the same Subdivision, at any Time previous to the Day appointed for choosing the Men by Ballot in such Subdivision in pursuance of this Act, or for any Persons of the same or some adjoining County, willing to serve therein, to offer themselves to, serve in the said Army for any such Subdivision, and to appear before any such Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace within such Time and at such Place as aforesaid; and every Person so produced or appearing, who shall be approved of by the said Deputy Lieutenant, or any Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, may be enrolled to serve in the said Army as a Private Man, according to the Provisions of this Act; and such Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace respectively, before whom any such Volunteer shall be enrolled, shall cause the Clerks of the Meetings for the respective Subdivi-fions to enroll the Names of all such Volunteers, in such Manner as they are required to enroll the Names of Persons chosen by Ballot; and the Names of all such Volunteers shall be so entered within the respective Sub-divisions before the Time appointed for ballotting the Men within the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenants shall, from Time to Time, order all Volunteers to be forwarded to the Place of Assembly for their respective Counties in England as herein after mentioned; and if the Number of Volunteers enrolled by virtue of this Act in any Subdivision, before the Time appointed for taking the Ballot as before directed, shall not amount to two Third-parts of the whole Number of Men appointed to be raised within such Subdivision, the Deputy Lieutenants shall, at the Time and Place before appointed, proceed to ballot for such Number of Men only as shall be then wanted to make up the whole Number to serve for such Subdivision, making a fresh Appointment of the Number of Men to be raised for the respective Parishes in such Subdivision, according to the Number then wanted as aforesaid; and if the Number of Volunteers who shall have been then enrolled shall amount to or exceed such two Third-parts, then the said Deputy Lieutenants may suspend the Ballot appointed to be taken, for any Space of Time not exceeding six Days, of which like Notice shall be given as is herein-before directed; and they shall forthwith, transmit. an Account of the Number of Volunteers so enrolled to the Clerk.to. the General Meeting of Lieutenancy.

A.D. 1803. 43* CtEORGII III. 82.

tenancy of the County, who shall transmit the &me, without Delay, to His Majesty's Secretary at War; and it shall be lawful for his Majesty, on the Transmission of such Account, to direct a further Sufpftifion of the said Ballot for such Time as shall be deemed expedient, in order to give a reasonable Opportunity to complete the Quota of such Subdivision by the Enrolment of Volunteers; and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace acting for such Subdivision, within the Time allowed by his Majesty, in any Order transmitted for that Purpose by his Majesty's Secretary at War, to enroll such Number of Men as Volunteers in the said Army as shall be wanting to complete the Quota of Men to be raised for such Subdivision, in the Manner before directed: Provided always, that if at the Expiration of the Time allowed by his Majesty the whole Number of Men to be raised for such Subdivision shall not have been enrolled, the Deputy Lieutenants, without further Delay, shall proceed to ballot for the Number of Men then wanted to make up such Number, according to the Provisions of this Act, making a fresh Appointment of the Number of Men to be raised for each Parish or Place, according to the Numbers then wanted as aforesaid; but if, at the End of the Time so allowed, the whole Number of Men to be so raised for such Subdivision shall be completed, then the Deputy Lieutenants shall transmit an Account thereof to the Clerk of the General Meeting of the said County, as aforesaid, who shall transmit the same to his Majesty's Secretary at War, ' and in such Case no Ballot shall take place for such Subdivision.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That Half the Price of a Volunteer or Substitute, to be ascertained and adjudged under this Act, shall be paid to every Person who shall prove on Oath that he is not possessed of any Estate of the Value of five hundred Pounds, in the Manner in the said rcciied Act of the forty-fccOnd Year aforesaid mentioned, who shall be approved, (worn, and enrolled, or shall provide a fit Person to serve as his Substitute, who shall be approved, sworn, and enrolled as such in the said Army, to be paid to such Person as aforesaid on the Expiration of fourteen Days after his or his Substitute's joining at any Place of Assembly appointed in pursuance of this Act, in the County for which he shall have been enrolled, if not found to be unfit for Service, and duly discharged within that Time.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That when any Person shall have received any Money for the Purpose of serving as a Substitute or Volunteer, either in the Way of Earned, or in Part of Payment of any Sum agreed to be given for his becoming such Substitute or Volunteer, or in any other Manner as such Substitute or Volunteer, and shall afterwards refuse or neglect to appear to be enrolled*and to serve as such, it shall be lawful for any two Deputy Lieutenants, or any two Justices of the Peace or Magistrates, to whom Complaint shall be made thereon, to cause any such Person to be brought before them or him by Warrant; and if such Person shall refuse to he enrolled and fwbrn to serve as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse, or be unable to return the Sum of Money so advanced as aforesaid to the Person or Persons from whom he received it, together with the further Sum of forty Shillings, by way of Forfeit, such Deputy Lieutenants or Justices may, and they are hereby required to commit such Person to the Common Gaol of the County for three Months, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the.Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, at any Subdivision Meeting to be held after passing this A A, may fix the average current Price then paid, or which in their Judgment shall be a reasonable Sum to be paid fora Volunteer in the said Army; and that in every Case where any Person under the Provisions of this Act shall claim to be entitled to one Half of the current Price then paid for a Volunteer, such Price shall, in all Cases relating to the said Army, be ascertained by the average current Price then fixed by the said Deputy Lieutenants or Julnces respectively to be paid for Volunteers, and not according to the Directions contained in the said Act of the forty-second Year aforesaid; one Moiety of which Price so to be fixed shall be paid to such Person by such Churchwardens or Overseers of the Peor, at such Times and in such Manner, and under such Regulations in all Respects, except as to the Amount thereof, as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That a Bounty of two Guineas shall be paid by the Receiver General; , for and in respect of every Man ballotted to serve, who shall appear and be enrolled and sworn personally to serve under this Act, as soon as such Men shall have respectively joined their Regiments, Battalions, and Corps, to the Captain of the respective Companies to which such Ivlan shall belong, which shall be accounted for by such Captain to the Men entitled thereto, on the twenty-fourth Day or the Month succeeding the Time of the same being paid by such Receiver General; and such Sums shall be allowed in the Accounts of such Receivers General respectively.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of one Guinea shall be paid by the Receivers General to the respective Commanding Officers of Companies, in Manner directed by the said Act of the forty-second Year aforesaid, for the Use of every Substitute or Volunteer raised under this Act, when and so soon as any such Substitutes or Volunteers shall respectively join and be approved at the Places of Assembly appointed for that Purpose; which Sums shall be respectively paid, applied, and accounted for, in Manner directed by the said Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty to appoint the Time9 and Places in each County, for the assembling of the Men enrolled under this Act, and also to appoint and fend proper Officers and Non-commissioned Officers to receive such Men, Notice whereof shall be transmitted by his Majesty's Secretary at War to the Deputy Lieutenants respectively; and where no such Officers or Ndn-commiwoned Officers shall be so sent, the Deputy Lieutenants shall order the Men, when enrolled, to repair forthwith to the Places of Assembly so appointed, and shall cause to be advanced to such Men such Pay for the Purpose of subsisting such Men during such March, as is directed in the said Act of the forty-second Year aforesaid, in relation to the Militia when embodied; and all Justices of the Peace, Magistrates, Constables, and other Officers may, and they are hereby required to do all other Acts, Matters, and Things in relation to bil-ictting such Men, and providing sufficient Carriages for the forwarding the March of such Men, as they are authorized and directed to do with respect to any of his Majesty's Forces*.

*93

of the General

Meetings, , \o bo transmitted to the Secretary at War; and hit M.-.jesty may dueft a further Suspension of the Ballot, at the End of which Period the Nura -ber wanting shall be ballotted for. See,

Half the Price of Volunteers shall be paid to Persons not worth 500l. who shall be enrolled, -or provide fit Substitutes.

Substitutes or Volunteers having received Money, and not appearing to be enrolled, shall return the same and pay a Penalty, or be imprisoned.

\an iftoorn, c. 83. §20: r.S5. §23.]

Subdivision Meetings may fix the Price to be paid to Volunteers, a Moiety of which shall be paid By the Parish Officers to Persone entitled thereto.

Two Guineas shall be paid by the Receiver General for every ballotted Man who shall serve personally,

and one Guinea for every Substitute or V#« -luuteei.

His Majesty

mav appoint Times and Placesforafleni'bling Men-enrolled, and fend Officers to receive them, &c, or if none are sent, Deputy Lieutenants shall order the Men to repair to the Places of

itc.

894

His Majesty may cayfe the Men to be placed in Corps appointed to serve within the United Kingdom, tec. or to be formed into new Corps; and may appoint Officers; agd ihe Army raitixl.under this Act shall be subject to the Mutiny Laws.

Men ibnll not be ordered out of thfc Kingdom, ice. nor be compellable to serve elsewhere, unless they enlist for general Set-vice.

I4'" §33. 34-]

Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants shall tianf-mit Certificatei to the Commanding Officers of the Men raised, and all Vacancies shall be supplied, according to the English Militia Acte, and the Commanding Officers and Adjutants shall transmit to the Clerks of General Meetings, tec. Returns relating to Vacancies as directed by ihofc Acts. Wives and Families of Corporals and Privates, may be relieved as in Militia, under c. 47. of this Session, and the Amount shall be repaid quarterly to the Parish, by Receiver General.

His Majesty may direct Colonels to discharge Men willing to enlist for general Service, fee.

Men discharged and refuting to enlist, shall continue tu belong to Iheir Corps.

C. 82. 43° ' GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty to eause the Men enrolled under this Act to serve as aforesaid, to be placed in such of the existing Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, as may be from Time to Time appointed to lerve within the United Kingdom, or in the Islands of Guernsey, JerJeyt and Alderney, or to be formed into such new Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, as his Majesty shall Judge nc-cessary, and in such Manner as shall be best adapted to the 'Defence and Protection of the United Kingdom; and Notice shall be given by his Majesty's Secretary at War to the respective Lieutenants of Counties, of the respective Regiments, Battalions, and Corps to which the Men enrolled for their refoedive Counties shall be appointed; and it shall also be lawful for his Majesty to appoint such Officers and Non-commissioned Officers to command and discipline such Regiments, Battalions, or Corps as his Majesty shall think fit; and every such Officer and every Non-commissioned Officer and Drummer, in any such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, and every such Private Man, from the Time of his Enrolment respectively, as well as the whole Army to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall be subject to all the Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Pains, and Penalties, as well Pains of Death as others, as are or may be contained in any Act of Parliament then in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and any Articles of War made in pursuance thereof; and all the Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Pain3, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as well Pains of Death as others, contained in every such Ad and Articles of War, shall be in force with refoed to the Army to be raised by virtue of this Act, and shall extend to all Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men of the same, in all Cases whatsoever.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the Regiments, Battalions, and Corps in which the Men to be raised under this Act, shall be placed or formed as aforesaid, shall, during the Time that any such Men shall remain appointed to or formed in the same as aforesaid, on any Account be carried or ordered to go out of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey % and Alderney; and none of the said Men to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall be compellable or compelled on any Pretence whatsoever, to serve out of the United Kingdom and the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney aforesaid, unless they shall freely and voluntarily enlist in any of his Majesty's Forces for general Service, and shall have been for that Purpose previously and duly discharged from their Service in the Army to be raised by virtue of this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the refoedive Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants shall, upon the Receipt of any such Notice as aforesaid, of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, in which the Men raised in their respective Counties shall be formed, forthwith transmit to the Officer commanding such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, or Officers respectively commanding such 'Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, when more than one, Certificates of the Numbers and Names of Men belonging to their respective Counties, as well as of the Subdivisions and Parishes for which they respectively serve, and all Vacancies that shall arise in the said Army by Death or Desertion of any Men enrolled therein, or in consequence of any such Men being reclaimed as Deserters from his Majesty's other Forces^ or from the Marines or Militia, or by such Men becoming unfit for the Service, and being duly discharged accordingly, shall be filled up and supplied in such and the like Manner, and under such and the like Penalties as are contained in the several Acts in Force at the Time of the passing of this Act, in relation to the Militia of England, except in so far as any such Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Act varied, altered, or increased; and the respective Commanding Officers and Adjutants of such Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, shall, in order to the having such Vacancies duly and speedily supplied, from Time to Time, transmit and eause to be transmitted to the Clerks of General Meetings, and Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants, all such Returns and Accounts in relation to such Vacancies as are directed in the several Acts relating to the Militia: Provided always, that no Vacancy caused by the Discharge of any Man, as unfit for Service, shall be filled up, except his Discharge shall be signed by the (Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, and certified by two Deputy Lieutenants of the County to which he shall belong.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Wives and Families of the Corporals and Private Men raised and enrolled to serve under this Act, shall be entitled to such and the like Relief, and under such and the like Circumstances as are mentioned in an Act, parted in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for consolidating and amending the several Laws for providing Relief for the Families of M'ditia Men of England, when called out into a8ual Service; and for that rurpose all the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, rowers. Authorities, Penalties, and Forfeitures in the said recited Act contained, shall extend and be construed to extend to the giving such Relief as aforesaid, as fully and effectually as if the same were herein re-enacted 2 Provided always, that all Sums of Money advanced to the Wives and Families of any such Men, under any Order for that Purpose, shall, upon Delivery of a quarterly Account of the Payment thereof, certified and signed by two Justices of the Peace of the County in which such Relief shall be given, be repaid to the Overseer or Overseers, or Parish Officers, who shall have advanced the fame, by the Receiver General of the County in which such Relief shall have been given, out of arty Publick Monies in his Hands, and shall be allowed in the Accounts of such Receiver General.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, from Time to Time, and under such Bounties, Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions as may to his Majesty feera most expedient, and as may be declared in General Orders, to direct the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, into which any Men raised under this Act shall be placed or formed, to discharge any such Men so raised who shall be willing to enlist in his Majesty's Forces for general Service: Provided always, that the Parish in which any such Man shall have been raised, shall not be compellable or compelled to fiU up any Vacancy occasioned by the enlisting of any Man under any such Discharge as aforesaid.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person so discharged for the Purpose of being enlisted as aforesaid, shall notwithstanding refuse to enlist pursuant to such Declaration so made by him as

aforesaid,

1

e

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 82. 895

aforesaid, that then and in every such Case, such Person shall continue to belong to the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps from which he shall have been so discharged for the Purpose of cnlifting as aforesaid, notwithstanding any such Discharge.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Colonels or other Commanding Officers of the Regiments, Battalions, or Corps of Men raised under this Act, shall transmit to the Justices of the Peace or Magistrates assembled at the several General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held for the respective Counties, Ridmgs, Divisions, or Places in England, at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions of the Peace next after the passing of this Act; and also to the Justices and Magistrates assembled at every succeeding Quarter Sessions of the Peace, Certificates in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.) of the Deficiencies and Vacancies that remain to be.filled up in their respective Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, and the Justices of the Peace, or the Magistrates assembled at such Sessions, shall at such Sessions assess the Penalty of twenty Pounds for each Private Man so certified to be deficient as aforesaid, in Maimer directed by the said recited Act; and if at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, immediately succeeding the Quarter Sessions of the Peace at which any such Assessment shall have been made, any Deficiency or Deficiencies in respect whereof any such Assessment shall have been made, shall not have been made good, and filled up according to the Provisions of the said Act and of this Act, the Justices or Magistrates assembled at such succeeding General Quarter Sessions shall forthwith assess and levy in like Manner as aforesaid, a further and additional Penalty of twenty Pounds for every Private Man so deficient, and shall from Time to Time at every succeeding General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, proceed to assess and levy further and additional Penalties as aforesaid of twenty Pounds for each Private Man deficient, until such Deficiency or Deficiencies shall have been filled up, and such several Penalties may and shall be assessed, levied, and recovered, according to the Provisions of the said recited Act, and applied as by this Act directed.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Sums of Money paid by or levied upon the Goods or Chattels of any Person ballotted to serve in the said Army, who shall neglea to appear or provide a Substitute to be approved as aforesaid, over and above such Sums of ten Pounds as aforesaid*, and all Fines, Penalties, and Sums of Money assessed and levied by reason of any Default of any County in not raising any Men required by this Act to be raised by such County, shall be Debts to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and may be recovered as such, or may be levied under the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act, and shall immediately on the Payment or Levying thereof be transmitted, sent, and paid to the Receiver General of the County within which the same shall so respectively be paid or levied, and shall forthwith, by such Receiver General, be carried to the Account of the Paymaster General of the Army, or trans-xnitted and paid into the Hands of the said Paymaster General of the Army, if required, to be applied in the raising Men for the said Army, for such County, or for hb Majesty's other Forces, as his Majesty shall think fit.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed in any Manner to*impede or delay the levying of Men who ought to be raised from Time to Time, to complete the Militia now embodied, or to vary the Manner of proceeding therein, but that all such Levies shall be effected in like Man-, ner as if this Act had not been passed.

Cdone's shall Iran fruit ta QuarU r Sctfions Ceitifu a(vW SrMtir (A.)] and the SeflimiS Ih.ill artel's 20l. for each Man deficient, and at every succeeding Strtion, a futther Penalty of 2oh tHI Deficiencies ate filled up.

Recovery and Application of

Penalties.[$« §17.]

A^Hhall not impede levying Men for embodied Militia.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks of General Meetings of Lieutenancy, Clerks of Gene-

shall from Time to Time certify to the Admiralty, the Names and Residences of all Persons claiming to be ^aluVitfty* exempt from being ballotted to serve under the Provisions of this Act, as professional Seamen or Seafaring h* Admiralty Men. Pfrfi-ns claiming Exemption as Seamen*

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of the Cinque Ports, two ancient Towns, and their Warden of the Members, and in his Absence his Lieutenant or Lieutenants^ shall within their respective Jurisdictions put in Execution this Act, andufe and exercise all the Powers and Authorities contained in the said Act of the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the raising or embodying Men within such Jurisdiction as aforesaid, and this Act, for the Purpose of carrying the same into Execution, and raising the Men to be provided and raised within their respective Jurisdictions; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of the Cinque Ports, or his Lieutenant or Lieutenants, shall, as soon after the passing of this Act as accurate and correct Lifts can be made out of the Men liable to be ballotted to serve for the said Cinque Ports, two ancient Towns, and their Members, in the Army to be raised under this Act, transmit to his Majesty's Privy Council, the Number of Men liable to serve under this Act; and in case it shall appear that the Number appointed by this Act so to be raised, shall exceed the due Proportion of Men according to the Number of Men so returned as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for his Majesty's Privy Council to fix and settle the proper Number of Men; and in case the full Number of Men to be raised for the said Cinque Ports shall have been raised, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Warden, or his Lieutenants to discharge by Ballot proportionably for such Cinque Ports, two ancient Towns, and respective Mem-T>ers thereof, such Number of Men as may exceed the Number so fixed and settled as aforesaid.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Mattel s, and Things contained in this Act, and in two Acts made in the thirty-seventh Year of the Rdigo of hisj>rcfent Majesty, for raking the Militia of the Tower Hamlets and Liberty of the Tower, together with Clauses, Powers,

Provisions, and Authorities in the said first-recited Act contained, shall be applied, practised, and put in force m all Respects, for raising the Men to be raised therein under this Act, as fully and effeduafly as if the said Acts and this Act were consolidated into one Ad.

XLII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to repeal any of the Provisions of the said two recited Acts of the thirty-seventh Year aforesaid, other than as any new and additional

Fines,

Cinque Ports, &c. fhrt I Lpqt this A <ft in Eiccu-t lion; [andfee c. .00. §3, 4.]

Warden shall» transm is N om-ber of Men liable to serve to Pn\y Council, who shall fix the Number to be raised; [andfre c. 100. $ 3, 4.]

Prov ifions of this Aift, and of Acts G. 3. c. 25. 75. shall Le applied in raising Men for Tower Hamlets. Provisions of said Acts shall remain in foict.

I

896

Cler^i to General Meetings, &c. may be rewarded for their Trouble.

Provisioni of Acts relative to the Militia, as far as applicable extended to this Act.

See r. 8t atto

England.]

Number of Private Men to be raised under this Act in each County in Scotland.

'0.82, 83* 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Fines, Penalties, and Powers in this Act contained, may be applicable and necessary for the raising the Men by this Act directed to be raised in the Tower Hamlets.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks to the General Meetings of Lieutenancy, and Clerks to Subdivision Meetings, and all other Officers and Persons whatever, entitled under the said recited Acts to any Remuneration for their Pains and Labour in executing the Provisions of the said Acts, who shall execute the like or other Provisions of this Act, to the Satisfaction of the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants, shall for such Services respectively receive such Rewards as are directed by the said Acts for such Services, and also such further Reward for their Pains and Trouble in and about the executing this Act, as the Deputy Lieu-, tenants assembled at any Meeting, held for that Purpose, at which not less than five Deputy Lieutenants shall be present, shall think reasonable and proper, and shall certify under their Hands; and such respective Rewards shall, on the Production of such Certificate so signed as aforesaid, to the respective Receivers General, be paid out of any publick Monies in their Hands, and be allowed in their Accounts.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Bounties, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in the aforesaid Act of the forty-second Year of his Majesty's Reign, or in any other Act of Parliament relative to the Militia, shall, so far as the same are applicable, and are not hereby altered, varied, or repealed, be applied and practised for the Purpose of raising the Men directed to be raised by this Act, in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Bounties, Clauses, Matters, and Things were again repeated and enacted in this Act.

" Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §45." (See c. 100.)

SCHEDULE (A).

ADDITIONAL ARMY OF ENGLAND.

County of or, Riding of

or, City or Place [as the Case may bc-\.

CERTIFICATE of Number of Vacancies; dated the Day of

Subdivisions. Parishes. Total Number of Quota. Numbers of Men actually serving. Vacancies to be filled up.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act to enable his Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble an additional IMilitary Force in Scotland, for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War.

[6th July 1803.

u Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants in Scotland under 42 G. 3. c. 91. empowered to execute this A6 " there, §1."

II. And be it further enacted, That the Number of Private Men to be raised by virtue of this Act shall be as follows; (that is to say, ) for the County of Edinburgh two hundred and fifty; for the City of Edinburgh two hifhdred and thirty-three; for the County of Linlithgow seventy; for the County of Haddington one hundred and sixteen; for the County of Berwick one hundred and sixteen; for the County of Peebles thirty-four; for the County of Selkirk nineteen; for the County of Roxburgh one hundred and thirty-four; for the Stewartry of Kircudbright one hundred and thirteen; for the County of Wigton eighty-nine; for the County of Ayr three hundred and twenty-seven; for the County of Renfrew three hundred and three; for the County of La-nark five hundred and sixty-three; for the County of Stirling one hundred and ninety-seven; for the County of Kinross twenty-six; for the County of Fife three hundred and sixty-three; for the County of Dunbarton eighty* for the County of Bute forty-six; for the County of Argyle two hundred and seventy-thre*; for the County of Inverness two hundred and eighty-eight; for the County of Perth four hundred and ninety; for the County of Forfar three hundred and eighty-three; for the County of Kincardine one hundred and two; for the County of Aberdeen four hundred and eighty; for the County of Banff one hundred and thirty-four; for the County of Elgin one hundred and three; for the County of Nairn thirty-two; for the County of Cromarty twelve; for the County of Ross two hundred and three; for the County of Sutherland seventy-five; for the County of Caithness ninety-one; for the County of Dumfries two hundred and thirteen; and for the County of Clackmannan forty-two.

" Meeting of Lieatenancy shall appoint the Number of Men to be raised in each Parish or other Division, and " also the Days for the first Subdivision Meetings, and issue Orders to the Schoolmasters, &c. to amend Lifts

4 u and

_ by

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 83. 897

4t and affix them on the Church Doors, dfcc, §3. 41 faiy, §4." [_<u § $.ofc. 82.3

[See $ 4. o/*c. S2.3 New Lifts may be made when necef-

Exemption*.

[Andfeec, I4*J

Clerk? of General Meeting* Ih.dt reitify to Admiralty Pe*-

Fuiiher Exemptions as to Volunteer Corps.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person being a Commissioned Officer in his Majesty's ther Forces, whether Regular or Militia, now embodied or in any one of his Majesty's Cadies or Forts, nor any Officer on the Half Pay of the Army, Navy, or Marines, nor any Non-commissioned Officer or Private Man serving in any of his Majesty's Regular or Militia Forces, or being a Professor in any of the four Universities in Scotland, nor any Clergyman, nor any licensed Teacher of any separate Congregation, in Holy Orders, or pretended Holy Orders, and not carrying on any Trade, or exercising any other Occupation for his Livelihood, and who shall have been so licensed on or before the eighth Day of March'One thousand eight hundred and three, nor any Parish Schoolmaster, Condable, or other Peace Officer, -nor any Person being and having been, on or before the sixteenth Day June One thousand eight hundred and three, an articled Clerk, nor any Apprentice being at the passing of this Act under the Age of twenty one Years, nor any pcofessional Seaman or Seafaring Man actually earning his Livelihood such Seaman or Seafaring Man, nor any Person employed and mustered in any of his Majesty's Forts and Castles, nor any Man who has more than two lawful Children under ten Years or Age, and who is not possessed of any Ellate in Lands, Goods, or Money, of the clear Value, of one hundred Pounds, and who shall make Oath that he is not seised or poffiffed of such Estate, shall be liable to serve personally or provide a Substitute, to serve in the Army to be raised by virtue of this Act, unless by Rotation it shall have come to the Turn of any such Person to be again ballotted for; but no Person who has served in any of hi*

Majesty's Regular Forces, or as a Substitute or Volunteer in the Militia, and hath been discharged from or quitted the fame, shall by such Service be exempted from serving in the said Army to be raised by virtue of this Act, if he shall be cho/en by Ballot.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks of General Meetings of Lieutenancy, shall from Time to Time certify to the Admiralty, the Names and Residences of all Persons claiming to be exempt from being ballotted to serve under the Provisions of this Act, as Professional Seamen or Seafaring Men.

lonii claiming Exemption* as Seamen.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, Trumpeter,

Drummer, or Private Man, who shall have offered himself and been accepted, and who shall have been duly enrolled, on or before the twenty-second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, hi any Yeomanry cr Volunteer Corps, raised or continued under an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, the Services of which Corps shall have been accepted on or before the twenty-second Day of Jure One thousand eight hundred and three, and whose Services shall, as to all such Corps formed in Edinbwgh and Glasgow respectively, extend.

In Cases of actual Invasion, or Appearance of Invasion, to these Places respectively in which they shall have been formed, and their respective Vicinities; and as to all other Corps, to the Military District in which such Corps shall be situate, shall be liable to serve personally, or provide a Substitute, to serve in the Army to be raised by virtue of this Act, as long only as he shall actually continue to belong to and serve in such Corps, in Manner here-in-before mentioned.

t No Person in Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps exempted unless entered in the Muster Roll on or before June* 22, 1803. — Rolls shall be returned to the Clerks of the General Meeting, §8. No Person five Feet two u Inches high shall be deemed unfit, f 9." [as §8, 9. of c. 82.3

X. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenant* assembled at such first Subdivision Meetings,

shall proceed to hear and determine Appeals on such amended Lifts; and after amending such Lifts on such Appeals, shall cause Duplicates of such amended Lifts to be sent to the Clerks to the General Meetings, who (half return Abstracts thereof to his Majesty's Privy Council, and shall forthwith cause the proper Number of Men to be ebofen by Ballot out of the Lifts returned for every Parish, and amended as aforesaid, and shall appoint another Meeting to be h olden as soon as conveniently may be, and within fourteen Days, in the same Subdivision*, for the rurpose of enrolling the Men required to serve as aforesaid, and shall issue out au Order to the Schoolmasters and to Constables or other Officers of the respective Parishes, to give Notice to every Man so ballotted to appear at such Meeting, which Notice shall be given or left at the Place of Abode of every such Person at least seven Days before such Meeting; and such Schoolmasters, Constables, or other Officers respectively, shall attend such Meeting, and make a Return upon Oath of the Day* when such Notice was served; and every Person so chosen by Ballot, shall upon such Notice appear at such Meeting, and shall be enrolled, (in a Roll to be then and there prepared for that Purpose), to serve in the Army to be raised by virtue of this Act.

enrolling Ihe-n; o' der School marten to give Nolice to the Men to appear, lit.

t Acts omitted to be done at any Meeting, may be done at a subsequent Meeting; and if the full Number shall " not be enrolled, a frtlh Ballot shall he had, See. — One Deputy Lieutenant or Justice may administer Oaths,

4i and require the Clerk of the Subdivision to enroll the Persons {worn, J 11." £as §12. of c. £2.3

XII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear to any two or more Deputy Lieutenants assembled at ally Subdivision Meeting, that any Person chosen by Ballot to serve in the said Army is unable by reason of any Infirmity, or is otherwise unfit for the Service, such Deputy Lieutenants shall and are hereby empowered and requited to discharge such Person, and immediately to amend the Lift for the Place for which such Person shall have been ballotted, and to cause another Person to be choseu in his Stead, by Ballpt, according to the Directions of this Act.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Persons ballotted to serve in the said Army to find and produce Substitutes, who being of the same or some adjoining County or Stewartry, and able and nt to serve, and being approved in Manner directed by the said recited Act and this Act, shall be enrolled and sworn; and the Persons finding such Substitutes shall not be again liable to be ballotted to serve or to find Substitutes to serve under this Act, unless it shall again come to the Turn of any Person; and the Deputy

43 Geo. III. 5 Y Lieutenants

Subdivision Meetings shall determine Appeals, and fend Duplicates of amended Lifts to Clerks of General Meetings, (who shall return Abrtrrdts to Pr ivy Coun -cil; ) shall c-use the Men to be balloued for, and appoint Meetings for

Subdivision Meetings may discharge unfit Persons, a ml cause others te bn chosen.

Perfom ballotted may find Subfttutes; and Dipuiy Lieutenant* may provide

898 C. 83.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

Substitutes for Quakers, and levy Expence.

Substitutes shall not be objected to on account of Children.

Lieutenants may aHb provide proper Substitutes, of the same or some adjoining County or Stewartry, for Quakers, and levy the Expence thereof on such Quakers, according to the rrovisions of the said recited Act; and no Person produced as a Substitute shall be rejcded by any Deputy Lieutenants for or on account of the Number of his Children; any Thing in any former Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Penalty on Persons chosen by Ballot (not being Quakers) neglecting to serve or find Substitutes. — If Penalty u be not paid, the Person shall be compelled to serve, §14, [*7/ §15. of c. 82.] No Man shall be enrolled till " examined by a Surgeon. — Deputy Lieutenants may require the Attendance of certain Surgeons. — Allowance to be made the Surgeon for Attendance, §15. $ 18. of c. 82.3 Ballotted Men shall be enrolled to

serve in the United Kingdom, Guernsey y yerfey, and Alderney, and shall take the following Oath

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty King George, and that I will faithfully serve his Majesty in Great Britain and Ireland, or the IQands of

Guernsey, ferfey, and Alderney, in any of his Majesty's Regiments, Battalions, or Corps now established,

or to be formed for the Defence of the same, for the Period of five Years, unless I shall be sooner

discharged.*

Substitutes or Volunteers shall be liable to serve within the same Limits, and shall take the following Oath:

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty King George, and I do swear that I will faithfully serve his Majesty in Great Britain and Ireland, or in the Islands of Guernsey, Jeifey, and Alderney, in any of his Majesty's Regiments, Battalions, or Corps now be formed for the Defence of the same, for the Period of five Yc;

and until fix

Definitive Treaty of Peace with France, unless I shall be sooner

If any Parish shall produce Volunteers at Subdivision

Persons may provide Volunteers, or offer themselves to serve; and if approved, may be enrolled, it c.

established, or to*Months after the Ratification of a 4 discharged.'

t and shall be examined as to their Fitness, and take an Oath that they have no Rupture, CsV. §16. [See u §19. of c. 82.]"

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if the Inhabitants of any Parish or Place shall provide and produce to the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, at any Subdivision Meeting for choosing the Militia Men by Ballot, any Volunteer or Volunteers who shall be approved in Manner herein directed, such

Meetings they Volunteer or Volunteers so examined and approved, shall be then and there sworn in arid enrolled to serve shall be enrolled. for such Term and on the same Conditions as is herein-before provided in case of Substitutes produced by Persons chosen by Ballot; «nd the said Deputy Lieutenants shall cause only such Number of Persons to be chosen by Ballot, out of the Lift returned for such Parish or Place, as (half be then wanted to make up the whole Number to serve for such Parish or Place.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to provide Volunteers, being Men of the same or some adjoining County or Stewartry, to serve in the said Army for any Subdivision within any County, and to produce such Volunteers before any Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace of the same Subdivision, at any Time previous to the Day appointed for choosing the Men by Ballot in such Subdivision in pursuance of this Act, or for any Persons of the same or adjoining County or Stewartry, willing to serve therein, to offer themselves to serve in the said Army for any such Subdivision, and to ajroear before any such Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace within such Time and at such Place asafbrmid; and every such Person so produced or appearing, who shall be approved of by the said Deputy Lieutenant or any Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, may be enrolled to serve in the said Army as a Private Man, according to the Provisions of this Act; and such Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace respectively before whom any such Volunteer shall be enrolled, shall cause the Clerks of the Meetings for the respective Subdrvisions, to enrol the Names of all such Volunteers in such Manner as they are required to enrol the Names of Persons chosen by Ballot, and the Names of all such Volunteers shall he so entered within the respective Subdivision* before the Time appointed for ballotting the Men within the same.

Volunteers shall he sent to the Place of Assembly, and if those enrolled before taking the Ballot, shall amount to a certain Number, the Deputy Lieutenants may suspend the Ballot for ten Days, and shall fend an Account of the Number enrolled to the Clerk of the General Meeting, to be transmitted to the Secretary at War, and his Majesty may direct a further Suspension of the Ballot, at the End of which Period, tl» 44 Number wanting shall be ballotted for, &c. §19. §22. of c. 82.3"

XX. And be it further ena&e^, That when any Person shall have received any Money for the Purpose of serving as a Substitute or Volunteer, either in the Way of Earned, or in Part-payment of any Sum agreed to be given for his becoming such Substitute or Volunteer, or in any other Manner as such Substitute or Volunteer, and shall afterwards refuse or neglect to appear to be enrolled and sworn to serve as such, it shall be lawful for any two Deputy Lieutenants, or any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate. to whom Complaint shall be made thereon, to cause any such Person to be brought before them or him by Warrant; and if such Person shall refuse to be enrolled and sworn to serve as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse, or be unable to return the Sum of Money so advanced as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons from whom he received it, together with the further Sum of forty Shillings by way of Forfeit, such Deputy Lieutenants or Justices may, and they are hereby required, to commit such Person to the Common Gaol of the County or Stewartry for the Space of three Months, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of one Guinea shall be paid by the Collector of the Land Tiix to the respective Commanding Officers of Companies, in Manner directed by the said Act of the forty-second Year aforesa: d$ for the Use of every Man raised under this Act, when and so soon as any such Men shall respectively join at the Place of Assembly appointed for that Purpose; which Sums shall be respectively paid, applied, and accounted for, in Manner darc&ed by the said Act.

Substitutes or Volunteers having received Money, and net appearing to be enrolled, shall return it and pay a Penalty, or be impri-Coned.

One Guinea shall be paid by Collt&or of Land Tax for every Man joining at Place of Assembly j

A.D. 1803.

43 GEORGII III.

C. 83. 899

XXII. And be it further enacted, That an additional Bounty of one Guinea shall be paid by the Collector of the Land Tax aforesaid, for and in respect of every Man ballotted to serve, who shall appear to be enrolled and fwora personally to serve under this Act, as soon as such Men shall have respectively joined their Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, to the Captain of the respective Companies to which such Men shall belong, which shall be accounted for by such Captain to the Men entitled thereto on the twenty-fourth Day of the Month succeeding the Time of the same being paid by such Collector j and such Sums shall be allowed in the Accounts of such Collectors respectively.

His Majesty may appoint the Times and Places for assembling the Men enrolled, and fend Officers to receive them, Notice whereof shall be transmitted by the Secretary at War to the Deputy Lieutenants, and when none are sent, the Deputy Lieutenants shall order the Men to repair to the Places of Assembly, &c. $ 23. [/w §28. ofc. 82.] His Majesty may cause the Men to be placed in Corps appointed to serve within certain Limits, or to be formed into new Corps, CsV. and may appoint Officers to command and discipline them; and the Army raised under this Act shall be subject to the Mutiny Laws, §24. [/?/ §29. of c. 82.] None of the Corps in which the Men shall be placed shall be ordered out of 1 the United Kingdom, Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, nor any of the Men be compellable to serve out of . those Limits, unless on enlisting for general Service, §25. [as §30. of c. 82.] The Lieutenants and

- Officers of the Men raised; and alt

and an additional Guinea for each hallolied Man on joining his Corps.

Deputy Lieutenants shall transmit Certificates to the Commanding

Geo. 3. c. 91. and the

eetings, Returns relating to Vacancies as directed thereby,

Vacancies shall be supplied according to 42 Geo. 3. c. 91. and the Commanding Officers and Adjutants*- Me "--- -----; --- j* rv'1

shall transmit to the Clerks of the General §26. $ 31. of c. 82."

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Colonels or other Commanding Officers of the

ng I

the Commissioners Men directed to the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.) of the Deficiencies and Vacancies that remain to be filled up in their respective Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, and the Clerk of Supply shall certify the same to the said Commissioners of Supply, who shall thereupon, within ten Days thereafter, assess the Penalty of twenty Pounds for each Private Man lo certified to be deficient as aforesaid, to be levied in Manner directed by the said recited Act; and if within three Months after the Date at which any such Assessment shall have been made, any Deficiency or Deficiencies in respect whereof any such Assessment shall have been made, shall not have been made good and filled up, according to the Provisions of the said Act, and of this Act, the Commissioners of Supply shall forthwith assess and levy, in like Manner as aforesaid, a further and additional Penalty of twenty Pounds for every Private Man so deficient, and shall from Time to Time, at the Expiration of every succeeding three Months, proceed to assess and levy further and additional Penalties as aforesaid, of twenty Pounds for each Private Man deficient, until such Deficiency or Deficiencies shall have been filled up; and such several Penalties may and shall be assessed, levied, and recovered according to the Provisions of the said recited Act, and applied as by this Act directed, for which Purpose, the respective Clerks of the Commissioners of Supply shall transmit to the Lord Chief Baron and other Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, the Numbers of Men deficient, pursuant to the Returns made to them according to the Directions of this Act; and the King's Attorney in Exchequer is hereby directed and required to proceed to compel the Performance of this Act, and to levy and collect the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures hereby imposed, in the same Manner as he is directed and required to compel Performance of the said recited Act, and to levy any Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, thereby imposed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Rules, Regulations, Pains, Penalties, and Provisions, in the said recited Act, as to Persons deferring from the Militia, shall be in full Force, and applied to all Persons enrolled to served in the Army to be raised by virtue of this Act, who shall desert after such Enrolment; and it shall be lawful to proceed against such Deserters cither according to the Provisions of any Act in Force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, or any Articles of War made in pursuance thereof.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases the respective Parities shall complete their Quota of Men ordered to be raised under this Act without Loss of Time; and that the Money arising by Penalties incurred for refusing to serve in the Militia, or to find Substitutes to serve in their Room, shall be applied by any two or more Deputy Lieutenants within their respective Subdivisions, in providing Substitutes for the Persons who have paid such Penalties, which Substitutes shall be examined, approved, sworn in, and enrolled to serve for the same Term, in the same Manner, and on the same Conditions as are herein-before provided in the Case of Substitutes provided by Persons chosen by Ballot; and if any Surplus shall remain the same shall be paid to the Collector of the Cess of the County or Stewartry within which the same shall so respectively be paid or levied, and shall forthwith by such Collector be carried to the Account of the Pay matter General of the Army, or transmitted and paid into the Hands of the said Paymaster General of the Army, if required so to do, to be applied in the raising Men for the said Army, for such County or Stewartry, or for his Majesty's Regular Forces, as his Majesty shall think fit.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks to the General Meetings of Lieutenancy, and Clerks to Subdivision Meetings, and all other Officers and Persons whatever, entitled under the said recited Act to any Remuneration for their Pains and Labours in executing the Provisions of the said Act, who dial' execute the like or other Provisions of this Act, shall for such Services respectively receive such Rewards as a* directed by the said Act for such Services, and also such further Reward for their Pains and Trouble in a about the executing of this Act, as the Deputy Lieutenants assembled at any Meeting held for that Purp<

5 Y 2

Colonels shall transmit to the Clerks of the Com raifti oner* of Supply Certificates (fee Schedule (A.) and the Commissioners shall aflefi 20l. for each Man deficient, and a* further Penalty of 20l. every three Months till Deficiencies are filled up.

Recovery of Penalties.

Provisions of Militia Ad> shall

apply to Deleters under this A a.

Parishes (hi complete t' Quotas wi

Loss of T

A pplica 1-Yr.aluJ refufin or hnj^ ftitu

900

Wives and Families of Corporals and Piiv.ite* entitled to Relief, as m Militia.

[5«v f. 89. of M/r SJfion,]

X ir, S. e. xj.

[See c. 109. of tkitSrffion^ $ 3.]

Spiritual Persons against whom no Action Hull have been brought under lecited Act indemnified, and Contracts which would be good after passing this Act, valid, uoC-withstanding recited Act,

Persons sued under recited Act, may apply to the Court, if fitting, or to a Judge, it*not htting, to stay Proceedings upon certain Conditions.

Till such Application Actions may proceed, notwithstanding this Act, or 41G. 3. (U.K.) «. u>,c.

0.83, 84. 43' GEORGII hi. A.D. 1803.

at which not less than five Deputy Lieutenants shall be present, shall think reasonable and proper, and shall certify under their Hands and such respective Rewards to the respective Cofleftors, who shall, on the Production of such Certificate so signed as aforesaid, pay the Sum or Sums of Money therein specified, out of any public Monies in their Hands, and the same shall be allowed in their Accounts.

" His Majesty may direct the Commandant to discharge any Men willing to enlist into his Forces for general Service, and the Parish shall not be called on to supply Vacancy, $31. If any such Person shall refuse to " enlist, he shall continue to belong to the Corps from which discharged, §32. [as §33, 34. of c. 8z.]"

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Wives and Families of the Corporals and Private Men, raised and enrolled to serve under this Act, shall be entitled to such and the like Relief, and under such and the like' Circumstances, as are mentioned in any Act passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament, for providing Relief for the Families of Militia Men in Scotland, when called out into actual Service; and for that Purpose all the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Penalties, and Forfeitures in the said recited Act contained, shall extend and be conllrued to extend to the giving such Relief as aforesaid, as fully and effectually as if the same were herein enacted: Provided always, that no Assessment shall be made to make good the Amount of any Sums paid for such Relief to such Wives and Families under this Act, in the Manner directed by the said Act, to make good the Sums paid to the Wives and Families of Militia Men pursuant thereto.

"Act not to impede levying of Men to complete the embodied Militia, §24. [as §37. of C. 82.] Pro- " visions of 42 Geo. 3. c. ij 1. to extend to this Act, §35. Act may be altered or repealed this Session,

SCHEDULE (A.)

Additional Army of Scotland, [as Schedule to c. 82.J

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms; and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in England.

[7th July 1803.]

WHEREAS many of the Provisions of an Act, made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King Henry the Eighth, intituled, Spiritual Persons abridged from having Pluralities of Livings , and from taking of Perms, tlfc. 9 and other the Laws now in Force relating to Spiritual Persons residing on their Benefices, have been found inconvenient; and it is expedient that certain of the Provisions of the said Act should be repealed, and that other Provisions should be made in lieu thereof, and that the said Act and Laws aforesaid should be amended, and more effectual Provisions made for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices, and protesting Spiritual Persons from vexatious Prosecutionsmay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Spiritual Person who shall before the passing of this Act, have incurred any pecuniary Penalty or Penalties, or any Forfeiture or Forfeitures under the said recited Act, for or in respect of Non-residence or farming of Lands, and agaiull whom no Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Information, shall have been brought in respect thereof under the said Act, shall be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from the same, arty Tiling in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and all Contrafts, Agreements, and Leases, made by Words, or otherwise, before the passing of this Act, by any Spiritual Person, either by himself or any other to or for his Use, which if made after this Act would, according to the Provisions thereof, be good and valid, shall, notwithstanding the said recited Act, or any Act, or Law or Laws to the contrary, be and be deemed to be as good and valid in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been made after the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That, immediately from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons against whom any original Writ, Suit, Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, shall have been sued out, commenced, or prosecuted, before the passing of this Act, for any pecuniary Penalty or Penalties, or any Forfeiture or Forfeitures incurred or alleged to be under the said recited Act, to apply to the Court in which such original Writ, Suit, Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, shall have been sued out, commenced, or prosecuted, if such Court shall be fitting, or to any Judge of any such Court when not fitting, for an Order that such Writ, Suit, Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, shall be discontinued, upon Payment of the Sum of ten Pounds in every Case where a Verdict shall be obtained, together with the Costs; and where no Verdict shall have been obtained, upon Payment of the Costs incurred up to the Time of such Application being made, all such Costs to be taxed as between Attorney and Client, according to the Practice of such Court, and every such Court or Judge is hereby authorized ana required, upon such Application, to make such Order as aforesaid; and upon the making such Order, and Payment of such Costs as aforesaid, fitch Writ, Suit, Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, shall be forthwith discontinued; and in every Case, until such Application shall be made as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in any such original Writ, Suit, Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, to proceed therein as if this Act, or an Act, passed in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to flay, until the twenty ffib Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two9 Proceedings in AQions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth,

for abridging Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of Livings, and from taking of Perms, 9 had not been passed;

any

901

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 84.

any Thing in this Act, or the said last-recited Act, or in any other Act or Acts continuing the fame, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

III. Provided nevertheless, That in all Cases in which any such Writ, Suit, Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, shall have been sued out or commenced at any Time on or subsequent to the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one, it shall be competent to such Court or Judge as aforesaid, to make such Order as aforesaid for discontinuing the fame, without Payment of any Cods; and upon making such Order, such Writ, Suit, Action, BjII, Plaint, or Information, shall be forthwith discontinued. july X| l % ol % t(

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Spiritual Person to take to farm to himself, or to any Person or Persons to his Use, by Lease, Grant, Words, or other wise, for Term of JLife, for Term of Years, or at Will, any Messuage, Mansion, or Dwelling House, with or without Orchards, Gardens, and other Appurtenances, although not in any City, Borough, or Town, any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and it shall also be lawful for any Spiritual Person having or holding any Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, not having any sufficient or convenient Glebe or Demesne Lands annexed to, or in Right of, or by reason of his Benefice or Cure or Chapelry, or for any Stipendiary Curate, or any unbeneficed Spiritual Person, with the Consent or Approbation of the Bishop of the Diocese, signified in Writing, to take to ferm to himself, or to any Person or Persons to his Use for a limited Term of Years, any Farm or Farms, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, that may, under all the Circumstances, appear to such Bishop proper to be taken, held, or occupied by any such Spiritual Person, for the Convenience and Accommodation of his Household and Hospitality only, without being subject or liable to any Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, under the said first-recited Act or any other Act by reason thereof, any Thing therein contaiifed to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize any Non-residence of any such Spiritual Person as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Spiritual Person or Persons, by himself or themselves, or any other to his or their Use, to have, hold, use, or occupy in Ferm, any Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, demised, leased, or granted to such Spiritual Person or Persons, as the Property or Estate of such Spiritual Person or Persons; or to take, purchase, receive* or hold, as the Property and Estate of such Spiritual Person, any Lease or Leases for Life or Lives, or for Term or Terms of Years, absolute or determinable on any Life or Lives, or to take any annual Rent, or other annual Advantage or Profit by Occasion of any Lease or Ferm of any Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, the Property or Estate of any such Spiritual Person or Persons belonging to him or them, either in his or their own Right, or in the Right of any other Person or Persons, or in right or by reason of his or their having or holding any Spiritual Dignity or Benefice, or so taken, purchased, received, or held as aforesaid, as the Property or Estate of such Spiritual Person, without being subject to any Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures whatever, under the said first-recited Act, or any other Act, any Thing therein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con-ftnied to extend, to authorize any Spiritual Person, having or holding any Dignity, Prebeud, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, or serving a Stipendiary Curacy, to take, receive, or hold auy such Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, after the passing of this Act, for the Purpose of occupying or to occupy the fame, for the Cultivation thereof, or procuring Profit therefrom, by himself or any Bailiff or Bailiffs, or Servant or Servants for his Use, unlef3 the same mall have been taken, received, or holden under a Lease granted to such Person on or before the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, or unless by the Coufent or Approbation of the Bishop as aforesaid, signified in Writing.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Spiritual Person, by himself, or by any other for him or to his Use, to bargain, and buy or fell again for any Lucre, Gain, or Profit, any Manner of Cattle or Com that may be necessary, proper, or convenient to be bought, fold, kept, or maintained by such Spiritual Person, or any other Person for him or to his Use, for the Occupation, manuring, improving, Pasturage, or Profit of any Farms, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, that may under and by virtue of any Law or Laws now in Force, or under any of the Provisions of this Act be lawfully held and occupied, possessed, or enjoyed, by such Spiritual Person, or any other for him or to his Use, without being subject to any Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, by reason thereof, under the said first-recited Act, or any other Act, or any Thing therein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conllrued to extend, to authorize any such Spiritual Person to buy or fell any Cattle as aforesaid, or Corn, in Person, in any Market, Fair, or Place of public Sale.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Spiritual Person having or holding any Vicarage or Perpetual Curacy, or for the Stipendiary Curate thereof respectively, to occupy by himself or by any other to his Use in Ferm, of the Lease or Grant of any Person or Persons, the Impropriate Parsonage, Rectory, or Vicarage respectively, of the Parish of which such Spiritual Person shall be the Vicar, or Perpetual Curate, or Stipendiary Curate, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, or to take any Profit or Rent out of any such Farm, without being subject to any Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, by Means thereof, under the said first-recited Act; any Thing therein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, That in such Cafcs in which such Impropriate Parsonage, Rectory, or Vicarage, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be so oecupied as aforesaid, shall not at any Time before the passing of this Act, have been so occupied by the fame, or any other such Spiritual Person as aforesaid, such Person

2 shall

Court or JucfgS may order any Suit commenced, oft or fublrquent to > be discontinued.

Spiritual Persons may take Houses, See. though not in a City, See. and such as have not futheient Glebe, may by Consent of the Bishop take Farms.

[* Benefice, /v 4 5 <*- 3. t. soy*

May hold Ef-talts as Property, but no! any Farm for Cultivation, unless under a Lease granted-on or before January I, 0 1803, or by Consent of lb# Bishopu

May buy or fcj Cattle or Corn for the Occupation ut Farms*

Vicars or Curates may take Leases of the Impropriate Parsonages of their Paiilhcs;

but where not

occupied by a Spiritual Person before passing this Act, tU

902 C. 84. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

shall remain liable to such Paint, Penalties, and Forfeitures, unless he shall have obtained the Licence of ths Bishop for so occupying the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That any Clergyman, possessed of any Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, who shall be licensed or otherwise exempted from Residence under exem ted f m^18 or an? ot^er Ad, may take to term and occupy in the Parish where he resides, or any adjoining Parish, Residence, may Lands for the Convenience and Accommodation of his Household and Hospitality only, as the Bishop of

occupy, where the Diocese in which he resides may allow by any Writing under his Hand, he resides, such Lands at the Bishop may allow.

Licence of the Bishop necessary.

Clergyman licensed, or

13 Eliz. c. to.

and its continuing Statutes repealed.

This A A shall not deprive Spiritual Persons cf any Privileges.

Penalty for Non-residence under recited Act 21 K. 8. c. 13. repealed, and other Penalties imposed,

25 H. 8. c. 16.

*8 H. 8. c. 13. 33 H. 8. c. 28.

No Partonage that hath a Vicar endowed, &c. shall be deemed a Benefice.

The Court in which any Action shall be depending, may require the Diocesan to certify the reputed annual Value of Benefices, &c.

X. And be it further enacted, That an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act touching Leases of Benefices, and other Ecclesiastical Livings with Cure9 together with all and every Explanations, Additions, and Alterations thereof, made by several Statutes in the fourteenth, eighteenth, and forty-third Years of her said Majesty's Reign, and also so much of an Act made in third Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, intituled, An Act for Continuance and Repeal of divers Statutes, whereby the same were made perpetual, be from henceforth repealed.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to deprive any Spiritual Person of any Privilege, Indemnity, or Permission, as to the taking, having, or holding any Ferms or Lands to which any such Spiritual Person was or would be entitled unto, under any of the rrovisions of the said recited Act of his said late Majesty King Henry the Eighth, or any otherwise howsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said first-recited Act as imposes the Penalty Of ten Pounds, in the said Act mentioned, on any Spiritual Person therein described, who shall not keep'Residence on one of his Dignities, Prebends, or Benefices, but absent himself wilfully by the Space of one Month together, or by the Space of two Months, to be accounted at several Times in any one Year, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the passing of this Act, every Spiritual Person, being possessed of any Archdeaconry, Deanery, or other Dignity, Prebend, Be* nefice, Donative, or Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, who shal^ without sufficient Cause, as in the said first-recited Act, or under an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act that every Judge of the High Courts may have one Chaplain heneficcd with Cure, or under another Act, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, The Billfor Non-ref dence of Spiritual Men and their Benefices, or under another Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act for the Chancellor of the Duchy of Laucafler and others to have Chaplains9 is specified, or such other sufficient Cause as would exempt such Spiritual Person from any of the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures under the said recited Acts for any Non-residence, and who shall not have any such Licence or Exemption as is in this Act mentioned for that Purpose, wilfully absent himself therefrom for the Space of three Months together, or to be accounted at several Times in any one Year, and make his Residence and Abiding at any other Place or Places, except at some other Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, of which he may be possessed, shall, when such Absence shall exceed such Period as aforesaid, and not exceed six Months, forfeit and pay one Third of the annual Value (deduding therefrom all Outgoings, except any Stipend paid to any Curate) of the Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, from which he shall so absent himself as aforesaid; and when such Absence shall exceed six Months, and not exceed eight Months, one Half of such annual Value; and when such Absence shall exceed eight Months, two Thirds of such annual Value; and when such Absence shall have been for the Whole of the Year, three Fourths of such annual Value; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Wei* minfiery or the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Whole of every such Penalty or Forfeiture shall

so and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the fame, together with such Costs of uit a3 shall be allowed, according to the Practice of the Court in which such Action shall be brought; provided, that no Parsonage that hath a Vicar endowed, or Perpetual Curate, and having no Cure of Souls, shall be taken to be or be comprehended under the Name of Benefice, within the true Intent and Meaning, or for the Purposes of this Act.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Court in which any such Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, shall be depending, may and shall, upon Application made for that Purpose, require by Rule or Order of the said Court, or any Judge thereof, the Archbishop or Bishop of the Diocese, within the Limits of which the Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, shall be locally situate, or to whom the same shall be subject, according to the Provisions of this Act, for or by reason of Non-rafidence, in, at, or upon which the Penalties and Forfeitures shall be fought to be recovered by such Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, to certify in Writing under his Hand to the said Court; and also to the Party for that Purpose named in the said Rule or Order, the reputed annual Value of such Dignity, Prebend, Bepefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry; and upon such Rule or Order being left with such Archbishop or Bishop, or the Register of such Archbishop or Bishop^ such Archbishop or Bishop shall accordingly so certify such reputed annual Value, and such Certificate shall in all subsequent Proceedings upon such Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, be received and taken as Evidence of the annual Value of such Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacv, or Parochial Chapelry, respectively, for the Purposes of this Act, without Prejudice nevertheless to the Admissibility or Effect of any such other Evidence as may be offered or given cefpeding the actual Value thereof.

7 XXV. Provided

43° GEORGII III.

C. 84. 903

A.D. 1803.

r XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Spiritual Person Item? possessed of any Dignity; Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, who shall have made his Residence and abided at his said Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, for the Space of one whole Year, without wilful Absence therefrom, for any longer Time than three Months together, or in the Whole at several Times, shall be liable to any of the Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures in this Act or the said recited Act contained, for any previous Non-residence, unless the Action for the Recovery of such Penalties or Forfeitures shall have been actually commenced against such Person, previous to his

having completed such Residence for one Year, in the Manner herein specified.

r r the Action be commenced before

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Spiritual Person having or holding any Office, in such Manner as the same under any of the Provisions of the said first-recited Act, or of an Act, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act that every Judge of the High Courts may have one Chaplain henefield with Cure; or of another Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, The Bill for Non-refdence of SpirituSt Men and their Benefices; or of another Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act for the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster and others, to have Chaplains; would exempt such Spiritual Persons from Residence, or from the Penalties and Forfeitures in the said Acts contained for Non-residence, or actually serving as a Chaplain of the House of Commons, or as Clerk of his Majesty's Closet, or as a Deputy Clerk thereof, during the Time of th^ir respective Attendance, or as a Chaplain General of his Majesty's Forces, or Brigade Chaplain on foreign Service, or Chaplain on board any of his Majesty's Ships, or of his Majesty's Dock Yards, or in any of his Majesty's Garrisons, or Chaplain of his Majesty's Corps of Artillery, during the Times of attending the Duties of such Offices respectively, or as Chaplain to any British Factory, or in the Household of any British Ambassador or publick Minister redding Abroad, during the Time of his actually redding in such Factory or Household, and performing there at all due Times and Seasons the Duties of such his Office, or as Chancellor or Vicar General, or in his Absence the Principal Surrogate or Official in any Ecclesiastical Court of any Diocese, whiltl they are residing in the Places where their respective Offices are exercised, or aB Minor Canon, or Vicar Choral, or Priest Vicar, or any such other publick Officer in any Cathedral or Collegiate Church, during the Times for which they may be required by the Canons or local Statutes thereof to jrd&de at such Cathedral or Collegiate Church, and actually reside and perform Duty at the fame, or as Deans, Sub-Deans, Priells, or Readers in his Majesty's Royal Chapels at Saint James's and Whitehall, or a9 Reader in his Majesty's private Chapel at Windsor or elsewhere, or as Chaplain at the Royal Military Asylum at Chelsea, or Royal Military College at High IVycomhe, or Teacher at the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich, or Chaplains at the Royal Hospitals at Greenwich and Cheffca, or as Chaplains to the Royal Hospitals for Seamen at Hafar and Plymouth, whilst they shall respectively reside and perform the Duties of their respective Offices, or as a Preacher or Reader in any of the Inns of Court or at the Rolls, or as Burfar, Dean, Vice President or publick Tutor or Chaplain, or other such publick Officer, in any College or Hall in either of the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, during the Period for which he may respectively be required, by reason of any such Office, to perform the Duties of any such Office, and actually shall perform the Duties of the same, or as publick Librarian or publick Regift rar, or Pnoftor, or publick Orator, or other such publick Officer, m either of the said Universities, during the Period for which he may respectively be required, by reason thereof, to perform the Duties of any such Office, and actually shall perform the Duties of the same, or as Fellow of «ny College in either of the Universities, or of Eton or Wine heller College, during the Time for which he may be required to reside by any Charter or Statute, and actually resides therein, or as Warden or Provost of Eton or Winchcfer College, during the Time for which they may be respectively required to reside, or shall actually reside therein, or as Schoolmaster or Uttier in the fame, or as Schoolmaster or Usher of Westminster School, shall be liable to any of the Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures in the said first-recited Act or this Act contained, for or on account of any Non-residence on any Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, or Perpetual Curacy; any Thing in the said Act or this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons mentioned in an Act, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, The Billfor Non-ref dence of Spiritual Men, and their Benefces, and entitled under the Provisions of the said Act or any other Act, to the Privilege and Liberty of Non-rtfidence until after and above the Age of forty Years, shall be entitled to enjoy the Privilege and Liberty of Non-residence after or above the Age df thirty Years, without Prejudice nevertheless to any of the Exceptions and Savings contained in the said Act; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contra notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Penalty or Cods incurred by any Spiritual Person by reason of any Non-residence on his Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, shall be levied by Execution against the Body of such Person, whilst he shall hold the same or any other Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, out of the Profits of which the same can be levied by Sequestration, within the Term of three Years; and in case the Body of any such Spiritual Person shall be taken in Execution for the fame, the Court in which the same was recovered, or any Judge thereof, may and shall, upon Application made for that Purpose, discharge the Party from such Execution, in case it shall be made to appear to the Satisfaction of such Court or Judge that such Penalty and Costs can be levied as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the several Bishops respectively, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, upon Application ma le for that Purpose by Petition in Writing, by any Spiritual Person having or holding any Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, locally situated within

their

No Person having resided a Year without Absence for more than three Months, shall be liable for any previous Non-residence, unless he has so resided.

Certain Persons exempted from Penalties for Non-residence. (See ante, §12.)

Persons entitled under 2* Hen. 8. c. 13. to Privilege of Non-icfideiice till 40 Years, (hatl not be entitled to it after 30.

No Penalty shall be levied personally where it can berecoveicd by Sequelhation of the Benefice in three Years.

P i (hops in

England may grin: licences (or No.i-'efi-tltnce in certain Cases.

904 C.?4*

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 180.3.

Cifri in which any Bishops may gtant Licences dor Nun-rest-<lence.

their respective Dtocefes, upon such Proofs as to any Fa£ls Hated in any such Petition as any such Bishop irtay think necessary, if he shall require it, by Affidavit made before any Surrogate or Master Extraordinary in Chancery (which Oath any Surrogate or Master Extraordinary in Chancery is hereby authorized and required to administer), to grant in such Cases as are herein after enumerated, where, on due Consideration of all the Circumstances dated in any such Application, and verified to the Satisfaction of the Bishop as aforesaid, such Bishop shall in his Discretion think it fit to grant the fame, a Licence in Writing under his Hand, expressing the Cause of granting the fame, for the Non-rciidence of such Spiritual Person on his Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Pei pctual Curacv, or Parochial Chapelry, for the Purpose of exempting such Person from any pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures; under and subject nevertheless to the Regulations, Provisions, and Reflri&ious in this Act contained.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Bishop to grant Licences to any Spiritual

Persons having any Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, within his Diocese, to reside out of the proper Himfe of Residence, or out of the Parish, and within such Difiance rtherefrom, as the Case may appear to such Bishop to require, if, upon the Consideration of all the Circum-

Fee for Licences.

Persons aggrieved f»y Refusal of Licences, may appeal to tue Archbishop.

5ceurity by Party appealing.

In Cases not enumerated, Bishops may grant Licences, and assign Salaries to Curates employed.

Reasons Cor granting them shall be transmitted to the Archbishop for Examination and Allowance.

fiances of any such Case, such Bishop (h ill in his Discretion think the same fit and proper, in the several Case* dierein-after mentioned; (that is to say, ) To any Spiritual Person who shall be prevented from residing in the proper House of Residence, or in the Parish, by actual Illness or Infirmity of Body of himself, or Wife or Child, making Part of, and residing with him as Part of his Family; and also to any Spirttial Person having or holding any Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, whereupon aor wherein there shall be no House of Residence, or where the House of Residence shall be unfit for the Re-fidence of such Ecclesiastical Person, such Unfitness not being nccafioned by any Negliger.ee, Default, or other Mi icon duel of such Ecclesiastical Person, such Spiritual Person keeping such Houfv of Residence in such Repair as shall be to the Satisfaction of the Bishop; and also to any Spiritual Person having or holding any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, and having or possessing or occupying in the Parish of the same respectively, any Mansion or Messuage belonging to himself or any Relative, to reside in such Mansion or Messuage, such Spiritual Person keeping the House of Residence, and other Buildings be-4onging thereto, in good and sufficient Repair and Condition, to the Satisfaction of the Bishop; and also to <any Spiritual Person having or holding any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, of Email Value, and serving as a Stipendiary Curate elsewhere, with the Licence of the Bishop of the Diocese, and providing for the serving of such his Bentfice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, to the Satisfaction of the Bishop of his Diocese; and also to any Master or Usher of any endowed School duly licensed by the Bishop, and actually employed in teaching therein, or to the Master of any other School who now is or shall be, within one Month after the passing of this Act, duly l-censed by the ^Bishop; and also to any Master or Preacher of Hospitals or incorporated charitable Foundation daring the Period for which he may be required to reside by any Charter or Statute of any such Hospital or incorporated charitable Foundation, or by any other lawful Authority, in the fame, and shall actually reside and perform his Duties therein; or to any Person holding any endowed Lectureship, or endowed Chapelry, or endowed Preachership, and performing and executing the Duties thereof respectively; or to any Spiritual Person having or holding any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry of small Value, and serving as Preacher in any Proprietary Chapel in Cities or Towns, with the Licence of the Bishop in whose Diocese he shall so officiate; -or to the Librarians of the Britr/b Museum, or of Sion College; or to the Trustee-s of Lord Crewe's Charity, during the Times of their personal Attendance on the Duties of their Office: Provided always, that for any such Licence, the Party obtaining the same shall not pay more to the Secretary or Officer of the Bishop than the Sum of ten Shillings, exclusive of any such Stamps as may be required by Law: Provided always, that if any Spiritual Person applying to any Bishop for any such Licence, shall think himself aggrieved by the Refusal thereof, it shall be lawful for such Spiritual rerson to appeal to the Archbishop of the Province, who shall forthwith, either by himself, or some Commissioner or Commissioners appointed from among the other Bishops of his Province, under his Hand, make, or cause to be made, Enquiry into the fame, and by Writing, signed by himself, confirm such Refusal, or grant a Licence under this Act, as shall seem just and proper r Provided nevertheless, that the Party appealing shall give Security to the Bishop for the Payment of such reasonable Expences occasioned by the Appeal, as the Archbishop, or his Commissioner or Commissioners shall award.

XX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any such Bishop as aforesaid, in any Cases not herein-before enumerated, in which, under all the Circumstances of any such Case, such Bishop shall think it expedient to grant to any such Spiritual Person possessed of any Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, a Licence to reside out of the proper House of Residence, or out of the Parish, as the Case may be, or the Case may appear to such Bishop to require, and to assign, in any Case in which the Stipendiary Curate may be employed to do the Duty of lu«h Spiritual Person, Inch Salary as he shall judge fit to appoint, due Respect being had to the Value of the Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, and to all the other Circumstances of the Case: Provided always, that in every such Case the Nature and special Circumstances thereof, am! the Reasons that have induced such Bishop to grant such Licence as aforesaid, shall be forthwith transmitted to the Archbishop of the Province to which such Bishop shall belong, who shall forthwith, by himself, or by some Commissioner or Commissioners appointed for that Purpose from among the Bishops of such Province, by Writing under his Hand, which Commissioner or CommissioneTS is and are thereupon authorized to take upon himself or themselves the Execution of the said Commission, examine into such Case, and make such Enquiries as to any Particulars relating thereto, as such Archbishop or Commissioner or Commissioners so appointed as aforesaid may iiiink necessary, and after such Enquiries made by himself, or where the same shall be made by such Commis-

fioccr

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 84.

Licences Anil not be void by the Death or Re* raoval of the Grantor, unless

- fioner or Commissioners, after a Return of the Substance thereof, in Writing, to such Archbishop, such Archbishop shall thereupon allow or disallow such Licence, in the Whole or in Part, or make any Alteration therein asto the Period for which the same may have been granted, or otherwise, and likewise as to the Stipend assigned to the Curate, as to such Archbishop shall seem fit; and no such Licence shall be good, valid, or effectual, under this Act, for any Purpose whatever, unless it shall have been so allowed and approved by such Archbishop 5 such Allowance thereof being signified by the signing thereof by such Archbishop: Provided always, that it shall not be necessary in such Licence to specify the Cause of granting the fame: Provided also, that no Licence granted under this Act shall be made void by the Death or Removal of the Bishop or Archbishop granting the fame, but the same shall be and remain good and valid notwithstanding any such Death or Removal, unless the same shall be revoked by the next or any succeeding Bishop or Archbishop, as the Case revoked by the may require: Provided also, that any Spiritual Person may appeal against any such Revocation by the Bishop Successor. alone, in like Manner as is herein-before directed in case of any Refusal>f any Licence: Provided also, that Archbishop*, fa the respective Archbishop* may, in their respective Dioceses of which they are Bishopa, grant Licences under r5jPeAive the Provisions and Regulations in this Act contained, in all Cases m which any Licences may be granted by p^icencer. any Bishop under this Act, either by his own Authority, or with the Allowance and Approval of the Archbishop as aforesaid: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for any such Archbishop to order and direct such F* ma7 he or-reasonable Fees and Charges to be paid by any such Spiritual Person appealing as aforesaid, in respect of any t4> he P*

such Proceedings as aforesaid, as he shall in his Discretion think fit: Provided always, that in every Case when any Costs and Charges directed by such Archbishop or Bishop as aforesaid, shall remain unpaid for the Period of twenty-one Days after Demand thereof left at the usual or last Place of Abode of the Person liable to the Payment, it shall be lawful for such Bishop or Archbishop respectively to cause the same to be recovered by Sequestration of the Profits of the Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curaoy, or Parochial Chapelry, of such Spiritual Person as aforesaid, and which Sequestration such Archbishop or Bishop are respectively hereby empowered to issue.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Bishop or Archbishop who shall have granted any Licence for Non-residence as aforesaid, or any Successor or Successors of any such Bishop or Archbishop, to revoke any such Licence, in any Case in which it may appear to him or them proper and expedient to revoke the fame: Provided also, that no Licence for Non-ieudence granted under this Act shall continue iu Force for more than two Years from the granting thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every such Bishop or Archbishop who shall grant or revoke any licence under this Act, shall and he is hereby required to cause a Copy of such Licence or Revocation to be filed in the Registry of the Diocese within which such Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, in respect whereof any such Licence shall be granted or Revocation made, shall be locally situate; and an Alphabetical Lift of such Licences and Revocations shall be j made out by the Register of the said Diocese, and entered in a Book, and kept for the Inspection of all Persons, upon Payment of the Sum of two Shillings, and no more; and a Copy of every such Licence and Revocation, with respect to any Benefice, Donative, Petpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, shall be transmitted to the Churchwardens of the Parflh to which the lame relates, within one Month after the Grant of such Licence or Revocation thereof, to be by them deposited in the Parish Chest $ and a Copy of the same shall likewise be publickly read at the Visitation of the Archdeacon of the Archdeaconry within which the Benefice, Donative, Petpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, in respect whereof the Licence shall have been granted or Revocation made, shall be locally situate, immediately next succeeding the granting or Revocation thereof.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Archbishop who shall confirm in Manner directed by this Act any Licence or Licences in any Case or Cases not enumerated in this Act, or who shall grant mny Licence in his own Diocese, shall annually on or before the thirty-first Day of January in each Year, trans-mh to his Majesty in Council a List of all such Licences so confirmed or granted respectively as aforesaid, in the Year ending on the last Day of December preceding such thirty-first Day of January; and shall, in every such Lift, specify the Reasons transmitted to him by the Bishops of the feveiil Dioceses, for granting the said Licences, and the Reasons which have induced him to confirm the fame, and also the Reasons which have induced him to grant any such Licence as aforesaid within his own Diocese \ and it shall be lawful for his Mft-jesty in Council, by any Order made for that Purpose, to revoke and annul any such Licence, and if his Majesty in Council shall think fit so to do, the same shall be transmitted to the Archbishop who shall have coo-finned or granted such Licence, who shall thereupon cause a Copy of every such Order made in relation to any Licence confirmed by him as afore mentioned, to be transmitted to the Bishop of the Diocese in which such Licence shall have been granted, who shall thereupon cause a Copy of the mandatory Part of the said Order to be filed in the Registry of such Diocese, and a like Copy to be delivered to the Churchwardens of the Parish to which the same relates, in Manner herein-before directed as to Licences under this Act; and every such Archbishop shall cause a Copy of the mandatory Part of every such Order made in relation to any such Licence as aforesaid granted by him in his own Diocese, to be in like Manner filed in the Registry of his Diocese, and a like Copy also to be delivered to the Churchwarden of the Parish to which such Licence shall relate, in Manner before mentioned.

XXIV. Provided always, That after such Licence shall have been so revoked by his Majesty in Council, the same shall nevertheless, in all Questions that shall have arisen or may thereafter arise, touching the Non-residence

of the Spiritual Person to whom the same shall have been granted, between the Period at which the same -

were granted or confirmed, and the Time at which the same shall be so revoked as aforesaid? be deemed and Kd.

taken to be, and to have been valid and effectual to the Intents and Purnofcs of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight On vr before hundred and five, and at the like Period in every succeeding Year, a Return or Returns shall be made, to his Mych5, 1805,

43 Geo. III. 5Z6 Majesty

by Appellants. Custs may be recovered by Scquellration.

Licences may be revoked.

None to be in Force more than, two Year*. Copies of Licences or Revocations shall be filed in the Rc-gifiry of the Diocese, and a List kept for Inspection; and Copies of certain Licences and Revocations (had be transmitted to Churchwardens, and publickly tead at the first Vi Station.

A LsR of Li- cences confirmed by the Arch-bHhop, or granted in his owi) Diocese, Hull be annually transmitted to his Majesty an Council, who may revoke Licences, Ac*.

Between the Grant and Revocation of a Licence, it dull

906 C. 84.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

be made to his Majesty in Council of every Benefice, &c. and of the Persons who shall not have resided thereon; and very Non-resident after Jan. I, 1804, by Exemption, without Licence, shall yearly notify the Nature of it to the Dio-cefan.

A Duplicate of such Notification

to be filed, and his Certificate shall b Evidence of its being made.

Persons neglecting to make Notification, shall not be entitled to Exemption.

Majesty in Council, by every such Archbishop and Bishop, of the Names of every Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, and Parochial Chapelry, within their respective Dioccfes, or subject to their respective Jurisdictions, by virtue of this Act; and the Names of the several Persons possessing the fame, who shall not have resided thereon by reason of any Exemption under or by virtue of this Act or any other Act, or by reason of any Licence granted by such Archbishop or Bishop respectively, for any and what Cause enumerated by this Act; and also of all the Persons possessing the fame, not having any such Exemption or Licence, who shall not have resided on such Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, so far as the Bishop is informed thereof; and for the Purpose of enabling the Archbishop# and Bishops to make such Return as aforesaid, every Person who shall be non-resident in any Year subsequent to the first Day of January in the Year One thousand eight hundred and four, by reason of any Exemption under this Act or any other Act, and to entitle him to which, it is not necessary to obtain any Licence under this Act, shall, within six Weeks from and after the first Day of January in every following Year, notify the feme in Writing, under his Hand, to the Archbishop or Bishop of the Diocese to whose Jurisdiction he is subject by this Act, or otherfrife, in respect of such Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, specifying the Nature of such Exemption: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for

_____ _____ the Person making such Notification, to deliver, or cause to be delivered to the Registrar of such Diocese as

may be delivered aforesaid, a Duplicate of such Notification in Writing, and which Duplicate such Registrar is hereby required to the Registrar to file and preserve in the Registry of such Diocese; and in all Cases in which any Question shall arise, whether any such Person as aforesaid has made such Notification as is required by this Act as aforesaid, a Copy of such Duplicate, certified under the Hand of the Registrar of the Diocese for the Time being, together with the Time of filing the fame, and which Certificate such Registrar is hereby required to give, upon Application for that Purpose made by or on the Behalf of the Party interested, shall be deemed and taken to be Elvidence that the Party required to make such Notification as aforesaid hath made the same.

XXVI. ' And, to the Intent to enforce such Persons as aforesaid from Time to Time duly to make such

Notification as aforesaid/ be it enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully neglect to make such Notification as aforesaid, the Person so neglecting shall not be or be deemed to be entitled, from and after the Expiration of such six Weeks, to the Benefit of such Exemption as aforesaid, until he shall have Y made such Notification in Writing; and such Person so wilfully neglecting to make such Notification as aforesaid, notwithstanding such subsequent Notification, shall not be or be deemed to be entitled to such Exemption in respect of any Non-residence which shall have taken place between the Expiration of such six Weeks, and the Time or making such subsequent Notification; and in all Cases in which any Question shall arise, whether such Neglect was wilful, the same shall be taken to have been wilful, unless the contrary is proved by the Person claiming such Exemption.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Spiritual Person to whom any such Licence for Non-residence shall have been granted, and against whom any Action shall thereafter be brought for anjr Penalty or Forfeiture under this or any other Act, by reason of any Non-residence, or any Matter or Thing relating where to any Licence under this Act has been granted, to plead such Licence in bar of any such

Action; and if the Plaintiff in such Suit or Action shall be nonsuit, or shall discontinue any such Suit or Action after any Plea of Licbnce shall have been pleaded thereto under this Act, then and in such Case the Defendant in such Suit or Action shall have full Costs of Suit; and if in any such Suit or Action a Verdict shall be given for the Defendant, the Defendant shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in other Cases to recover Costs by Law.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That during the Vacancy of any See, the Power of a granting Licences under this Act, subject to the Regulations therein contained, shall be exercised by the Vicar

fiee is vacant or General of the Diocese; and that during the Absence of any Prelate out of the Realm, or such Infirmity as difebles him from exercising in Person the Functions of his Office, it shall be exercised by such Person or Persons as is or are lawfully empowered to exercise his general Jurisdiction in the Diocese.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt any Person or Persons from any Canonical or Ecclesiastical Censures, or affect any Proceedings that shall hereafter be instituted in any Ecclesiastical Court, in order to cause the same to be inflicted in relation to the Non-residence of arty Spiritual Person, having or holding any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, not being duly licensed according to tVje Provisions of this Act to be absent therefrom, nor having any other lawful Cause of Absence: Provided always, that, from and after the passing of this Act, no such Censures by reason of any Non-residence, not exceeding three Months in any one Year, shall be put in Force/ nor shall any Proceeding be admitted in any Ecclesiastical Court against any such Spiritual Person for such Non-residence not exceeding three Months in any one Year, at the Suit or Instance of any Person or Persons other than the Archbishop, Bishop, or Archdeacon only of the Diocese and Archdeaconry within such Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, in respect whereof such Non-residence shall have taken place, shall be locally situated; arty Thing in any Law or Laws, or Ecclesiastical Canon or Canons, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Licence may be pleaded-in bar of Action; and in case of Nonsuit,

' fee. the Defendant shall have Costs.

By whom Li-

the Prelate absent,

Act'ftuH not exempt from Censurefor Non-residenct without Licence; but no Coniure for Non-residence not exceeding three Months in one Year, shall be put in Force, nor any Proceedings be admitted except at the Suit of the Bishop or Archdeacon.

Ifany unliceufed Person does i^ot sufficiently re>-fide, the Hishop may issue a Monition to 1 elide, fcc.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which it shall appear to any such Bishop or Archbishop as aforesaid, that any Spiritual Person having or holding any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial. Chapelry, and not being licensed according to this Act to be absent therefrom, nor having any other la wful Cause of Absence from the same, docs not sufficiently reside on the same respectively, it shall be lawful for such Bishop or Archbishop to issue, or cause to be issued, a Monition, to such Spiritual Person, forthwith to proceed to and reside thereon, and perform the Duties thereof, and to make a Return to such Monition within

a certain

9°7

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 84.

a certain Number of Days after the issuing thereof; so as that in every such Case there shall be thirty Day9 between the Time of delivering such Monition to such Spiritual Person, or leaving the same at his then usual or lad Place of Abode, or if not there to be found, with the officiating Minister, or one of the Churchwardens, and also at the Hause of Residence (if any such there be) belonging to such Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, to which any such Spiritual Person shall be required by such Monition to proceed andrefide thereon, and the Time specified in such Monition for the Return thereto; and every such Monition shall immediately on the issuing thereof be filed in the Registry, and open for Inspection on the Payment of two Shillings, and no more; and the Spiritual Person to whom any such Monition shall be sent under this Act, shall, within the Time specified for that Purpose, make a Return thereto; and it shall be lawful for the Bishop or Archbishop to whom any such Return shall be made to require such Return, or any Fasts contained therein, to be verified by the Oath of such Spiritual Person, or others, to be taken before some Surrogate or Mailer Extraordinary" in Chancery, which Oath any such Surrogate or Master Extraordinary" in Chancery is hereby authorized and required to administer, on Application being made for that Purpose f and in every' Case where no such Return shall be made, or where such Return shall not date such Reasons as shall be deemed satisfa lory by such Bishop or Archbishop for the Non-residence of the Spiritual Person to whom such Monition shall have been sent as aforesaid, or where the same or any of the Fasts contained therein shall not be so verified upon Oath as aforesaid, when the same shall have been required, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Bishop or Archbishop to issue an Order in Writing, under his Hand and Seal, to require such Perf«m v> proceed to and reside as aforesaid, within thirty Days after such Order in Writing, or a Copy ther -r, fh o'have been delivered or left in like Manner as is herein-before required as to Monitions; and in case of Non-compliance, it shall be lawful for such Bishop or Archbishop to ftquefler the Profits of such Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry of such Spiritual Person as aforesaid, until such Order shall be complied with, or such sufficient Reasons for Non-residence dated and proved as aforesaid; and to <fireft, by any Order to be made for that Purpose under his Hand, the Application of such Profits, after deducing the necessary Expences of serving the Cure, either in the Whole or in such Proportion as he shall think fit, in the flrd Place to the Payment of such reasonable Expences as shall have been inenrred in relation to such Monition and Sequestration, and in the next Place towards the Augmentation or Improvement of any such Parsonage, Vicarage, Donative, or Perpetual Curacy, or the House of Residence thereof, or any of the Buildings and Appurtenances thereof, or towards the Improvement of any of the Glebe or Demesne Lands thereof; or may order and direct the fame, or any Portion thereof, to be paid to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, to be applitd for the Purpose of such Augmentation as such Bishop or Archbishop shall in his Discretion, under all the Circumstances, think fit and expedient; and it shall also be lawful for any such Bishop or Archbishop, within six Months after such Order for Sequestration, or within six Months after any Money shall have been actually levied by such Sequestration, to remit tovany such Spiritual Person any Part or Proportion of such sequestered Profits, or cause the same or any Part thereof that shall have been paid or directed to be paid to such Governors of Queen Anne*8 Bounty to be repaid to such Spiritual Person, which Repayment the said Governors are hereby authorized and required, upon an Order under the Hand of any such Bishop or Archbishop, to make out of any Money then in their Hands, or if no Money shall then be in their Hands, out of the next Money that shall come to their Hands, in any Case in which by reason of the subsequent Obedience of any such Spiritual Person to any such Monition or Order, or the dating and proving such sufficient Reasons as aforesaid, such Bishop or Archbishop shall think the feme proper: Provided always, that when any such Spiritual Person shall think himself aggrieved by reason of any such Sequestration issued by any Bishop, it shall be lawful for any such Spiritual Person within fifteen Days after the making any Order for any such Sequestration as aforesaid, and upon such Notice thereof, to be served in like Manner as the Monition herein-before directed, to appeal to the Archbishop of the Province to which such Bishop shall belong, who shall forthwith, either by himself or some Commissioner or Commissioners appointed from among the Bishops of his Province for that Purpose under his Hand and Seal, make 011 eause to be made due Enquiry into the fame, and mnke such Order therein or relating thereto, or to the Profits that shall be so sequestered as aforesaid, for the Return to such Spiritual Person of the same or any* Part thereof, or otherwise, as shall, under all the Circumstances of the Case, appear to such Archbishop (after Rich Enquiry made by himself or by his Commissioner or Commissioners, and in the latter Case, after the Substance of such Enquiry shall have been returned in Writing to the said Archbishop) to be jud and propers Provided always, that the Party so appealing shall give Security to the Bishop for the Payment of such reasonable Expences occasioned by the Appeal as the Archbishop or his Commissioner or Commissioners shall award: Provided also, that no such Order for any Sequestration shall be put in Force during such Appeal as aforesaid, and until the same shall be determined.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Spiritual Person to whom any such Monition or Order in Writing shall be sent as aforesaid under this Act, ^ho shall be at the Time of the issuing thereof absent from Residence in or upon his Benefice, his Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, but who shall, in Obedience to such Monition or Order, forthwith return to due Residence, and the Profits of whose Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, shall, by reason of such Return, not be sequestered, shall nevertheless pay all Cods, Charges, and Expences incurred by reason of the issuing and serving such Monition or Order; to be levied as any Cod may be levied on any Spiritual Person by any Archbishop or Bishop, under any of the Provisions of this Act.

XXXII. ' And, to the Intent effectually to enforce bona Jide Residence, according to the Intent and Meaning of such Monitions and Orders as aforesaid be it further enacted, That if any Spiritual Person not licensed under this Act to he absent from his Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, nor having other lawful Cause of Absence from the same, who, after any such Monition or Order as aforesaid,

5 Z 2 requiring

Return* shill be

made to Monitions, which may be required to be upon Oath.

Where Returns.shall not be made, or not be satisfactory, the Bishop may order Residence, and ifdifjbeyed, may fiquester the Profits of the Benefice, and dhedt an ApplU cation thereof.

1

Appeal against

Sequel! rations may be made to the ArchbUhop.

Appellant shall give Security.

Person s who shall return to Residence on Monition, shall pay the Cost*.

If any Person returning to Residence on Monition, shall be* fore fix Month*

908 C. 84.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

thereafter absent himself, the Bishop may, without Monition, sequester the Profits of the Benefice,

requiring Ms Residence, and before or after any such Sequestration as aforesaid, shall, in Obedience to such Monition or Order, have begun to reside upon his Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Cha* pelry, shall afterwards, and before the Expiration of six Months next after the Commencement of such Residence, in the Judgment and without the Leave of such Archbishop or Bishop, begb Wilfully to absent himself from such Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapeliy, it shall be lawful for such Archbishop or Bishop, without issuing any other Monition, or making any other Order, again to sequester and apply the Profits of such Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, as is before directed by this Act, for the Purpose of enforcing the Residence of such Spiritual Person, according to the true Intent of the original Monition ifftied by such Archbishop or Bishop as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the Archbishop or Bishop so to proceed in like Cases from Time to Time, as often as Occasion may require 5 provided that, in each and every of such Cases, such Spiritual Person shall be entitled to appeal against such Sequestration, in such Manner and upon such Terms as herein-before is and are mentioned touching Appeals respectine Sequestration*; but nevertheless the same shall be in Force during such Appeal.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk shall continue under any Sequest ration made under the Provisions of this Act, for Non-residence, for the Space of three Years, or shall, under the Provisions of thb Ad, incur three Sequestrations in the said Space of three Years, not being relieved, with respect to any of such Sequeflrations, upon Appeal, the Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, b relation to Non-residence upon which such Sequestration shall have been made, shall become ipso faQo void, and the Patron or Person entitled to present or nominate some Clerk thereto, other than the Clerk who shall have so continued under such Sequestration or Sequestration*, as if the same had been avoided by the natural Death of Resignation of the Party.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Contrails or Agreements made after the passing of this Act for the letting of Houses of Residence, or the Buildings, Gardens, Orchards, and Appurtenances necessary for the convenient Occupation of the same, belonging to any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, to which Houses of Residence any Spiritual persons shall be required, by Order of the Archbishop or Bishop as aforesaid, to proceed and to reside therein, a Copy of which Order shall, immediately on theiffu* bg thereof, be transmitted to one of the Churchwardens of the Parish, and be by him forthwith Served on the Occupier of such House of Residence, or left at the fame, and which such Churchwarden is hereby required to Serve accordingly, shall be null and void; and any Person continuing to hold any such House of Residence, or any such Building, Garden, Orchard, or Premises, after the Day on which the said Spiritual Person shall be directed by the bid Order to reside in such House of Residence, and after Service of such Copy as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings for every Day he shall, without the Permission of the Archbishop or Bishop in Writbg for that Purpose obtained, wilfully continue to hold any such House, Build* bg, Garden, Orchard, or Premises, to be recovered and applied in like Manner as the Penalties for Non-residence are directed to be recovered and applied by the Provisions of this Act; but in Cases of such Contrails or Agreements made before the passing of this Act, the Person holding and occupying under any such Contract or Agreement shall not be liable to any Penalty for three Calendar Months from the Time of the Service of the Copy of such Order of the Archbishop or Bishop as aforesaid upon such Occupier, or at such Houb of Residence as aforesaid, and Sequestration shall not issue for Disobedience to the Order of the Archbishop or Bishop for three Calendar Months, to be computed from the Service of the Copy of the said Order, .at the Expiration of which Time it shall be lawful for the Archbishop or Bishop to issue Sequestration; and from and after the Expiration of which Time the Party continuing to hold any such House, Building, Gar* den. Orchard, Premises, or Appurtenances as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings for every Day he shall wilfully continue without such Permission in Writing as aforesaid to hold the fame, or any of them, to be recovered and applied b like Manner as aforesaid.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Spiritual Person shall be liable to any Penalties under this or any former Act, for not residing in such House of Residence during such Time as such Tenant shall continue to occupy such House of Residence, and other Buildings necessary to the Occupation of the same.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That where any Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Information, shall have been commenced or brought against any Spiritual Person to whom any Monition shall be sent as aforesaid, before the issuing thereof, for any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred by reason of the Non-residence of any such Spiritual Person before the issuing of luen Monition, then and in such Case the Bishop or Archbishop fending such Monition as aforesaid, shall, upon Notice of such Action or Suit, cause to be retained the Profits, or so much of the Profits of the Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, in respect whereof such Action or Suit shall be brought, and Monition issued as aforesaid, and which may under this Act be sequestered as aforesaid, as will be sufficient to satisfy any Penalty or Penalties for which any such Action or Suit shall be brought, together with such Costs as the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein may be entitled to, if any, and shall, if a Verdict shall be given for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action, and final Judgement obtained therein, after deducting all the Charges which shall have been occasioned by the said Sequestration, to the Bishop or Archbishop, or any Person or Persons who shall have acted therein under his Authority, pay or cause to be paid to such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs the Sum or Sums of Money that shall be recovered in any

Jf at the Time of such Action or Suit, to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein: Provided always, that if at the Time of filing any filing any Moni- such Monition as aforesaid no Action for any such Penalty or Forfeiture shall have been already commenced against such Spiritual Peyfon, then and in such Case no such Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Information, shall be afterwards brought for any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred by reason of any Non-residence of such Spiritual Person before the issuing of such Monition, or during any Proceedings that maybe had under such Monition; and if any such Action or Suit shall be so commenced, the Defendant therein may plead in bar thereof, that such a Monition as aforesaid has issued in respect of the same Parsonage, Vicarage, Donative, Perpetual

Curacy,

Ifa Cferk shall continue under Sequel! ration three Yean, or incur three Sequestration* within that Period, the Benefice shall become void. Contrails, after passing this Act, for letting Houses in which any Spiritual Personsihall, by Order of the Bi-Shop, be required o reside, shall he void; and Persons holding Possession after the Day appointed shall be sub-ye& to Penalty; but in Cases of Contrails before patting this All, not till three Months after Service on the Occupier, See.

Ho Person liable to Penalty for Mon-residence, while the Tenant shall continue to occupy.

If an AHion be brought for Non. residence before issuing Monition, a Sum sufficient to satisfy Penalty and Cods shall be retained outs the Profits of the Benefice.

tion no Aliion shall have been commenced, nunc shall be afterwards brought, ice.

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 84.

9°9

No Oath relating toRefidence (halt be required of any Vicar.

Act extended to all Dignities,

Archbishop, Bi-fli.ip, and Archdeacon, within whose respective Province, Diocese, or Ju'U* diction, any Benefice, Sec.

were not exempt; and where any such Benefice, Sec. Bull be situate in more then

Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry; and such Defendant, unless upon Application to the Court the same shall be dispensed with, shall upon pleading such Matter file or cause to be filed an Affidavit in the said Court, thereby dating that, according to the Belief of the Defendant, the Bishop or Archbishop who has issued or c^used such Monition to be issued is proceeding or intends to proceed upon the said Monition, to the Intent to make the same effectual to the Intents and Purposes of this Act, otherwise such Plea shall not be good or available in the Law. w

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Oath shall be required of or taken by any Vicar in relation to Residence on his Vicarage; any Law, Cuilom, Constitution, or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every the

Clauses, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures in this Act contained, in relation to Residence, or to any other Matters and Things relating thereto, shall extend, and be deemed and construed to extend to all Dignities, Bea*

Prebends, Benefices, Donatives, Perpetual Curacies, and all Parochial Chapelries, exempt as well as not CCi* c# exempt, and all Peculiars, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes as it the same had been and were in this Act particularly mentioned and specified 5 any Thing in any Act or Acts, Law or Laws, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Archbishop, Bishop, and Archdeacon, within the Limits of whose Province, Diocese, or Jurisdiction respectively, any Dignity, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry respectively, exempt or peculiar, shall be locally situate, shall have, use, and exercise all the Powers and Authorities necessary for the due Execution by them respectively of the Provisions and Purposes of this Act, and for enforcing the same with regard thereto respectively, as such Archbishop,

Bishop, and Archdeacon respectively would have used and exercised if the same were not exempt or peculiar,

but were subject in all Respects to the Jurisdiction of such Archbishop, Bishop, or Archdeacon; and also that __________, _ __

where any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, exempt or peculiar, shall be locally «*empt, shall be situate within the Limits of more than one Province, Diocese, or Jurisdiction, or where the same or any of

them shall be locally situate between the Limits of any two or more of such Provinces, Dioceses, or Jurisdic- Powers as tions, or any of them, the Archbishop or Bishop to the Cathedral Church of whose Province or Diocese the if such Benefice Parish Church of the same respectively shall be nearest in local Situation, shall have, use, and exercise all the Powers and Authorities which are necessary for the due Execution of the Provisions of this Act, and enforcing the same with regard thereto respectively, as such Archbishop or Bishop could have used if the same were not exempt or peemiar, but were subject in all Respects to the Jurisdiction of such Archbishop or Bishop respectively; and the fame, for all the Purposes of this Act, shall be deemed and taken to be within the Limits of the Province or Diocese of such Archbishop or Bishop; and the same shall also, for the Purposes of one Province, this Act, be taken to be within the Archdeaconry'of, and be iubje& to the Jurisdiction of such Archdeacon °.r as hath Jurisdiction as such over the Parish, the Parish Church of which is nearest to the Church of such Bene- Jt^ the Arch-fice. Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, exempt or peculiar 5 any Thing in any Act or Acts, bilkM>p or Bishop Law or Laws, Usage or Usages, or other Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding s Provided, that to whose Cathe-the Peculiars belonging to any Archbishoprick or Bishoprick, though locally situated in another Diocese, shall dral ihe Parish continue subject to the Archbishop or Bishop to whom they belong, as well for the Purposes of this Act, as for Chui^{1 J*1 all other Purposes of Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in the Laws whatsoever. j["e

Powers, &c. All Peculiars be subject to the Archbishop or Bishop to whom they belong

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be Act shall not construed to extend, to alter or affe& his Majesty's Royal Prerogative in the granting of Dispensations for Non-residence upon Benefices, as the same now exists by Law; nor to affect any Privileges of Clerks retained in hi* granting*

Majesty's Service under the Statute passed in the ninth Year of Edward the Second, intituled, Clerks in the King's Dispensations, ServiceJballhe discharged of their Residence y but shall he corrected by their Ordinary nor Clerks retained in his Service under9Ed. 1. c.S

XLI. And, to the Intent to avoid all Doubts, 7 be it enacted, That no Archbishop or Bishop, having or No ArchbiAo* who shall have any Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, or Perpetual Cure, shall, by reason of Non-residence wr BUhop shall upon the fame, be subject or liable to any Penalties or Forfeitures. be liable to the Penalties for Non-residence.

XLII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Forfeiture or Penalty shall be incurred under or No Penalty for by virtue of this Statute for any Act of Non-residence committed prior to the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four.

XLIII. Provided also, That no Penalty for fanning shall be incurred by any Spiritual Person, under this or any other Statute, till the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four.

XLIV. Provided also, That no Provision in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend beyond that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England*

XLV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case in any Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in which any Verdict shall have been obtained prior to the passing of this Act, any Execution shall have been sued out at any Time between the seventh Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, and the Day foHoiTt beiwvea after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful, after the passing of this Act, for any Judge of the Court in July 7, 1803, which such Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information shall be depending, upon the Application of the Defendant, to direct by any Rule or Order the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs who shall have levied under any such Execution, to repay to the Defendant so much of the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Costs levied by such Execution, as the Sums so levied shall exceed the Amount of what such Defendant would have been liable to pay in Penalty,

Forfeiture, and Costs, or any of them, as the Case might be if no Execution had been sued out agahift such Defendant, and such Defendant had applied under this Act to such Judge to discontinue the Proceedings in such Action, Bill, Plaint, and Information before Execution taken out; and such Judge and Defendant respectively shall have full Power to enforce Obedience to such Order or Rule, in like Maimer as Obedience to any Order or Rule of such Court, or any Judge of Court, can or may be enforced*

Non-residence prior te Jan. f, 1804;

nor for farming till April5, 1804. Ad not to extend beyond England.

Jfany Execution Ukall have been

and the Day after passing the Act* the Judge may direct the Repayment of so much of Penalties and Cofit levied as exceeds what the Defendantwould have bees liable to under this Act.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

910 C. 85.

Numh«r of Private Men in each County.

Lord Lieutenant

and Council fcall apportion the Number of Men between the County of Louth and the County of the Town of Drogheda-

Provisiom respe^iing Counties (halt extend to all Cities, Towns, and Places.

General Meetings of the Governors, See, in each County Pull appoint the Number of Men for each Subdivision, &c. and the Days for the first Subdivision Meetings, ami issue Orders to the Conll. b!cs to amend Lifts, or make new ones, and to affix them to the1 Church Doors, Ice.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act to enable his Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble, in Ireland, an additional Military Force, for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War. [11th July 1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, for the more effectual Defence and Security of the United Kingdom

against the avowed Designs of the Enemy, and for the vigorous Prosecution of the War, that a drong additional Force should be forthwith raised and assembled in Ireland\ in Manner herein after mentioned, to be applied to the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, '

t Governors and Deputy Governors of Counties in Ireland under the Militia Acts [particularly 33 G. 3.

K€ c. 22. 35 G. 3. c. 8. 37 G. 3. c. 19.] empowered to execute this Act there."

II. And be it further enacted, That th^Number of Private Men to be raised by virtue of this Act shall be

as follows (that is to say): For the County of Antrim, including the Town and County of the Town of Carrickfergus, two hundred and eighty; for the County of Armagh, two hundred and eighty; for the County of Carloyu two hundred and ten; for the County of Cava/} two hundred and ten; for the County of Clare two hundred and ten; for the County of Cork five hundred and seventy; for the County of the City of Cork two hundred and eighty; for the County of Donegal three, hundred and fifty; for the County of Down four hundred and twenty-five; for the County of the City of Dublin two hundred and eighty; for the County of Dublin two hundred and ten; for the County of Fermanagh two hundred and ten; for the County of G<z/-way, including the Town and County of the Town of Galway, three hundred and fifty; for the County of Kerry two hundred and eighty; for the County of Kildare two hundred and ten; for the County of Kilkenny* including the County of the City of Kilkenny, two hundred and eighty; for King's County two hundred and eighty; for the County of Leitrim two hundred and ten; for the County of Limerick two hundred and eighty; for the County of the City of Limerick two hundred and ten; for the County of Londonderry three hundred and fifty; for the County of Longford two hundred and tea 5 for the County of Louth, including the Town

and County of the Town of Drogheda, three hundred and fifteen; for the County of Mayo five hundred; for the County of Meath two hundred and eighty; for the County of Monaghan two hundred and eighty; for Queen's County two hundred and ten; for the County of Roscommon two hundred and eighty; for the County of Sligo two hundred and ten; for the County of Tipperary three hundred and fifty; for the County of Tyrone three hundred and fifty; for the County of Waterford* including the City and County of the City of Waterford, two hundred and eighty; for the County of Wesimcath two hundred and ten; for the County of Wexford three hundred and fifty; and for the County of Wicklow two hundred and ten.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, and the Privy Council of Ireland* to ascertain, fix, and declare the Number of Men which the County of Louth and the County of the Town of Drogheda shall respectively furnish towards the said Number of three hundred and fifteen, hereby required to be raised by the said County of Louth, including the Town and County of the Town of Drogheda9, and that such Number shall be so ascertained, fixed, and declared, by an Order of Council, to be made and transmitted to the Governors of the said County of Louth, and to the Mayor of the said Town of Drogheda respectively, within ten Days after the paffnig of this Act, or as soon after as may be.

IV. And be it further ertadied, That all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things whatever in this Act contained, relating to Counties, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Cities, Towns, and Places in Ireland, required to provide Men under this Act, as fully and amply as if they were severally and respectively repeated with relation to such Cities, Towns, and Places respectively.

V. And be it farther enacted, That a General Meeting of the Governor or Governors and Deputy Governors, or of three Deputy Governors at the lead, shall be held in each County in Ireland within ten Days after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as may be; and at such General Meeting the said Governor or Governors or Deputy Governors, or such of them as shall be present at such Meeting, shall respectively apportion and divide every such County into such Subdivisions as they shall think most expedient for the Purposes of this Act, and shall appoint the Number of Men to be raised for and by every such Subdivision, and also the Number to be respectively raised for and by every Parish or other Place within any such Subdivision, which Number so appointed shall he the Quota or Proportion that each of such Subdivisions and each Parish or Place therein shall respectively furnish towards the Number of Men herein-before required to be furnished by the County at large; and the Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, or such of them as shall be present at such General Meeting, shall also appoint the Days for the first Subdivision Meetings to be holden for the Purposes herein after mentioned, and shall issue Orders to all Constables to amend the Lilts already returned under the several Acts relating to the Militia of Ireland or to fumifii new Lids, as the Case may require, in Manner directed by the said Acts, having regard, where necessary, to the Number of Yeomanry Corps enrolled in any of the said Subdivisions, in Manner herein after mentioned, so that the Names of all Persons liable to be ballotted for Service under or by virtue of this Act shall be inserted in such Lills, and that the Names of all Persons exempted from serving under this Act shall be (Iruck out of such Lills; and to affix such Lifts or amended Lifts to the Doors of the Churches of their respective Parishes, or otherwise according to the Directions they shall receive from the said Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, at such General Meeting, so that due publick Notice may be given of the same; and to give Notice, in Manner directed by the several Acts relating to the Militia oi Inland, of the Days of Appeal by Persons claiming to be exempted from

Service

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 85.

Service under this Act, which Appeal* are hereby directed to be heard and determined on the Days respectively

appointed for such first Subdivision Meeting.

VI. And be it farther enacted, That the said Constables shall accordingly without any Delay proceed to amend such Lifts, or to form such new Lifts; which Lifts shall contain the Names of all Persons between the Ages of eighteen and forty-five, not being exempted by this Act, and such Persons shall accordingly be liable to be ballotted and to serve under this Act; and such Constables shall affix the said Lifts, and give such Notice of Appeal, in Manner as by the said Act9 relating to the Militia «of Ireland, as well as by this Act, is respectively directed with respect to Appeals on account of Exemptions from Service, previous to the said first Subdivision Meeting to be appointed under this Act, as herein-before mentioned.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person being a Commissioned Officer in his Majesty's other Forces, whether Regular or Militia, now embodied, or in any one of his Majesty's Castles or Forts, nor any Officer on the Half Pay of the Army, Navy, or Marines, nor any Non-commissioned Officer or Private Man serving in any of his Majesty's Regular or Militia Forces 5 nor any Person being a resident Member of the College of the Holy Trinity of Dublin, nor any Clergyman, nor any Teacher in Holy Orders or pretended Hofy Orders, having acted and officiated as such Teacher in any fixed Place of Worship before the eighth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, and not carrying on or exercising any Trade or other Occupation for his Livelihood, except that of a Schoolmaster; nor any Constable or other Peace Officer; nor any Person being and having been, on or before the twenty-second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, an articled Clerk, nor any Apprentice, being at the passing of this Act under the Age of twenty-one Years ? nor any professional Seaman or Seafaring Man actually earning his Livelihood as such Seaman or Seafaring Man; nor any Person trained and actually doing Duty and mufttred in any of his Majesty's Docks or Dock Yards for the Service thereof, or actually employed and mustered in his Majesty's Service, at the several Gun Wharfs, or at the several Powder Mills, Powder Magazines, or other Storehouses belonging to his Majesty, under the Direction of the Board of Ordnance; nor any poor Man having more than one Child born in lawful Wedlock under ten Years of Age, or infirm; nor any Person who has served personally or by Substitute in the Militia raised by virtue of any Act or Acts relating to the Militia of Ireland, shall be liable to serve personally, or provide a Substitute to serve in the Army to be raised by virtue of this Act, unless by Rotation it shall have come to the*Turn of any such Person to be again ballotted for: Provided always, that no Person who has served in any: of his Majesty's Regular Forces, or as a Substitute or Volunteer in the Militia of Ireland, and hath been discharged from or quitted the fame, shall, by such Service, be exempted from serving in the said Army to be raised by virtue of this Act, if he shall be chosen by Ballot; and that no Person or Persons shall be exempted frorfi serving in the said Army to be raised by virtue of this Act, who is not hereby specially exempted, although such Person may be exempted from serving in the Militia of Ireland by any Act or Acts in Force relating to the said Militia.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, Trumpeter, Drummer, or Private Man, who shall have been duly and actually enrolled and serving, or who shall have offered him-seif and been accepted to serve, Qn or before the twenty-second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, in any Troop or Company of Yeomanry raised or continued under an Act passed in the last Session of*Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable'his Majesty to accept and continue the Services of certain Troops or CotnpiimcPaf Teamanry in Ireland, the Services of which Corps shall have been accepted on or before the twenty-second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, and whose Services shall extend in Cases ofactual Invasion, Rebellion, or Insurrection, or the Apprehension thereof, to the Military District in which such Corps shall be situate, (half be liable to serve personally or provide a Substitute to serve in the Army t& be raised under or'by virtue of this Act, so long only as he shall actually continue to belong to and serve in such Corps, and shall comply with the Conditions required by the said Act for exempting him from serving in the Militia.

u No Person in any Yeomanry Corps exempted, unless entered on the Muster Roll on or before June t€ 22, 1803. Rolls shall be returned to the Clerks of the General Meetings, §9. No Person 5 feet 2 Iiiches " high shall be deemed unfit, §10" [As §8, 9. of c. 82.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Governors assembled at such first Subdivision Meeting, shall proceed to hear and determine Appeals, on such Lifts or amendtd Lifts, from Persons claiming to be exempted from Service, and after approving or amending such Lifts on such Appeals, shall cause Duplicates of such Lifts so approved or amended, as the Case may be, to be sent to the Clerks of the General Meetings, who shall severally return Abstracts thereof to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being; and the said Deputy Governors at such Subdivision Meeting shall appoint a second Subdivision Meeting, to be holden as soon as conveniently may be, and within one Week from the Day on which such first Subdivision Meeting was holden, for the Purpose of balloting for the Men to serve under this Act, for the several Parishes and Places in such Subdivision; and the Deputy Governors, or any two or more of, them, assembled in pursuance of such Appointment at such second Subdivision Meeting, shall cause the Number of Men apportioned to serve as aforesaid, to be chosen by Ballot out of the Lift so amended or approved as aforesaid, returned for every Parish or Place, and shall appoint a third Subdivision Meeting, to be holden as soon as conveniently may be, and within ten Days and not lets than seven Days, for tj.he Purpose of enrolling the Men required to serve as aforesaid, and shall issue Orders to all or any Constables or other Officers within such Subdivision to give Notice to every Man so ballotted to appear at such Meeting; which Notice shall be given or left at his Place of Abode at leall three Day^ before such Meeting; and such Constable, or other Officer shall attend such Meeting, and make a Return upon Oath of the Days when such Notice was served; and every Person so chosen by Ballot shall upon such Notice appear at such Meeting, and shall be enrolled in a Roll (to be then and there prepared for that Purpose) to serve in the Army to be tailed by virtue of this Act, and under the Regulations herein after mentioned, as a Private Man.

8 XII. And

911

Constables shall amend Lifts or form new ones, affix Lifts and give Notice of Appeals.

Exemptions,

- 7

farther

emptkxis as t# Ycdtnanrjr

Corps.'-

r V r

p

V h

3ubdivision Meetings ftiaH determine Appeals, and fend Duplicates of Lifts/ to Clerics of General Meetings (who shall return Abstracts to the Secretary 10 the Lord Lieutenant); shall appoint Meetings fur ballotting.and for enrolling, older Constables to gi*« Notice to die, Men to appear, &Q.

Men, upon, .Notice, shall appear to l^a enrolled.

.85.

43 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

Acts omitted to be done at iny Mteting may be done at a subsequent Meeting, and it* the lull Number should not be enrolled, a fresh Ballot fluH be had, &c.

One Deputy Governor may administer Oaths and require the Clerk of the Subdivision (o enrol the Personi {worn.

Persons ballotted may find Substi-tules, who shall not be objected to on accounvoi' the Number of their Children.

Deputy Governors may provide Substitutes for Quakers, and may levy a Penalty by Difiltft*

The Veftiy of any Parish may make an Assessment for providing Substitutes or Volunteer*, and appoint Persons to di-^red the Application of the Money.

First General Meeting shall fix Average Price of Substitutes - or Volunteers. Churchwardens may produce Substitutes or Volunteers to any Deputy Governor; Periods may provide them, or

XII. And be it further enacted, That if through the Neglect or Mistake of any of the Governors or Deputy Governors, or any Constables or other Officers, or from any other Cause, any Act or Acts, Matters or Things hereby required to be done at any such Meeting specified in this Act, shall not be performed, it shall be lawful for the Persons respectively authorized and required to do any such Act, Matter, or Thing, to carry the same into Execution at or after any subsequent Meeting; and all such Acts, Matters, and Things, shall be as good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been done at the Time and in the Manner required by this Act; and if the full Number of Men appointed for any Subdivision should not be duly enrolled at any Meeting appointed for that Purpose, the Deputy Governors at such Meeting, or at any subsequent Meeting, or any two or more of them, may, and they are hereby required, immediately to cause any Lifts to be amended if necessary, and to proceed to a fresh Ballot, and to adjourn their Meetings, or appoint other Meetings, as may be expedient for carrying the Purposes of this Act duly and fully into Execution; and that it shall be lawful for any one Deputy Governor to administer the Oaths required by this Act to be taken by Persons to serve under or by virtue of this A cl, to any Person ballotted, or to any Person offering as a Volunteer under the Directions of this Act, or to any Person who shall offer to serve as a Substitute; and such Deputy Governor is hereby authorized to direct and require the Clerk of the Subdivision for which any Person by whom the said Oath has been before him taken is to serve, to enroll the Name of every such Person, together with the Date of the Day on which the said Oath was so administered to him, in the Roll of such Subdivision.

" Subdivision Meetings may discharge unfit Persons not worth iool. and cause others to be chosen, §13." £a/$ 13 of c. 82.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Persons ballotted to serve under or by virtue of this Act, to find and produce Substitutes, who, being able and fit to serve, and approved in Man^ ner directed by the several Acts relating to the Militia of Ireland and by this A A, shall be enrolled and sworn; and the Persons finding such Substitutes shall not be again liable to be ballotted to serve or to find Substitutes to serve under this Act, unless it shall again come to the Turn of any such Person; and no Person produced as a Substitute shall be rejected by any Deputy Governor or Deputy Governors for or on account of the Number of his Children 5 any Thing in any former Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

4< Penalty on Persons chosen by Ballot (not being Quakers ), neglecting to serve or to find Substitutes. If u Penalty be not paid, the Persons shall be compelled to serve, §15." [or §15 of c. 82.

XV/. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Governors to provide, in Manner directed by the said recited Acts relating to the Militia of Ireland, a Substitute for any Quaker ballotted under this Act, and to levy a Sum of twenty Pounds, by Distress and Sale, in Manner directed by the said recited Acts, on the Goods and Chattels of the Quaker for whom such Substitute shall be provided, and shall pay the Expence of providing such Substitute from the Amount of the said Penalty, and the Overplus (if any) mall be paid and applied as directed by this Act.

No Man shall be enrolled till examined by a Surgeon. — The Attendance of certain Surgeons may be required.« — Allowance to be made the Surgeon for Attendance shall be paid in like Manner as Allowances are by the several Acts relating to the Militia of Ireland, directed to be made and paid to Subdivision Clerks^jf 17. i$ec §18 if c. 82. J — Ballotted Men shall be enrolled to serve within the United Kingdom, Gvernfy, Jcffijr«and Alderney, and shall take Oath accordingly. — Substitutes or Volunteers shall be liable to serve within the «* lame Limits; and take Oath accordingly, and shall be examined as to their Fitness to ferre*. and take an Oath that they have no Rupture, §18." [oj §19 of c. 82.

XIX. And, in order to facilitate the raising the necessary Number of Men with all convenient Speed, ' belt farther enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Inhabitants of any Parishin Ireland, at a Veftiy Meeting held for that Purpose, of which three Days publick Notice shall be given, specifying the Cause of ealung such Meeting, and which Meeting every Church-warden is hereby severalYy required to summon, at the Desire of any two Inhabitants, to order to be levied by Assessment upon the Parish such Sums as they shall think proper, not exceeding in the Whole the Amount of the Average Price of a Substitute, (such Average Price to be fixed in Manner herein after mentioned, ) for every Man directed to be raised as the Quota of such Parish, and to apply the same as they shall think fit, for providing a sufficient Number of Persons to serve as Substitutes or Volunteers for fu^h Parish, according to the Quota so to be raised in such Parish as aforesaid; and that it shall be lawful for the said Inhabitants, at the said Veftiy Meeting, to appoint one or more Person or Persons to direct and superintend the Application of such Sums for such Purposes, pursuant to the Order of such Vestry; and all such Sums shall be forthwith raised and levied in like Manner, and by all such Means, Powers, Authorities, and Persons, and with all such Remedies, in case of any Refusal or O million to pay the same, as any Parish Cefsmay by Law be raised and levied in Ireland, the Overplus, if any, to be applied to any such Parochial Purposes to which a Parish Cess may by Law be applied, as the said Vestry shall, at any future Meeting to be called for that Purpose, direct.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors of each County, at their first General Meeting, to be holden as herein-before directed for the Purpose of this Act, shall fix and declare what, in their Judgment, shall appear to them to be a fair and reasonable Sum to be paid as the Average Price of a Substitute or Volunteer in the said Army.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens of such Parish shall and may produce such Substitutes or Volunteers so provided as aforesaid, before any Deputy Governor of the Subdivision, at any Time previous to the Day appointed for choosing the Men by Ballot in such Subdivision in pursuance of this Act; and that it shall and maybe lawful for any Person or Persons to provide Volunteers to serve for any Subdivision, and to produce such Volunteers, or for any Persons willing to serve to offer themselves to serve for any such Division, and to appear before any such Deputy Governor within such Time and at such Place as aforesaid, and

Z every

A.D. 1803.

43 GEORGII III.

C. 85. 913

every Person fa produced or appearing*, who shall be approved of by the said Deputy Governor as aforesaid, shall and may be enrolled to serve under this Act; and such Deputy Governor, before whom any such Volunteer shall be enrolled, shall cause the Clerks of the Meetings for the respective Subdivisions to enroll the Names.of all such Volunteers, in such Manner as they are required to enroll the Names of Persons chosen by Ballot; and the Names of all such Volunteers shall be so entered within the respective Subdivisions, before the Time appointed for ballotting the Men within the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Governors shall. From Time to Time, order all such Substitutes and Volunteers to be forwarded to the Place of Assembly for their respective Counties; and if the Number of Substitutes or Volunteers enrolled by virtue of this Act, in any Subdivision, before the Time appointed for taking the Ballot, as before directed, shall not amount to two Third-parts of the whole Number of Men appointed to be raised within such Subdivision, the Deputy Governors shall, at the Time and Place before appointed, proceed to ballot for such Number of Men only as shall be then wanted to make up the whole Number to serve for such Subdivision, making a fresh Apportionment of the Number of Men to be raised for the respective Parishes in such Subdivision according to the Number then wanted as aforesaid 5 Regard being had to the respective Numbers of Substitutes or Volunteers that shall have been then serving, fumimed by and for such several Sub-divisions, and for the several Parishes and Places contained therein respectively and that if the Number of Volunteers who shall have been then enrolled shall amount to or exceed such two Third-parts, then the fold Deputy Governors may suspend the Ballot, appointed to be taken for any Space of Time not exceeding seven Days, of which like Notice shall be given as herein-before directed and they shall forthwith transmit an Account of the Number of Volunteers so enrolled to the Clerk of the General Meetings, and shall also transmit a Duplicate thereof without Delay to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, on the TransmifBon of such Account, to direct a further Suspension of the fold Ballot for such Time as shall be deemed expedient, in order to give a reasonable Opportunity to complete the Quota of such Subdivision by the Enrolment of Substitutes or Volunteers; and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Deputy Governors acting for such Subdivision, within the Time allowed by the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, m any Order transmitted for that Purpose, to enroll such Number of Men as Substitutes or Volunteers under this Act as shall be wanting to complete the Quota of Men to be raised for such Subdivision, in the Manner before directed: Provided always, that if atthe Expiration of the Time allowed by the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland*, the whole Number of Men to be raised for such Subdivision shall not have been enrolled, the Deputy Governors, without further Delay, shall proceed to ballot for the Number of Men then wanted to make up such Number, making a fresh Apportionment in Manner herein-before mentioned; but if, at the End of the Time so* allowed, the whole Number of Men to be so raised for such Subdivision shall be completed, then the Deputy Governor* shall trafismit an Account thereof to the Clerk of the General Meetings, and shall also transmit a Duplicate thereof to the said Chief Secretary, and in such Case no Ballot shall take place for such Subdivisioa.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That when any Person shall have received any Money for the Purpose of serving as a Substitute or Volunteer, either in the Way of Earned or in Part-payment of any Sum agreed to be given for his becoming such Substitute or Volunteer, or in any other Manner as such Substitute or Volunteer, and shall afterwards refuse or neglect to appear to be enrolled and sworn, and to serve as such, k shall be lawful for any one Deputy Governor, or any Justice of the Peace or Magiftr&te to whom Complaint shall be made, thereon to cause any such Person to be brought before him by Warrantand if such Person shall refuse to be enrolled and sworn to serve as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse, or be unable to return the Sum of Money so advanced as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons from whom be received it, together with the further Sum of forty Shillings by way of Forfeit, such Deputy Governor or Justice may and he is hereby

1 required to commit such Person to the Common Gaol of the County or Pkace-for three Months, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of one Guinea fbeU be paid by the Collectors of his Majesty's Excise of the nearest District, to the respective Commanding Officers of Companies, in Manner directed by the said recited Act of the thirty-third Year aforesaid, for the Use of evenr Man raised under this Act, when and so soon as any such Man shall join at the Place of Assembly appointed for that Purpose; and the Sum of two Guineas shall in like Manner be paid for and in respect of every Man ballotted to serve, who shall appear, and be enrolled and fworir personally to serve under this Act, as soon as such Men shall have respectively joined their respective Regiments, Battalions, or Corps; which Sums shall be respectively paid, applied, and accounted for in Manner directed by the said recited Act. lotted on joining his Corps*

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall befowfolYor his Majesty, or the Lord Lieutenant or other His Majesty or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to appoint the Times and Places for the assembling of the Men enrolled under this Act, by and for eaeh County, and also for his Majesty to appoint and fend proper Officers and Non-commissioned Officers to receive such Men, Notice whereof shall be transmitted by the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, to the Governor or Governors of every such County, and also to the Clerk of the General Meetings; and where no such Officers or Non-commissioned Officers shall be so sent, the Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governor of each County, shall order the Men when enrolled to repair forthwith to the Places of Assembly so appointed, and shall cause to be advanced to such Men such Pay, for the Purpose of fobfifting such Men during such March, as is directed in the several Acts relating to the Militia of Ireland, as far as the same respects such Militia when embodied; and all Justices of the Peace, Magistrates, Constables, and other Officers, may, and they are hereby required to do all other Acts, Matters, and Things, in relation to the billetting such Men, and providing suffictcnt Car-

43 Geo. III. 6 A'riage*

Such Substitute? and Volunteers shall be sent to the Place of Assembly, and if ihofe enrolled before taking the Ballot shall amount to two Thirds, the Deputy Governors may suspend the Ballot, and shall fend an Account of the Number enrolled to the Clerk of the General Meetings, and a Duplicate to the Chief Secretary.

Lord Lieutenant may direct a further Suspen-(ion of the Ballot; after which the Number

wanting shall Be balfotted for*, &c.

Substitutes Volunteers, having received Money and not appearing to be enrolled, shall return it and, pay a Penalty, or be impi i-fbntd.

One Guinea shall be paid by the Collectors'6f Excise for every Man on joining at the Place of Assembly, and two Guineas (br every Man bal-

the Lord Lieutenant may appoint the Times and Places for. assembling, and his Majesty may feud Officers, Notice whereof shall be sent te-the Governors and Clerks of the General Meetings*

9H

Where no Officers are fenr, the Governors, Jtc. flu)! order Men to repair to the Places of Aflfcmbly, See.

fTn Majesty or the Lord Lieutenant may direct Colonels to discharge any Man willing to enlist for general Service, See.

Persons discharged and refusing toenliil shall continue to belong to their Corps.

The Governors, &c. shall transmit Certificates to the Commanding Officers of the Men raised, and all Vacancies shall fce Supplied according to the Irish Militia Acts; and the Commanding fficers and Adjutants shall send to the Chief Secretary, to be transmitted to the Clerks of the General Meetings, Returns relating tc Vacancies.

Deputy Goyert nors shall, at a Meeting on or before Sept. 25, 1803, (except in case of recruiting, /^ $ 38 , ) transmit Certificates (Jee Schedule A.) to Clerk of the General Meetings, who shall transmit them to the Clerk of the Peace, to he delivered to the QuarterSefliuns, who shall, where the Men have not been wholly raised, directhe County Treasurer to issue his Warrant to the Collector of the Ctfs, to levy cpoti the Placeol. for each Man wanting.

C. 85. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

riages for the forwarding the March of such Men, as they are authorized and directed to do with respect to any of his Majesty's Forces.

" His Majesty may cause the Men to be placed in Corps appointed to serve within certain Limits, or to be lt formed into new Corps, Notice whereof shall be given by the Chief Secretary to the Governors of Counties \ u and his Majesty may appoint Officers to command and discipline them; and the Army raised under this Act tc shall be subject to the Mutiny Laws, §26. [&r §29. of c. 82.] None of the Corps in which the Men

t shall be placed shall be ordered out of the United Kingdom, GuernJ?y> Jersey, or Alderney; nor any of the u Men be compellable to serve out of those Limits; unless on enlisting for general Service, §27. \as §30#

ofc. 82.]"

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, from Time to Time, under such Bounties, Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as may to his Majesty seem most expedient, and as may be declared in General Orders, to direct the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, in which any Men raised under this Act shall be placed or formed, to discharge any such Men so raised who shall be willing to enlill in his Majesty's Forces for general Service: Provided always, that the Parish by and for which any such Men shall have been raised, shall not be compellable or compelled to fill up any Vacancy occasioned by the enlisting of any Men under any such Discharge as aforesaid.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person so discharged for the Purpose of being enliiled as aforesaid, shall notwithstanding refuse to enlist, then and in every such Case, such Person shall continue to belong to the Regiment, Battalion, or Coras from which he shall have been so discharged for the Purpose of enlisting as aforesaid, notwithstanding any such Discharge.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the respective Governors and Deputy Governors of Counties in Ireland, upon the Receipt of any such Notice, as aforesaid, of the Regiments, Battalions, or Corps to which the Men raised in their respective Counties shall respectively be appointed, or in which they shall be formed, shall forthwith transmit to the Officer or Officers respectively commanding such Regiments, Battalions, or Corps respectively, a Certificate or Certificates of the Number of Men belonging to their respective Counties, as also of the Subdivisions and Parishes for which they respectively serve; and all Vacancies that shall arise in the said Army by Death or Desertion of any Man enrolled therein, or in consequence of any such Man being reclaimed as a Deserter from his Majesty's other Forces, or from the Marines or Militia, or by any such Man becoming unfit for Service, and being duly discharged accordingly, shall be filled up and supplied in such and the like Manner, and under such and the like Penalties as are contained in the several Acts in Force at the Time of the passing of this Act, in relation to the Militia of Ireland\ except in so far as any such Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Act varied, altered, or increased; and the respective Commanding Officers and Adjutants of such Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, shall, in order to the having such Vacancies duly and speedily supplied, from Time to Time transmit, and cause to be transmitted, all such Returns and Accounts as are directed in the several Acts relating to the said Militia with respect to finch Vacancies, to the Office of the Chief Secretary 'to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to be by him

transmitted to the Clerks of the General Meetings: Provided always, that no Vacancy eaufed by the Discharge of any Man as unfit for Service, shall be filled up, except the same Discharge shall be signed by the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, and that it shall be certified by two Deputy Governors of the County to which the Man belonged, that such Man was enrolled for the said County, and did serve for the same.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Governors acting in and for the several Subdivisions in Ireland shall, and they or any two of them are hereby required, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of September next after the passing of this Act, (except in the Case wh'ere the Quota of any County shall be raised in the Whole or in Part by the Mode of recruiting herein after mentioned, ) to prepare a Certificate in the Form prescribed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, specifying the Number of Men originally required to be raised under this Act by and for such Subdivision, and by and for every Parish or Place respectively within such Subdivision, together with an Account of the Number of Men aft ually raised in such Subdivision, and in such Parishes and Places respectively by virtue of this Act, and to transmit such Certificate and Account to the Clerk at the General Meeting of the County in which such Subdivision shall be situate; and every such Clerk of the General Meetings shall, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September next after the passing of this Act, transmit all the said Certificates to the Clerk of the Peace of the said County, together with an Account of the whole Number of private Men raised and enrolled in such County by virtue of this Act; and every such Clerk of the Peace shall deliver the said Certificates and Accounts to the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions for the County, to be held next after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, on the Day on which such Sessions shall be opened; and the said Certificates and Accounts shall be filed amongst the Records of such Session; and where it shall appear by such Certificate, that in any Subdivision, or in any Parish or Place therein, the whole Number of Men directed by the said Governor or Governors or Deputy Governors, at their said first General Meeting holden as aforesaid, under the Direction and Authority of this Act, to be severally raised within the same Subdivision, Parish, or Place respectively, has not actually been raised and enrolled within such Subdivision, Parish, or Place respectively, the said Justices shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to direct, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, the Treasurer of the County to issue his Warrant to the Collector or Collectors of the public Cess, or Person whose Duty it may be to act as such for such Subdivision, Parish, or Place, or for the Place in which such Subdivision, Parish, or Place is situate, to levy forthwith in and upon such Subdivision, Parish, or Place, a Sum after the Rate of twenty Pounds

A.D. 1803.3* GEORGII III. C. 85

for every Man who shall be wanting at the Timd to complete the Number allotted for such Subdivision, Parish, or Place, and the further additional Penalty of twenty Pounds, at every succeeding Quarter Sessions, for every Man that may then remain deficient, until such Deficiency or Deficiencies shall have been filled up, and shall appear so to have been by a Certificate of any two such Deputy Governors in Form aforesaid; which Sums shall be levied in like Manner, and with like Power and Authority, and with all such Remedies, in case of any Refusal or Omission to pay the same, and with like Wages for the Cofleftion, as any Cess imposed by the Presentment of a Grand Jury in Ireland may by Law be raised or levied, and shall be paid by the Treasurer without Delay to the Collector of his Majesty's Excise for the said County, for the Purposes herein after mentioned.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Quota of any County shall be raised, in the Whole or in Part, by the Mode of recruiting herein after mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the said Deputy Governors, or any two of them, to prepare the Certificates and Accounts hereby required, and to transmit the same to the Clerk of the General Meeting, at any Time on or before the fifth Day of November next after the passing of this Act; and the said Clerk of the General Meeting shall tra'nsmit the same in Manner herein-before required, to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, on or before the tenth Day of the said November; and the said Cle A of the Peace shall, immediately on Receipt of the same, indorse upon such Certificates and Accounts respectively, the Day when he shall have received the fame, and shall deliver the said Certificates and Accounts so indorsed, to the Justices of the Peacf, at their General Quarter Sessions for the County, to be held next after the Receipt, by the said Clerk of the Peace, of such Certificates and Accounts, and whenever it shall appear by any such Certificates and Accounts, that the whole Number of Men required to be raised under this Act, in any Subdivision, was not actually raised and enrolled on or before the said fifth Day of No- vember, the said Justices, at their Quarter Sessions to be held next after the said tenth Day of November, shall proceed to direct the levying of a Sum, at the Rate of twenty Pounds, for and in respect of every Man so deficient on the said fifth Day of November, in like Manner in all Respects as they are herein-before required and directed to do, at their Quarter Sessions next after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, in respect of Men then deficient, and such other Proceedings shall be thereupon had as are herein-before required and directed for levying the said Sum, under the Order of the said Justices, at the said Sessions next after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, in Manner aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Sums of Money, paid by or levied upon the Goods or Chattels of any Person ballotted to serve under this Act, who shall neglect to appear or provide a Substitute to be approved as aforesaid, and all Fines, Penalties, and Sums of Money assessed and levied as aforesaid, by reason of any Default of any Subdivision, Parish, or Place, in not raising any Men required by this Act, shall be Debts to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and may be recovered as such, or may be levied under the Powers and Provisions of any Acts relating to the Militia of Ireland, and of this Act, and shall immediately, on the Payment or levying thereof, be transmitted, lent, and paid to the Collector of his Majesty's Excise of the nearest District; and shall forthwith by such Collector be transmitted to the Receiver General of his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, who, as well as the said Collectors, shall keep a separate Account of the same, to be applied in the raising Men for such Subdivision, Parish, or Place, for the Purposes of this Act, or for his Majesty's Forces for general Service, as his Majesty shall think fit, and according to the Direction to be received in that Respect from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks of General Meetings shall from Time to Time certify to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to be by him transmitted to the Admiralty, the Names and Residences of all Persons claiming to be exempt from being ballotted to serve under the Provisions of this Act as professional Seamen or Seafaring Men.

i Act shall not impede levying of Men to complete the embodied Militia, §35. [as §37 of c. 82.]"

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks to the General Meetings and Clerks to Subdivision Meetings, and all other Officers and Persons whosoever entitled under the several Acts relating to the Militia of Ireland, to'any Remuneration for their Pains and Labour in executing the Provisions of the said Acts, who shall execute the like or any other Provisions of this Act, shall for such Services respectively receive such Rewards as are directed by any of the said Acts in Force for such Services, and also such further Reward for their Pains and Trouble in and about the executing of this Act, as the Deputy Governors assembled at any Meeting held for that Purpose, at which not lcfs^than five Deputy Governors shall be present, shall think reasonable and proper, and shall certify Under their* Hands; and such respective Rewards, on the Production of such Certificate so signed as aforesaid to the respective Collectors of his Majesty's Revenue of Excise for the neared Didrift, shall be paid out of any publick Monies in their Hands, and the same shall be allowed in their Accounts.

Provisions of Acts relating the Militia of Ireland, so far as applicable, extended to this Act. $ 37.*

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if at the fird General Meeting of the Governor or Governors or Deputy Governors of any County in Ireland, to be held in pursuance of this Act, five of the said Governor or Governors or Deputy Governors assembled at such General Meeting, and forming the Majority thereof, shall be of Opinion that the Number of Men required for any County cannot be conveniently and expedi-tiously raised under the foregoing Provisions of this Act, and that such Men may be more conveniently and expedition fly raised as Recruits are raised, under and by virtue of two Acts passed in the present Session of Parliament, for the more speedy and effectual Enrolment of the Militia of Ireland, and for filling up Vacancies therein, then and in such Calc it shall and may be lawful for such Governor or Governors or Deputy Governors, or the

6 A 3 Majority

9*5

and a Tike Penalty at every succeeding Sessions, till Deficiencies arc filled up.

If any Part of the Quota of any County shall be raised by re-cmiting (fee §3».), Deputy Governors may transrait such Certificates on or before Nov. 5, 1803, to the Clerk of the General Meeting, who shall transmit them to the Clerk of the Peace, to be delivered to the next Quarter Srflions, who shall a fiefs aol. foi every Man deficient on Nov. 5, Sec. Recovery and Application <*t Penalties,

Clerks of Central Meetings shall certify to Chief Secretary Persons claiming Exemption as Seamen, See*

Clerks to General Meeting, Jkc. may be rewarded for their Trouble.

If at the fir# General Meeting*of the Governors or Deputy Governors of any County, five shall be of Opinion that the Men may be more expedi-tiously tailed as

916 C85.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

KecruDs, they may order their Clerk, to transmit iticir Oj>r-nkw in the Clerk of the

and .i Copy to the Chief Sec: e-ur. y to he laid b< fire the Lord J.if utenant and Trivy Council, atul, if approved, ihj Lord Lieutenant may nu-tI»o« i/.e the .1 Volun-teeii, &c.

As soon as such Opinion lus been trans-witted, the.Mectijig.nuy he adjourned, and if at the adjourned Meeting the Authority of the Lord Lieutenant shall not be received, this Act shall be carried into Execution; if it shall be received. Proceedings, other than those so authorized, shall be suspended for six Weeks.

If it shall appear at the End of five Weeks that the Volunteers*shall amount to two Thirds, the Lord Lieutenant raajf authorize a further Suspen-(ion for three Weeks* but if such Authority is not received, or if at the End of the (ix Weeks the whole Number of Volunteers are not enrolled, the Governors, Ate. shall forthwith provide the Men deficient.

Men recruited shall be deemed raised under this Act, and be set down to such Places as the Governors or Deputy Governors shall ap-lie.

Majority of thcro> facing five in Number, as aforesaid and they are hereby authorized and required^ forth with to reduce such Opinion into Writings and to Ggn the fame, and to order the Clerk, of such General Meeting to transmit such Opinion so signed to the Clerk of the Peace of the County for which such General Meeting shall have been held, to be filed among the Records of the County, and also to transmit a Copy thereof to thfe Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to be by him laid before the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, and the Privy Couop cil of Ireland, for their Approbation; and if such Approbation shall be thereupon signified by Order of the Lid Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors o$ Ireland for the Time being* and Council, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by his Order, to authorize and direct such Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, or any five or more of them, to proceed to raise and enrol, without Delay, by Beat of Drum or otherwise, a certain Number of Voluuteers, not exceeding in the Whole the Number required by this Act to be raised in and for such County, such Governor or Governors and Deputy Governors requiring, if they shall think proper fa to do, the Affillance of any Officer or Officers wha{bailor may be sent by his Majesty, or by the Commander of his Majesty's Forces in Ireland, for that Purpose; and such Men £0 raised shall be respectively enrolled before such Governors or Deputy Governors, or any two of .them, for the Service required by this Act, in Manner and according to the Directions herein-before contained with respect to any other Volunteers raised under the preceding Provisions of this Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the Laid Governor or Governors or Deputy Governors, so asserabled at such Meeting, shall have signed such Opinion, and transmitted the Came as herein-be-fore directed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor or Governors or Deputy Governors, to suspend all other Proceedings under this Act, and to adjourn the said General .Meeting for any Tims not Icfs than five nor more than eight Days, of which they are to give Notice to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being; and if at such adjourned Meeting they shall not receive such Approbation, Authority, and Direction, from the said Lord Lieutenant, ot other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland\ for th* Purpose of recruiting, as herein-before mentioned, than they shall proceed to carry this Act into Execution, with its several Provisions, in Manner herein-before required; and if at such adjourned General Meeting they shall receive such Approbation, Authority, and Direction as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for them to suspend for the further Space of six Weeks all Proceedings under this Act, other than such as are authorized and directed by such Order of the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, in Manner and to the Effect herein-before mentioned yK and if it shall appear to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by Certificate of the said Governor or Governors or Deputy Governors, or any two of them, given under their TJands, within five Weeks from the Day of such last adjourned Meeting, that at the Date, of such Certificate the Number of Volunteers so to be enrolled shall amount to two Third-parts of the whole of the Men tea be raised under this Act for such County, and that there is Reafiw to believe that the Remainder may be raised within three Weeks from the Date of such Certificate, then it shall and may be lawful for such Lord. Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by his Order, to authorize and direct such Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, to suspend all Proceedings under this Act (other than such as shall have, been authorized and directed by the said first Order of such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being), for the further Space of three Weeks from the Date of the said Certificate; and it shall be lawful for the Lid Governor or Governors* or Deputy Governors, to suspend all such Proceedings accordingly; and if at the Expiration of the said six Weeks from the Date of such first adjourned Meeting, the said Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, shall not have received such. Order, Authority, and Direction from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to suspend the Proceedings under this Act, in Manner herein-before mentioned, or if at the Expiration of the said three Weeks from the Date of the said Certificate, a Number of Volunteers, equal to the whole Number of Men appointed to be raised for. such County, shall not have been enrolled in Manner herein-before mentioned, then and in either of such Cases, the said Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, shall forthwith proceed-to provide the Number of Men deficient, according to the several Provisions and Directions of this Act, and in like Manner as they should and might have done in case such Orders, Authority, and Directions in Maimer herein-before mentioned, had not been given by the said Lord Lieutenant. or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to raise the Men by the Mod* of recruiting herein-before mentioned.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all* Men so enrolled by Means of recruiting as aforesaid, shall be deemed*and'takep to be Men raised under and by virtue of this Act, as fully and effectually to all intents and Purposes as if they had- beeiv enrolled as Substitutts or Volunteers under this Act; and all such Men shall be set down by the Governor or Governors or Deputy Governors of the respective .Counties in which they shall have been so raised, to the Account of such Subdivisions in such County, and of such Parishes and Places therein as* such Governors or Deputy Governors shall appoint, in like Manner as is provided by the said recited Act of the thirty-fifth Year of*bi8 present Majesty's Reign* in Failure of a Declaration by any Volunteer enrolled for Service in the Militia under and by virtue of that Act; and all the Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Clauses, Mattere, and Things in this Act contained, with, respect to any Subdivisions of Counties, and with respect to any ballotted Men, or Substitutes or Volunteers in their Stead, shall be applied and put in Execution with rdpeft to the Men so raised by recruiting as aforesaid, and enrdled under this ^ft, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Men had been raised under and by virtue of the Provisions in this-. Act contained for providing and enrolling of Men chosen by Ballot, or Substitutes and Volunteers in theixv Stead respectively.

XLLAudf

A.D. 1803.43- GEORGrr UR C. 85. 917

Treasury of Ireland to iftuc Money for defraying the Expence of recruiting Men, not exceeding fever* Guinea* per Man.

Governors, De-

XLI. And be it further raided, That, for the Purpose of defraying' the Expence to be incurred by the Lord Lieutenant raising of such Men by recruiting in Manner aforesaid* it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant may order the

or other Chief Governor or Governors to issue his Orders to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury of ....."

Ireland^ requiring them to advance and issue from Time to Time, to be applied to the said Purposes, any such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors as aforesaid may, by any such Order, direct, and to pay the same, according to the Purport of such Order, either to the said Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, or to-such-Officer or Officers who shall be so sent by his Majesty or by the Commander of his Majesty's Forces in Ireland, for the Purpose of assisting the said Governor or Governors or Deputy Governors as aforesaid, and whole Services shall have been required by such Governor or Governors or Deputy Governors; provided that the Amount of any such Stun or Sums of Money* so to be issued on account of any one County, shall not exceed in the Whole the Rate of seven Guineas for every Volunteer that may be so enrolled in and for such County.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor or Governors or Deputy Governors, and also for the said Officer or Officers so called by the said Governor or Governors or puty Governors* Deputy Governors to their Assistance as aforesaid, to proceed, without Delay, to enlist and enroll, within they enroll County in and for which such Officer shall be called to assist such Governor or Governors or Ikputy Go- ^veftlc^Bbum41 vernors, such and so many Volunteers, being able-bodied Men, and being not less than five Feet and two ?s the Lord*Inches in Height, and not more than forty-five Years of Age, as can b« procured, not exceeding the Number Lieutenant may mentioned in the Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governor* of Iceland i{hied for order.

that Purpose as aforesaid* giving to each Man, by way of Bounty, any such Sum or Sums and in such Proportions and payable at such Time or Times as the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being may, by such Order, direct, not exceedingr in any Case, the Sum of seven Guineas per Man.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for any Officer or Officers7 ive^to^uchVc^-employed as aforesaid, or to or for any other Person or Persons -whatsoever on his or their Behalf, to advancelve ° UC °" or give, or to engage or promise to advance or give, for the Purpose of inducing any Man to enroll hiuiself as a Volunteer under the last mentioned Provisions of this Act, any greater or larger Sum of Money, or any other Largess, Bounty, or Reward, than such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be so ordered by such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governars.of/re&rjJ for the Time being, in Manner aforesaid*

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Governor or Governors or Deputy Governors, and such Officer or Officers so employed as aforesaid, shall respectively keep or cause to be kept true and regular Entries of the Names, Additions, Places of Residence, Parish, and other Descriptiona of all Persons which they shall enroll as aforesaid, and of the several Sums they (halLreCpedively receive for that Purpose, and of the Sums which they shall advance and pay to .such Persons so enrolled respectively, and shall transn^t regular Copies of such Entries to the Office of the Chief Secretary of the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Money necessary to reimburse the several Sums hereby authorized to be paid to Volunteers in Manner last aforesaid, shall be respectively raised within the said Counties and Places in Ireland, in such Manner and Form as is directed in and by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more speedy and effectual Enrolment of the Militiaofi Ireland, and for filling up Vacancies therein; and in and by another Act made in this Session of Parliament, ! to repeal certain Parts of the said lad-recited Act, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof, as fully and-effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Provisions of the said Acts, and each.of them, respecting the raising of the said Money.had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the Wives and Families of Carporals^and Private Men, raised and enrolled to serve under this Act, shall be entitled to such and the like Relief, and .under such and the like '^raJ* and Prl-Circumstances, as may and shall be provided in any Ad to be passed in this Session of Parliament, for providing vates entitled u>*-Relief for the Families of Militia Men in Ireland, .when called out into actual Service; and for that Purpose all Relief as in the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in such Ad contained, Militia.

shall extend ana be construed to extend to the.giving such Relief as aforesaid, as fully and effectually as if the -

fame were herein enacted. J

Act may be altered or repealed this Session, f 47.

I unleers any greater Bounty than shall be ordered by the Lord Lieutenant. Governors, Sec. shall keep Entries of Pei font enrolled, and of Money received and paid, and traalmit Copies to the Chief Secretary's Office. Money to reim- ./ burse the Sums paid to Volunteers shall be raised as under c. 2. & c. 33. of -this Session.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

ADDITIONAL ARMY OF IRELAND.

County of* Subdivision of

CERTIFICATE of Number of Deficiencies; dated the.Diy of

at a Meeting of Deputy Governors for that JPurpose.

' Subdivisions. ' Parishea. Ntimber of Quota.* Numbers, of Men actually serving., Deficiencies to be filled up.

i i \ 1

£* g 1 Deputy Governors.

CAP. -

918

All Contrail for obtaining an Advance of Wage*, altering the Time of working, decreasing the Quantity of Work, Sec. (except between Mailers and Men, ) dull be illegal.

Any Workmen who fhab bo guilty of any such Offence, shall be committed to Gaol or the House of Correction, oil Conviction before two Justices;

as also any who shall enter into any Combination for advancing Wages,

See. or shall endeavour to prevent any Workman from hiring himself, or shall prevail on him to quit his Employ, or shall / hinder any Mailer from employing any Person, or without reasonable Cause shall refuse to work with any other Workman;

and also all Persons who shall attend any Meeting for the Purpose of making any such illegal Contract, or who shall summon, or by Intimidation, Jcc. endeavour to induce any Journeyman to

C. 86. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen, Artificers, Journeymen, and Labourers, in

Ireland \ and for other Purposes relating thereto. [11th July 1803.]

WHEREAS the Laws now in Force in Ireland^ against unlawful Combinations by and amongst ArtiVV ficers, Workmen, Journeymen, and Labourers, have been found to be inadequate to the Suppression thereof; whereby it is become necessary that more effectual Provision should be made against such unlawful Combinations in Ireland, and for preventing such unlawful Practices in future, and for bringing such Offenders to more speedy and exemplary Punishment be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authoriy of the same. That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Contracts, Covenants, and Agreements whatsoever, in Writing or not in Writing, at any Time or Times heretofore made, or entered into, or at any Time or Times hereafter to be made or entered into by or between any Artificers, Journeymen, Manufacturers, Workmen, Labourers, or other Persons in Ireland, for obtaining an Advance of Wages of them, or any of them, or of any other Artificers, Journeymen, Manufacturers, Workmen, Labourers, or other Persons in any Manufacture, Trade, Business, or Occupation, or for lesseningor altering their or any of their usual Hours or Time of working, or for decreasing the Quantity of Work, (Cave and except any Contract made or to be made between any Matter and his Journeyman or Manufacturer, for or on account of the Work or Service of such Journeyman or Manufacturer with whom such Contract may be made, ) or for preventing or hindering any Person or Persons from employing whomsoever he, she, or they shall think proper to employ ia his, her, or their Manufacture, Trade, Business, or Occupation, or for controuling or any Way affecting any Person or Persons carrying on any Manufacture, Trade, or Business, in the Conduct or Management thereof, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be illegal, null, and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Artificer, Journeyman, Workman, Labourer, or other Person in Ireland, shall at any Time after the passing of this Act, make or enter into, or be concerned in the making of or entering into any such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, in Writing or not in Writing, as is herein-before declared to be an illegal Covenant, Contract, or Agreement; and every Artificer, Journeyman, Workman, Labourer, or other Person who after the passing of this Act shall be guilty of any of the said Offences in Ireland, being thereof lawfully convicted before any two Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, within three Calendar Months next after the Offence shall have been committed, shall by Order of such Justices be committed to and confined in the Common Gaol, within their Jurisdiction, for any Time not exceeding six Calendar Months, or at the Discretion of such Justices shall be committed to fostje House of Correction within the same Jurisdiction, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Tirafe not exceeding three Calendar Months.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Artificer, Journeyman, Workman, Labourer, or other Person, who shall at any Time after the passing of this Act, enter into any Combination in Ireland, to obtain an Advance of Wages, or to alter or lessen the Hours or Duration of the Time of working, or to decrease the Quantity of Work, or for any other Purpose contrary to this Act, or who shall by giving Money, or by Persuasion, Solicitation, or Intimidation, or any other Means, wilfully and maliciously endeavour to prevent any unhired or unemployed Artificer, Journeyman, Workman, or Labourer, or any other Person wanting Employment, from hiring himself to any Manufacturer or Tradesman, or Person conducting any Manufacture, Trade, or Business in Ireland, or who shall for the Purpose of obtaining an Advance of Wages, or for any other Purpose contrary to the Provisions of this Act, wilfully and maliciously decoy, persuade, solicit, intimiaate, influence, or prevail, or attempt or endeavour to prevail, on any Artificer, Journeyman, Workman, Labourer, or other Person, hired or employed, or to be hired or employed in any Manufacture, Trade, Business, or Occupation in Ireland, to quit or leave his Work, Service, or Employment, or who shall wilfully and maliciously hinder or prevent or attempt to hinder or prevent any Manufacturer or Tradesman, or other Person, from employing in his or her Manufacture, Trade, or Business, such Artificers, Journeymen, Workmen, Apprentices, Labourers, and other Persons as he or she shall think proper, or who being hired or employed shall without any just or reasonable Cause refuse to work with any other Artificer, Journeyman, Workman, Apprentice, or Labourer, employed or hired to work therein, and who shall be lawfully convicted of any of the said Offences before any two Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Town, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, within three Calendar Months next after the Offence shall have been committed, shall by Order of such Justices be committed to and

confined in the Common Gaol within their Jurisdiction, for any Time not exceeding six Calendar Months, or otherwise be committed to some Hjjufe of Correction within the same Jurisdiction, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months.

IV. 4 And, for the more effectual Suppression of all Combinations'amongst Artificers, Journeymen, Workmen,

Labourers, and other Persons employed in any Manufacture, Trade, Business, or Occupation in Ireland? be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons whomsoever (whether; employed in any fifch Manufacture, Trade, Business, or Occupation, or not) who shall attend any Meetiig had or held for tht Purpose of making or entering into any Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, by this AdJ declared to be illegal,

or of entering into, supporting, maintaining, continuing, or carrying on any Combination for any Purpose by this Act declared to be illegal, or who shall summon, give Notice to, call upon, perfuaae, entice, solicit, or by Intimidation, o)r any other Means, endeavour to induce, any Artificer, Journeyman, \^orkman. Apprentice, Labourer, or other Person employed in any Manufacture, Trade, Business, or Occupation, to attend any such Meeting, or who shall collect, demand, aik, or receive, any Sum of Money from any such Artificer, Journey

2 " man,

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 86.

man, Workman, Apprentice, Labourer, or other Person, for any of the Purposes aforesaid, or who shall persuade, entice, solicit, or by Intimidation, or any other Means, endeavour to induce any such Artificer, Journeyman, Workman, Apprentice, Labourer, or other Person, to enter into or be concerned in any such Coin-bination, or who shall pay any Sum of Money, or make or enter into any Subscription or Contribution, for or towards the Support or Encouragement of any such illegal Meeting or Combination, or shall administer or cause to be administered, any Oath or Declaration to any Manufacturer, Artificer, Journeyman, Apprentice, or Labourer, or to any Person or Persons whomsoever, tending to fix the Price of Wages or Labour or Workmanship, or tending to fix or make any Rule, Order, Agreement, or Regulation, respecting any Trade, Manufacture, or Business, or the Persons employed or to be employed therein, or shall issueor cause to be issued, or deliver or cause to be delivered, any Ticket, Certificate, or Token, (other than and except such Ticket or Certificate as shall or may be delivered by or by the Order of the Corporation whereof such Manufacturer, Artificer, Journeyman, or Labourer, is or shall be a Member, ) to any such Manufacturer, Artificer, Journeyman, or Labourer, of his being licensed to work at his or their respective Trade or Trades, and who shall be lawfully convicted of any of the said Offences, before any two Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Town, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, within three Calendar Months after the Offence shall have been committed, shall, by Order of such Justices, be committed to and confined in the Common Gaol within their Jurisdiction, for any Time not exceeding six Calendar Months, or otherwise be committed to some House of Correction within the same Jurisdiction, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person (whether employed as a Journeyman, Workman, or Labourer, in any Manufacture, Trade, Business, or Occupation, or not) shall at any Time after the passing of this Act wilfully pay or give any Sum of Money or valuable Thing as a Subscription or Contribution for the Purpose of paying the Expences incurred, or to be incurred, by any Person or Persons acting contrary to the Provisions of this Act, or shall by Payment of Money or other Means support or maintain any Journeyman, Workman, Apprentice, Labourer, or other Person, or contribute towards his Support or Maintenance, for the Purpose o/inducing him to refuse to work, or to be hired or employed in any Manufacture, Trade, Business, or Occupation, or for the Purpose of maintaining or supporting any Artificer, Journeyman, Workman, Apprentice, or Labourer, who, having been guilty of any Offence under this Act, shall have been lawfully convicted of the same; and every Person who shall be guilty of any such Offence, shall on Conviction thereof before any two Justices of the Peace of the County, City, Liberty, Town, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, forfeit and lose any Sum not exceeding the Sum often Pounds; and every Journeyman, Workman, Labourer, and every Person who shall collect or receive any Money or valuable Thing, for any of the Purposes aforesaid, shall, on like Conviction, forfeit and lose any Sum not exceeding the like Sum of ten Pounds, according to the Discretion of the Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted; such Penalties respectively to be forfeited, one Moiety to his Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Informer, to be equally divided between them.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Manufacturer, Artificer, Journeyman, Workman, or Labourer, being engaged with any Master, Mistress, or Employer, in Ireland\ shall after such Engagement, and during the Time for which he shall be so engaged, refuse to work, or shall absent himself from the Service of the Person by whom he shall be so employed as aforesaid, during the accustomed Hours of working at such Trade or Occupation as he shall be accustomed to be employed at, or, if hired by the Week, Month, or Year, shall neglect to come to work each and every Day during the said Term, on any Account or Pretext whatsoever, unless prevented by Sickness or some other reasonable Cause, to the Satisfaction of the Justices before whom Complaint shall be made, or shall hinder, prevent, or molest, or attempt to hinder, prevent, or mole ft, any Person or Persons from working at any Business or Occupation on account of the said Persons being Foreigners, Strangers, or Natives of any other Part of the United Kingdom, or of any other County, City, or Place within Ireland, or on any other Account whatsoever, or shall refuse or neglect to work in the Trade or Calling he shall be so engaged for, and in an usual and reasonable Manner, being thereunto required by his Employer, or shall return his Work before the same shall be completely finished without the Consent of the Person or Persons by whom be shall be so employed, unless it be for some reasonable and sufficient Cause to be allowed by two Justices of the Peace, in their respective Jurisdictions, and shall be thereof convicted before any two Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Town, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, it shall be lawful for such Justices of the Peace, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit the Person or Persons so convicted to the Common Gaol, there to be kept without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding six Calendar Months, or otherwise, at the Discretion of such Justices, to some House of Correction within their

iurifdiCtiou, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Calendar lonths.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Mailer Workman in Ireland\ or any Person whatsoever for him, by his Direction, or with his Privity, shall knowingly receive, employ, or entertain any Artificer, Journeyman, Manufacturer, Workman, or Labourer, already employed or retained by another, during the Time such Artificer, Journeyman, Manufacturer, Workman, or Labourer shall be so employed or retained, without Leave of the Person or Persons by whom such Artificer, Journeyman, Manufacturer, Workman, or Labourer, shall be so employed or retained, every such Offender being thereof lawfully convicted before any two Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Town, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not less than five Pounds, nor more than twenty Pounds; one Moiety thereof to be paid to the Person aggrieved, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Trustees of Stevens's Hospital in the City of Dublin*} for the Use of the said Hospital, if the Offence shall

have

9J9

attend such Meeting, or whe shall cvfledt any Money for fuels Purpolts, &c.

Penalty (not exceeding iol.) o» Persons contfi-buting for any Expences incurred foraging contrary lo this Act, or towards supporting any Person to induce him not to work,

r maintaining Offenders; or collecting Money for such Purposes.

Application of Penalties.

Any Workman, who, during his Engagement, shall refuse tm work, or shall absent himself, or shall prevent or molest any Person from working, or (halt return his Wort before completed, shall be committed to Gaol or the House of Correction, on Conviction of two Justices.

Any Master em* ploying a Man retained by another, without his Leave, fh.ili be liable to 1'e-nalty, 5L to 20L

C. 86.

Penalty on Workmen spoil-kig, felling, &c. any Work committed te their Care, and their Accomplices, Double the Value.

Contractors

con side red as Makers.

Penalty on Person who shall permit any Meeting in his House for Purposes contrary to this Arf, 5l. to 20l.

Application of Penalty.

Justices may summon Offenders, and, on their not appearing, may issue Warrants- for apprehending them, and on their appearing, or on Proof of their abscond -ing/may hear and determine the Matter of Complaint, and if Penalties are not forthwith paid, may commit the Parties to Gaol or the House of Cor-redhon.

No Mailer shall act as a Justice as to hL own Trade.

Justices may i'ummon Witnesses, and for Non-appear-

43- GEORGII nr. A.D. I So 3.

have been committed: fa the County orrin the County t)f tTie City of DubTirr, and to such publick Charity withia the County, City, or Place in which the Offence shall have been committed, as the said Justices (half direct, in -any Case where {he said Offence shall have been committed out of the County, or the County of the City of Dublin.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Artificer, Workman, or Servant, hired, retained, or employed in Ireland, in any Trade or Manufacture, shall wilfully damnify, spoil, destroy, fell, exchange, or otherwise dispose against or without the Consent of the Owner or Owners, any of the Goods, Wares, or Work, or Materials for Work, committed to his Care or Charge, or wherewith he shall be entrusted, every such Offender and his Accomplices, being thereof lawfully convicted before ^ny two Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Town, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, shall severally forfeit and pay Double the Value of such Goods, Wares, or Work so damnified* spoiled, or destroyed* to the Owner or Owners thereof respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Undertakers or Contractors for Work in Ireland\ shall be considered as Masters in respect to all Matters and Things contained in this Act, fe> far a3 relates to the Journeymen* Artificers, Workmen, and Labourers employed by them.

X. And be it Further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in Ireland shall, after the passing of this Act* knowingly permit any Persons whatsoever to assemble and meet together in his, her* or their House or Apartments, for the Purpose of unlawfully regulating the Concerns of Trade, or the Rates of Wages, or Prices of Work, of for any other Purpose contrary to any of the Provisions of this Act, every such Person or Persons shall, upon Conviction thereof before any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, or Place wherein such Person or Persons shall be resident, forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not less than five Pounds nor more than twenty Pounds; one Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Trustees of Stevens's Hospital in Dublin, for the Use of the said Hospital, if the Offence shall have been committed in the County, or in the County of the City of Dublin^ and to such publick Charity within the County, City, Town, or Place, within which the Offence shall have been committed, a* the said Justices shall direct, where the said Offence shall have been committed out of the County, or the County of the City of Dublin.

XI. 4 And, for the more effectually enforcing and carrying into Execution- the Provisions oT this Act, ' be it further enacted, That on Complaint and Information on Oath, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, of any Offence having been committed against this Act, within the respective Jurisdictions of such Justices, such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to summon the Person or Persons charged with being an Offender or Offenders against this Act, to appear before any two Justices for the County, City, Town, or Place, within which the Offence shall have Been committed, at a certain Time and Place to be specified; and if any Person or Persons so fommoned shall not appear according to such Summons, then (Proof on Oath having been first made before them of the due Service of such Summons upon such Person or Persons by delivering the same to him or them personally, or leaving the same at his or their usual Place of Abode; provided the same shall be so left twenty-four Hours at the least before the Time which shall be appointed to appear before the said Justices upon such Summons, and provided also that such Summons shall* in the Case Iaft mentioned, be delivered into the Hands of Some Person above the Age of sixteen Years, then resident in the usual Place of such Person or Persons) such two Justices shall make and issue their Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Person or Persons so summoned and not appearing as aforesaid, and for bringing him- or them before mch Justices.; and upon the Person or Persons complained against appearing upon such Summons, or being brought by virtue of such Warrant or Warrants before such Justices, or upon Proof on Oath of such Person or Persons Abfcoading, so that such Warrant or Warrant^ cannot be executed, then such two Justices shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, forthwith to make Enquiry touching the Matters complained of, and to examine into the same by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Person or Persons and to hear and determine the Matter of every such Complaint; and upon Confession by the Party, or Proof by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath either of such Justices is hereby authorized and empowered to ad mini ster in such Case, and in all other Cases where an Oath k to be taken'before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of this Act), to eonvidl or acquit the Tarty or Parties against whom Complaint shall have been made as aforesaid, and to give Sentence for the Forfeiture or Penalty incurred under and by virtue of this Act p and in case such Forfeiture or Penalty shall not be forthwith paid pursuant to such Conviction and Sentence, such two Justices shall and may, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, commit the Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol within their Jurisdiction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding six Calendar Months, nor less than two Calendar Months, unless such Forfeiture or Penalty, or Wages, shall be sooner paid or satisfied, or otherwise at the Discretion of such Justices, te some House of Gorredlion within their Jurisdiction, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, unless such Forfeiture, or Penalty, or Wages, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XII. Provided Always, and be it further enacted, That no Justice of the Peace, being also a Mailer in any particular TrAde, Manufacture, or Occupation, in or concerning which any Offence is charged to have been committed under this Act, shall act as such Justice under this Act; any Thing herein contained, or any former Statute, Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any such Complaint or Information shall be made as aforesaid, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and.required, at the Request of any of the Parties, to issue his or their Summons to any Witness or Witnesses.

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 86.

921

nesses, to appear and give Evidence before such Justice or Justices, at the Time and Place appointed for hearing and determining such Complaint, and which Time and Place shall be specified in such Summons; and If any Person or Persons so summoned to appear as a Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid, shall not appear before such Justice or Justices at the Time and Place specified in such Summons, or offer some reasonable Excuse for the Default, or appearing according to such Summons shall not submit to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, and give his or their Evidence before such Justice or Justices touching the Matter of such Complaint, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they is and are hereby authorized (Proof on Oath in the Case of any Person not appearing according to such Summons having been first made before such Justice or Justices of the due Service of such Summons on every such' Person, by delivering the same to him or her, or by, leaving the same twenty-four Hours before the Time appointed, for such rerson to appear before such Justice or Justices, at the usual Place of Abode of such Person) by Warrant under the Hand or Hands of such Justice or Justices, to commit such Person or Persons so making Default in appearing, or appearing and refusing to give Evidence, to some Prison within the Jurisdiction of such Justice or Justices, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until such Person or Persons shall submit himself, herself, or themselves to be examined, and give his, her, or their Evidence before such Justice or Justices as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Informer or Prosecutor shall in every Case under this Act be deemed a competent Witness to prove the Offence charged; and that all and every Person and Persons who shall or may offend against this Act shall and may, equally with all other Persons, be called upon and compelled to give his or her Testimony and Evidence as a Witness or Witnesses on Behalf of his Majesty, or of the Prosecutor or Informer, upon any Information to be made or exhibited under this Act, against any other Person or Persons not being such Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid; and that in all such Cases every Person having offended against this Act, and having given his or her Testimony or Evidence as aforesaid, shall be and hereby is indemnified of, from, and against any Information to be laid, or Prosecution to be commenced against him, her, or them, for having offended in the Matter wherein or relative to which he, she, or they shall have given Testimony or Evidence as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Justices before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, or by whom any Person or Persons shall be committed to Prison fur not appearing as a Witness, or not submitting to be examined, (b ill cause all such Convictions, and the Wairai.is or Orders for such Commitment, to be drawn up in the Form or to ti c EfF-ft set forth in the Schedule to this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Justices before v h any such Conviction shall be had, shall cause the same (drawn up in the Form or to the Effect herein-before directed) to be fairly written on Parchment, and transmitted to the next General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions of the "Pe-ce to be hoMcn for the County, City, Town, or Place wherein such Con vision was had, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the said General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, convicted of any Offence or Offences punishable by this Act, shall think himself or herself aggrieved by the Judgement of the Justices before whom he or she shall have been convicted, such Person shall have Liberty to appeal from every such Conviction to the next Court of General Sessions, or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the County, City, Town, or Place wherein such Offence was committed; and that the Execution of every Judgement so appealed from shall be suspended, in case the Person so convicted shall, with two sufficient Sureties, immediately enter before such Justices into a Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the penal Sum of Double the Amount of the Penalty so incurred or forfeited; or in case such Conviction shall contain a Judgement of Imprisonment, such Appellant shall immediately enter into a Recognizance before such Justices, himself it! the Penalty of twenty Pounds, with two sufficient Sureties in the Penalty of ten Pounds each, (which Bond or Recognizance respectively such Justices are hereby authorized and required to take; ) and such Bond or Recognizance shall be conditioned to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to be forthcoming to abide the Judgement and Determination of the said next General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions, and to pay such Costs as the said Court shall award on such Occasion; and the Justices in the said next Court of General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Appeal, an3 to award such Costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either Party; which Decision shall be final between the Parties, to all Intents and Purposes, and no Writ of Certiorari, or other Writ or Process shall be allowed for Removal of such Proceedings into any of his Majesty's superior Courts of Record; and if upon hearing the said Appeal, the Judgement bt the Justices, before whom the Appellant shall have been convicted, shall be affirmed, such Appellant shall forthwith pay the Forfeiture or Penalty (if any) mentioned in such Conviction, and the Costs awarded to be paid by such Appellant; and in Default of Payment thereof, or in case such Conviction shall contain a Judgement of Imprisonment, such Appellant shall immediately be committed by the said Court to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, according to such Conviction, and for the Space of Time therein mentioned, without Bail or Mainprize, and also until the Payment of such Costs as shall be awarded by the same Court to be paid by such Appellant.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, take away, or abridge the Powers and Authorities now by Law given to any Court, or to any Justice or Justices of the Peace in Ireland, touching any Combination.3 of Artificers, Manufacturers, Journeymen, Workmen, or Labourers, or for settling and adjusting the Rate or Amount of Wages to be paid to such Journeymen, Workmen, or other Persons, or the Mode or Time of their working or being employed, or the Quantity of Work to be done, or touching any Matter whatsoever also provided for by this Act; out that all

43G10.III. 6 B such

anceor Refusal 10give Evidence may commit them.

Informers shall be deemed competent Witnesses; and Offenders may be compelled to give Evidence against others, and, having given such Evidence, fh 1 f e indemn.h' G for ium-v; riV'ided.

CVnvu't' n' in all be im tin rii m in the Schedule.

Con vi&hns shall be nanlmitted to the Quarter Sessions to be bled.

Appeal may be made to the QuarterSefCons, and Judgement suspended on Security being given.

Decision of 1!<e Quarter Scfli-m* tnuL

Costs on Appellant.

Act not to abridge the Powers now given by Law to any Court or to Justices touching Combinations of Workmen, &c.

922

But Persons shall not suffer double Punish-mens.

Jr[fh Acts,

39 G. 3. c. 48. 4° G. 3. c. 64.

C. 86, 87. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

such Courts and Justices shall and may continue to use, exercise, and execute all the Powers and Authorities-given to them in and by any Law or Statute or any of them now in Force in Ireland, in such and the same Manner as they could or might have done if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, That no Person convicted of any Offence against this Act, and who shall suffer for the same accordingly, shall beotherwise punirtied or suffer for such Offence by Authority of any other Law now in Force in Ireland.

u Limitation of Actions for Matters done under this Act, three Months. — Venue in the County. — Generali €t Issue.1 — Treble CofU, §20* Penalties shall be paid in Irish Currency, §21."

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

To wit.

FORM of CONVICTION and COMMITMENT.

1 OE it remembered. That on the Day of in the

3 Year of his Majesty's Reign, and in the Year of our Lord A. B\ is

convicted before us {naming the Justices\y two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County {or City, Liberty, Town, or Place] of of having {Jlating the Offence] contrary to the

Statute made in the forty-third Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, {herejlate the Title of this Act]; and we the said Justices do hereby order and adjudge the said A.B. for the said Offence-to be committed to and confined in the Common Gaol for the said County {or City, Liberty, Town, or Place] for the Space of {or to be committed to the House of Correction] at

within the said County' {or City, Liberty, Town, or Place] there to be kept to* hard Labour for the Space of Given under our Hands the Day and Year above written.

FORM of CONVICTION in a PECUNIARY PENALTY.

DE it remembered, That on

Title of this Act]; and we the said Justices do hereby Offence to forfeit and lose the Sum of under {as before]

{pursuing the same Form as far as to the End of the adjudge and determine the said A.B. for the said to be distributed as the said Act directs. Giver*

FORM of COMMITMENT of a Person summoned as a WITNESS.

WHEREAS C.D. hath been duly summoned to appear and give Evidence before us {naming the Justicea who issued the Summons]* two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County {or City, Liberty* Town, or Place] of on this Day of at

being the Time and Place appointed for hearing and determining the Complaint made on the Oath of {the Informer or Prosecutor] before us, against A.B. of having {Jlating the Offence as laid in the Information] Contrary to the Statute made in the forty-third Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, {here insert the Title of this Act]: And whereas the said C.D. hath not appeared before us at the Time and Place aforesaid specified for that Purpose, or offered any reasonable. Excuse for his {or her} Default, {or, And whereas the said C.D. having appeared before us at the Time and Place aforesaid specified for that Purpose, hath not submitted to be examined as a Witness, and give his {or her] Evidence before us, touching the Matter of the said Complaint, but hath refused so to do]: Therefore.we the said Justices do hereby, in pursuance of the said Statute, commit the said C.D. to the {describing the Prison], thereto remain, without Bailor Mainprize, for his [or her] Contempt aforesaid, until he [or (he] shall submit hiraself [or herself] to be examined and give his [or her] Evidence before us, touching the Matter of the said Complaint, or shall otherwise be discharged by the due Course of Law; and you [the Constable* or other Peace Officer or Officers to whom the Warrant is directed] are hereby authorized and required to take into your Custody the Body of the said C.D. and him [or her] safely to convey to the said Prison, and him [or her} there to deliver to the Gaoler or Keeper thereof, who is hereby authorized and required to receive into his Custody the Body of the said C.D. and him [or her] safely to detain and keep, pursuant to# this Commitment. Given under.our Hands this Day of io the Year of our Lord.

[Thi^ Commitment to be directed to the proper Peace Officer, and the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison.]

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act to continue, during the Restriction on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland, and to amend an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to restrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum; and also an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to continue and amend the said Act.

tilth July 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to refrain the Negotiation of Proniffory Notes and Inland Bius of Exchange under a limited Sum: And whereas an Act was made i u the Parliament of Ireland fin the fortieth Year

- < of

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

C. 8y> 88.

of his present Majesty's Reign, to continue and amend the said recited Act of the thirty-ninth Year aforesaid

Ard whereas it is expedient to continue and amend the said recited Acts be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said two recited Acts (except so far only as the same are altered by this present Act) shall be and continue in Force during the Continuance of this Act, as herein after mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Promissory or other Notes, or Undertakings in Writing, being negotiable or transferable for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money less than the Sum of five Guineas, or on which any Sum less than five Guineas shall remain undischarged, which shall be made or issued in Ireland at any Time from and after the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, shall be, and the same ar* hereby declartd to be absolutely void and of no Effect; any Thing in the said recited Acts or this Act, or either of them, or any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof in anywise not-wwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, during the Continuance of this Act, any Person who shall issue, publish, or negotiate any Promissory or other Note, or Lender-taking in Writing, being negotiable or transferable, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, shall forfeit the Sum often Pounds Irish Currency; and if any Person shall, after the said first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, during the Continuance of this Act, give or take in Payment any such Promissory or other Note, or Undertaking in Writing, every such Person shall, for every Note or Undertaking in Writing so given or received in Payment as aforesaid, forfeit Double the Value of the said Note or Undertaking; and that the said Penalties shall and may be recovered in the same Manner as any Penalties may be recovered under the said recited Act of the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Inland Bill of Exchange, Bank Post Bill, or Draught in Writing, for any Sum not less than three Guineas, which shall or may be issued after the said first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, under or by virtue of the said recited Act of the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign; subject nevertheless to the Regulations and Restrictions in the said recited Act mentioned and contained.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts and this Act shall be and continue in Force so long as the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland are or shall be restrained from paying their Promissory Notes or Bills of Exchange in Cash.

923

Recited AAs (except a* hereby altered) continued. Promissory or other Notes for n Itfs Sum than five Guineas, issued in Ireland after Jan. r, 1804, shall be void.

Penally ou Person s issuing, &c. such Notes.

Exception a? to Inland Rills of Exchange, Bank Post Bills f<c. for any Sum not less than three Guineas; and as to the Bank of Ireland. Continuance of Act.

CAP. LXXXVin.

An Act for defraying, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, the Charge of the ray and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace. X1 ith Jub I°3*1

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay and'€ Clothing of the Militia in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland\ for one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, ' be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for every County, County of a City or Town in Ireland, where the Militia is or shall be raised, the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in Ireland shall issue and pay out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland the whole Sums required, in the Manner and for the several Uses herein after mentioned; (that is to say, ) For the Pay of the said Militia, for four Calendar Months in Advance, at the Rate of six Shillings a Day for £kch Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed; and at the Rate of one Shilling and Sixpence a Day for each Serjeant, resident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, with the Addition of two Shillings and Sixpence a Week for each Serjeant Major and Quarter Master Serjeant, where a Serjeant Major and Quarter Master Serjeant are appointed; and at the Rate of one Shilling a Day for each Drummer so resident as aforesaid, with the Addition of Sixpence a Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum Major is appointed; and at the Rate of one Shilling and Two-pence a Day for each Corporal so resident as aforesaid; and also at the Rate of Four-pence a Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment and Battalion of Militia; one Penny whereof shall be applied for defraying the Hospital Expences of each Regiment or Battalion, during the Time of the Men's being from Home upon account of their annual Exercise; and also for Half a Yeau-'s Salary for the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia belonging to such County, or County of a City or Town, at the Rate of fifty Pounds a Year; and also for the Clothing of the Militia for such County, after the Rate of three Pounds and ten Shillings for each Serjeant, and two Pounds for each Drummer, with the Addition of one Pound for each Serjeant Major and each Drum Major, and at the Rate of two Pounds for each Corporal, when such Serjeants, Drummers, Serjeant Majors, Drum Majors, and Corporals, have not been clothed within two Years; and, with respect to the Private Militia Men, at the Rate of ooe Pound twelve Shillings for each Private Militia Man.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, shall be absent on Furlough or Licence, such Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, mail, during such Absence, receive the Rates of

6 B 2 Pay

The Irish Tiea-finy shall issue four Months' Pay in Advance for each County, &c. where Militia is raiftd. Rates of Pay.

Allowances for

Contingencies.

Salary to the Clerk.

Clothing,

Rates of Pay when oc Furlough.

924

The Money granted for Pay shall be paid to the Agtnt or Clerk yf the Regiment, on Production of hit "Warrant of Appointment.

Second and third Payments of four Months* Pay in Advance, &c. shall be made by the Treasury.

Agent shall pay one Month's Pay in Advance to the Adjutant; and to the Captains two Months* Pay for the Serjeants, ice.

Captain shall account yearly.

and pay back

Surplus.

On Certificate of Discharge of Serjeants, Sec. jio Pay shall be ifiucd for them.

C. 88. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Pay following* that is to say, every Serjeant the Sum of one Shilling, every Corporal Eight-pence, and every Drummer the Sum of Sixpence per Day respectively, and no more.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money granted for the Pay of the Militia of Ireland as aforesaid, shall, where the Militia has never been embodied, be paid by the said Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in Ireland into the Hands of the Agent or Agents, or the Clerk or Clerks of the Regiment or separate Battalion of Militia belonging to such County, County of a City or Town, upon his or their producing his or their Warrant or Warrants of Appointment to such Officer, under the Hand and Seal of the Colonel, or, where there is no Colonel, under the Hand and Seal of the Commanding Officer of such Regiment or Battalion of Militia for such County, or County of a City or Town; and where the Militia has been embo-died, all such Money shall be in like Manner paid into the Hands of such Agent or Agents, Clerk or Clerks, notwithstanding such Militia shall have been disembodied, according to the Number of Persons hereby entitled to receive Pay, of which such Regiment or Regiments, Battalion or Battalions shall have been or shall be legally appointed to consist.

IV4 And be it further enacted, That the said Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in Ireland shall also, within fourteen Days after the Expiration of the third Calendar Month from the Time of such first Payment of the said Pay in Advance, make a second Payment for four Calendar Months in Advance; and shall also, within fourteen Days after the Expiration of three Calendar Months from the Time of such second Payment, make a third Payment for four Calendar Months in Advance, for the Pay and contingent Ijxpences of the said Militia, and for the Allowances to the Regimental or Battalion Clerk or Clerks, as aforesaid, in the Proportions herein-before mentioned; and the Receipts of such. Agent or Agents, Clerk or Clerks, shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Ireland, for the several Sums of Money so by him or them paid.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Agent or Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of the Militia of Ireland shall forthwith, after the Receipt of such Sums of Money as aforesaid, pay or cause to be paid, one Calendar Month's Pay in Advance to the Adjutant of such Regiment or Battalion respectively; and to the Captain or Officer commanding each Company belonging to such Regiment or Battalion, two Months' Pay in Advance for the Serjeants, Drummers, and Corporals; and also to the Officer commanding the Company to which the Seijeapt Major and Drum Major shall belong, two Months* Pay in Advance for such Serjeant Major and Drum Major; and so from Time to Time, as long as any Money on that Account shall remain in his Hands; which Pay every such Captain or Officer commanding is hereby required to distribute to each Person belonging to his Company, by this Act entitled to receive the same, as it shall become due; and such Captain or Officer commanding shall, once in every Year, give in to the Agent or Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion to which such Company shall belong, an Account of the several Payments he shall have made in pursuance of this Act, according to the following Form

County of

Dr.

d.

To Cash received of Mr.

Regimental or Battalion Clerk, for Two Months' Pay in Advance,

i

Per Contra,

Cr.

as

Paid Serjeant for

Days' full Pay [or on Furlough; the Case may be-\y from the Day of to the

Day of following

Ditto as Serjeant-major (if one in the" said Company) — — J

Paid Serjeant.for

Days' full Pay [or on Furlough, as the Case may £<?], from the Day of to the of

following — — — j

Paid Drummer Days,

at from the of

to the of following

Ditto as Drum-major (if one in the said 1 Company) — — — J

Days,

Days,

4

Paid Drummer

from the of to the

of following —

Paid Corporal

from the of to the

of following —

And shall pav back to the said Agent or Clerk the Surplus (if any) of the Money by him from Time to Time received, and then remaining in his Hands.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Commanding Officer of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall certify, in Writing, to the Agent or Clerk of the same, that he hath discharged any Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, in such Case no Pay shall be issued for such Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, until another be duly appointed*

A.D. 1803.

43 GEORGII III.

C. 88.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Agent or Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia in Ireland, out of the Money hereby directed to he issued and paid to him for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment or Battalion, shall yearly and every Year pay to the Colonel or Officer commanding such Regiment or Battalion, one Penny a Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the Hospital Expences of each respective Company of such Regiment or Battalion, during the Time of the Men'* being absent from Home upon account of their annual Exercise; and shall, from Time to Time, issue out and pay such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Repair of Arms, and the Carriage and Removal thereof, upon an Order in Writing, signed by the Colonel or Officer commanding such Regiment or Battalion; and after Payment of such Sums a3 shall be ordered to be paid by such Colonel or Commanding Officer as aforesaid, he shall yearly and every Year make up an Account of all such Money, and the Expenditure thereof, and of the Balance remaining in his Hands, which said Balance shall form a Stock Purse for the Use of the Regiment, and he shall transmit such Account to the Colonel or Commanding Officer of such Regiment or Battalion, to be by him examined, allowed, and signed; and the Account so allowed and signed shall be, and is hereby directed to be, the proper Voucher and Acquittal of such Agent or Clerk for the Application and Disposal of such Money.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Regiment or Battalion Clerk may and shall retain to his Own Use out of the Money so by him received, such further Sums as shall complete the Allowance herein-before made for his Salary.

IX. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, at a General Meeting to be held for any County, County of a City, or Town in Ireland, shall have fixed the Days of Exercise for the Militia, the Colonel or Commanding Officer shall, as soon as may be, certify the same to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, specifying the Number of Men, and the Number of Days such Men are to be absent from Home on account of such Exercise, not exceeding in the Whole twenty-eight Days; and the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in Ireland are hereby required, within fourteen Days after the Receipt of such Certificate, to inue and pay out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, to the Agents or Clerks of the several Regiments or Battalions, at the Rate of ten Shillings fer Day for the Captain of each Company, and at the Rate of five Shillings and eight Pence per Day for each Lieutenant, and of four Shillings and eight Pence per Day for each Enugn, and also at the Rate of one Shilling per Day for each Private Militia Man who shall have been chosen by Ballot to be trained and exercised, for the Number of Days such Officers and Men shall be absent from Home on account of such Exercise, and also at the Rate of one Shilling per Day for each Private Militia Man who shall attend at the Place of annual Exercise, but who shall not have been so chosen by Ballot, to be trained and exercised for any Number of Days, not exceeding five* during which such Men shall be absent from Home on Account of their Attendance at such Place of annual Exercise; and the said Regimental or Battalion Agents or Clerks are hereby required forthwith to pay to each Captain of the said Regiments or Battalions the Proportion of Pay belonging to each Captain, and likewise the Pay belonging to their respective Companies.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Captain of each Company shall make up an Account of all Monies received and paid by him on account of such Exercise, according to the following Form:

County of

Dr.

To Cash received of the 1

Regimental or Battalion Agent or' Clerk, for Days Pay of,

Men — — j

d.

Per Coniray

Cr.

By my Pay as Captain -

Paid Lieutenant -

Paid Ensign -

Paid Militia Men Days

Paid Militia Men Days!

for their Attendance at the Place of Exercise. — — — J

J.

Which Account shall be signed by the said Captain, and countersigned by the Commanding Officer; and such Captain shall, within ten Days after the Time such Exercise shall be finished, deliver such Account, and pay the Balance (if there be any due), to the Regimental or Battalion Agent or Clerk; and such Accounts shall be allowed as sufficient Vouchers by the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in Ireland\

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Regiment or Battalion of Militia is or shall be embodied, or called out into actual Service, and thereby the Officers and Private Militia Men are or shall be entitled to the same Pay as the Officers and Private Men in his Majesty's other Regiments of Foot, all Pay as aforesaid, whether to the Adjutants, Serjeants, Private Militia Men, or others, and all Money allowed as aforesaid for the contingent Expences of such Regiment or Battalion of Militia, and also the Allowances to the Agent or Clerk of such Regiment or Battalion, shall, during such Time of actual Service, and until such Regiment or Battalion shall be disembodied and return Home, cease and not be paid.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Agent or Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia in Ireland, shall give Security to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, by a Bond to his Majesty in the Penalty of one Half of the Sum required for the whole Year's Charge of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia to which such Agent or Clerk shall belong, for duly answering and paying such Sums as he shall from Time to Time have received, and for duly accounting for the fame, and for Performance of the Trad hereby in him reposed; which said Bond shall be lodged in the Hands of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, who, in case the said Regimental or Battalion Agent or Clerk shall not duly perform the Conditions comprized in the said Bond, fliaB, and they are hereby required, forth-

x with

9-5

A^ent shall pay the Colonel id. per Month Or e u h Private and Di unrvrr for del'j.'V.ng Hof-pii.tl sixpence*, and also Money so: the Repair of An See.

Clerk retain his b.daiy.

When the Days of Exercise are fixed, and (with the Number of Men) aie certi-fir d by the Colonel to the Trealu-y, Pay, after the Rates specified, shall be issued to the Agent, &c.

Captains shall make up .Account ot Receipts and Payments on account of Exercise.

While Militia is embodied, Pay and Allowance ftuli cease.

Agent or Clerk shall give Secu-. ri: y to the Trea-lury by Bond.

Agent or Clerk {h ill deliver t j Tieafuiv Account of Receipts and Dif-iurfements, and pay Balances.

Recovery of Pena't.ts and Cods.

No Fee payable for an) Warrant.

Persons on Half-Pay, or entitled to Allowance as having served in the Horse Guards, &c. serving in the Militin, may receive the same on taking the following Oath.

Treasury, on receiving a Warrant from the C'lonel, certifying the Receipt of the Clothtrg, &c. shall issue Money for the Payment.

His Majesty or the Loid Lieutenant may for-hid the ratfing of Militia in any County.

Nan-commis-stuned Oihcers and Diummen shall at all Times be subject to the Mutiny Act, and to Courts Martial, though the Regiment is not embodied.

Cjlonel, &c. may order Officers within five Miles of the Place to attend a Coui t* Martial.

C. 88.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

with to put the said Bond in Suit in the Name of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, the full Cosh and Charges of which Suit, in case Judgement fl ail be given against such. Regimental or Battalion Agent or Clerk, shall be paid by him to the said Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in Ireland.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Agent or Clerk of every Regiment or Battalion of Militia is every County, County of a City or Town in Ireland, shall, between the twenty-fifth Day of March and the twenty fourth Day offenc One thousand eight hundred and four, deliver to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, a fair Account in Writing of all Monies by him received and disbursed for the Service of the said Militia for the preceding Year in pursuance of this Act, with proper Vouchers for the fame, and shall pay to the said Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in Ireland any Surplus of such Monies which shall then be in his Hands.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Penalties and Costs and Charges of Suit, and all Sums of Money to or for which any Person or Persons is or are by this Act made answerable or liable, shall be paid in Irish Currency, and shall and may be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, \yherein no Essoign, Wager of Law, or Protection, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Fee or Gratuity whatsoever, shall be given or paid for or upon account of any Warrant or Sum of Money which shall be issued in relation to or in pursuance of this Act.

XVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That any Person being on Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance as having served in any or either of the two Troops of Horse Guards, or Regiment of Horse, reduced and serving in the Militia, shall and may, and he is hereby empowered, to receive and take the Subsistence Money by this Act directed to be paid to Captains, Lieutenants, or Ensigns; and the receiving and taking such Subsistence Money by any such Captain, Lieutenant, or Ensign, shall not be deemed a receiving or taking Pay, so as in any Manner to prevent such Person on Half Pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Half Pay, or such Allowance; and such Person shall take the following Oath before some Justice of the Peace, who is hereby empowered to administer the same

T A* B. do swear, That I had not between the and the

A any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half

Pay as a reduced in late Regiment of

or Allowance as in late Troop of Horse Guards or

c Regiment of Horse reduced, save and except my Subsistence as a Captain, Lieutenant, or Ensign, £as the ' Ca/e may be, "] for serving in the Militia of the County of

So help me GOD.

And taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his Half Pay or the said Allowance, without taking any other Oath; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, as soon as they shall receive*a Warrant under the Hand of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the respective Regiments or Battalions of the Militia of Ireland. Certifying the Receipt of t1 e Clothing, which Certificate shall specify the Number of Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, and Private Men for w hom the same shall have been supplied, and an Order from the said Colonel or Commanding Officer for Money due on account thereof, payable to the Person or Persons who furnittied the said Clothing, shall pay the Sum mentioned in such Order to the Person entitled to receive the same, provided the said Clothing shall not exceed the Allowance herein-before directed; and such Warrant and Order, together with the Receipt of the Person receiving the said Money, shall be a sufficient Voucher to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in Ireland for such Payment.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall be deemed inexpedient by his Majesty or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland in Council, to raise, embody, or continue the Militia in any County or Counties in Ireland, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, or for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors for the Time being, by and whth the Advice of the Privy Council of Ireland, to forbid the raising or embodying of the Militia of such County or Counties, and to (lay all Proceedings therein for such Time a*shall be deemed expedient.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major, and Drummer of the Militia of Ireland, shall at all Times be subject to any Ad which shall be in Fore: ? for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and fur the better IJayment of the Army and their Quarters, and to the Articles of War, under the Command of the Colonel or other Commandant or the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which they respectively belong; and it shall be lawful for the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia to direct the holding of Courts Martial as herein after directed for the Trial of any Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major, or Drummer of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, by either a General or Regimental Court Martial, for any Offence against the said Act or Articles of War, committed during the Time such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps shall hot be embodied; but so that no Punishment shall extend to the Loss of Life or Limb.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Colonel or other Commandant, and in his Absence for the Senior Field Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which the Person on whom such Court Martial is to be held shall belong, to order such Officers of the Militia of the County, Riding, or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps shall belong, actually resident within the Town where such Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major, or Drummer is to be tried, or within five Miles thereof, to attend and assist as Members of such Court Martial, who shall thereupon attend at the Time required, and assist accordingly

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 88.

cordinglybut no Officer shall be entitled to receive Pay for any such Attendance: Provided always, that no Sentence of any Court Martial, held as aforesaid, on any Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major, or Drummer, shall be put in Execution until it shall have been confirmed by the Colonel or other Commandant, or by the Field Office^by whose Order such Court Martial was assembled.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That any Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer of the Militia may, by Sentence

of a Court Martial, be reduced to the Condition of a Private Militia Man, to ftrve as such during any Time pot exceeding fifteen Months, in case the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which he belongs shall not be then embodied or called out into actual Service; and in case the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which he belongs shall be then embodied, or called out into actual Service, to serve as aforesaid, until the disembodying of the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps; after which Time, or at the End of the said fifteen Months, as the Case m^y be, if not regularly re-appointed to the RankTof a Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer, he shall be discharged from the Service. r

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing and other Stores, belonging to every Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia in Ireland, when not embodied, shall be kept infome convenient House or Place in the County Town, or in some other Town within the County, which Town the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being shall direct; and it shall be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors to order and direct a convenient'and proper Place for that Purpose to be provided or built in the County Town, or such other Town as shall be so appointed, if such convenient and proper Place cannot otherwise be found or procured therein; and the Hire or Cod of such House or Place shall be defrayed by the County, and the necessary Sum for that Purpose shall be raised by Presentment of the Grand Jury of the said County, and which Presentment the Grand Jury of the County is hereby authorized and required to pass on a Certificate signed by the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, and specifying the Cod incurred or to be incurred in building such House or Place, or the Rent agreed to be paid for the lame; which Certificate shall be transmitted by such Chief Secretary to the Clerk of the Crown for such County at any Time prior to the fird Day of the Assizes for such County, or if in the County or County of the City of Dublin, then prior to the fird Day of the presenting Term: Provided, 'that in no Case any greater Rent than forty Pounds Irijk Currency shall be presented by such Grand Jury for the annual Rent of such Place, nor a greater Sum than two hundred Pounds Irish Currency shall be required for building such House: Provided also, that the Grand Juries of such Counties shall be entitled to purchase Ground for building and erecting such House in the same Manner as they are now by Law entitled to purchase Grounds for building County Gaols.

XXIII. 4 And whereas, before the passing of this Act, several Houses and Places have been taken and provided, by the Order of the Lord Lieutenant, for keeping the said Arms and Stores, in several Counties in Ireland, and no Provision has yet been made for defraying the Expenses thereof; be it enacted, That the several Grand Juries, «at the next Assizes after the passing of this Act, or within the County of Dublin and the County of the City of Dublin at the next presenting Term after the passing of this Act, shall present a Sum of Money not exceeding in any County the Sum of forty Pounds Irish Currency, for defraying the Rent and Expence of £iich Houses and Places as have been so provided and taken as aforesaid; which laid Sum shall be raised and paid by the several Treasurers of the respective bounties in Ireland to the different Commanding Officers of the Militia of the said Counties, to be by them applied for the Purposes aforesaid.

XXIV. 4 And whereas Persons appointed to Act as Adjutants in the Militia may, by Age or Infirmity, be rendered incapable of doing the Duty thereof, and it is expedient that some Provision should be made for them in Consideration of their former Services; be it enacted, That if any Adjutant of Militia, who shall have served faithfully either in his Majesty's Regular Forces, or in the Militia, for the full Term of thirty Years in the Whole, fifteen of which he shall have served as an Adjutant of Militia, shall, by Age or Infirmity, be rendered unfit for further Service, he shall, on producing to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in Ireland a Certificate of such Service of thirty Years as aforesaid from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, be entitled to receive, and the said Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in Ireland shall be and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to such Person producing such Certificate as aforesaid an Allowance at the Rate of six Shillings per Dum: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall have served for a less Term than fifteen Years in the Militia, or who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment or Battalion shall cease and determine, during the Continuance of this Act, the Sum of three Shillings per Diem shall be paid to such Person as has actually served as Adjutant to such Regiment or Battalion, from the Time such Regiment or Battalion shall cease to the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four.

XXVI. 4 And whereas it is expedient to make some Addition to the Pay of certain Subaltern Officers of 4 th^ Militia Forces of Ireland during Peace, under certain Regulations, be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the disembodying of the Militia Forces in Ireland, certain annual Allowances, over and above the Pay to which during Peace they are now entitled, shall for the future be allowed and paid to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia, of the Descriptions, to the Amount, under the Restrictions, and in the Manner herein after expressed; (that is to say, ) to every Subaltern of the said MHitia, who shall have at any Time previous to the Expiration of four Month* from the passing of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making Allowances, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, in certain Cases, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia if Ireland during Peace, been appointed to a Commission in the said Militia, or who, previous to the Expiration of four Months from the passing of this Act, shall be appointed to a Commission, and who is now serving and shall continue, or who shall have continued faithfully to iervcio the same Corps, until the disembodying thereof, the following annual Allowances, over and above*

the

927

Sentence shall be confirmed by Colonel.

Non-commis-fined Officers or Piummers may be rtducid to the Ranks for fifteen Months.

Arms, ice of the Militia, when no! embodied, shall be kept in the County Town, or where Lord I ieJtenar.t shall direct-, &c. Expenrcsef ILufc* lor such Purpose shall be raised by the Coumici.

Expence of Houses already provide shall be raised by the Counties.

Adjutants, after 30 Years' Service '{is thereof as Adjutants of Milui.t), shall be entitled to receive an Allowance of 6s. per Day.

If any Regiment shall cease, an Allowance shall be made the Adjutant to March 25, 1804. Certaip annual Allowances shall bej made to Subaltern Officers after disembodying ol Mil ilia.

928

Exceptions,

Subalterns claiming Allowances shall take the following

Oath*

Justices Hull transmit Oaths to Colleilur of Excise.

Subalterns shall attend the annua] Exercise, on Pain of forfeiting the Allowance and tnejr Pay. Certificates of such Attend* ance shall be transmitted by Commanding Officer to the Collector of Excise of the District.

On Leave of Absence, the Reason must be inserted in the Certificate, which must also be fen» to the Chief Secretary.

Though Militia be not called out to annual Exercise, the Subalterns still to be entitled to Allowance.

C. 88. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

the Pay to which they may be by Law entitled during Peace, shall be allowed and paid over and above any Deduction of any Kind, or for any Purpose whatsoever; (that is to say, ) to a Lieutenant twenty-five Pounds per Annum, and to an Ensign twenty Pounds per Annum, in the Manner herein after mentioned.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who is or shall at any Time here* after become possessed of such an Estate or Income, as would by Law entitle him to hold a Captain's Cora-mission in the Militia of a County at large in Ireland, or who is or shall be at any Time hereafter "appointed Adjutant or Battalion Clerk in any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, nor any Person deriving in any Way whatsoever, otherwise than as a Subaltern of the said Militia, any Income, Stipend, or Allowance whatsoever from the Publick, nor any Officer on the Full or Half Pay ok the Navy, Army, or Marines, who shall also hold a Subaltern's Commission in the said Militia, shall have or be in anywise entitled to the said annual Allowance, or any Part or Share thereof; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Ireland, who shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive either of the said annual Allowances, shall, previous to receiving the fame, and in order to entitle themselves thereto, annually take and subscribe an Oath before some one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, or County of a City, or County of a Town in Ireland, to which such Regiment or Battalion in which they serve shall belong, in the Words or to the Effect following 5 ( videlicet, )

I A.B. do swear, That I am serving as a Subaltern Officer in the Regiment or

1 JL Battalion of the Militia of Ireland, and that I am not in my own Right, or in Right of my Wife,

nor have been since the disembodying of the said Regiment or Battalion in the actual Possession and Enjoy-

mentor Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of such an annual i Value above Reprizes, as would qualify me to hold a Captain's Commission in the Militia of a County at

large in Ireland; that I am not, nor have been, since the disembodying of the said Regiment or Battalion,

an Adjutant or Battalion Clerk in any Regiment or Battalion of the Militia of Ireland; that I do not hold

or enjoy, nor have held or enjoyed, nor does nor has any Person for me hold or enjoy, or held or enjoyed, since ' the disembodying the said Regiment or Battalion, any Office or Income whatsoever from the Publick; and

that I am not entitled either to the Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Army, or Marines, nor have been since

1 the disembodying of the said Regiment or Battalion. So help me God.'

Which Oath, so taken and subscribed, shall be by the said Justice forthwith certified and transmitted, and he is hereby required to certify and transmit the same to the Collector of Excise of the District in which the County, County of a City, or County of a Town shall be situate, to which such Regiment or Battalion of Militia in which such Subaltern Officer shall be then serving shall belong, to be by him filed and preferred for the Purposes herein after mentioned.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Subaltern Officer of the said Militia who shall be entitled or claim to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall regularly attend the annual Exercise and trainings of the Re-

?' ment or Battalion to which he belongs, during the Whole of the twenty-eight Days by Law required for that urpose, and shall, during that Time, punctually do and perform his Duty as a Subaltern Officer of such Regiment or Battalion, on Pam of forfeiting the said annual Allowance, as well as the Rest of his Pay, and every Part thereof which may be due for the current Year, in which he shall neglect or refuse to attend; and Certificates of his having so attended and performed his Duty, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion to which he may belong, shall be transmitted by the said Commanding Officer to the Collector of Excise of the District in which the County, County of a City, or County of a Town is situate, to which such Regiment or Battalion in which such Subaltern Officer is then serving shall belong, to be by the said Collector received previous to any such Subaltern Officer being entitled to demand or receive the said annual Allowance, or any Part thereof; and in case any such Subaltern Officer, claiming to be entitled to such annual Allowance, shall be by his Commanding Officer permitted or suffered, for any special Cause or unavoidable Necessity, to be absent during the Whole or any Part of such annual Exercise, fin which Case it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer to grant such Leave of Absence, and for such Subaltern Officer who may be so permitted to be absent, to demand and receive the said annual Allowance, and every Part thereof, in like manner as if he had attended during the Whole of the annual Exercise, ) the Reasons for such Absence, as well as the Duration thereof, shall be carefully and truly specified in the Certificates before mentioned, signed by the Commanding Officer, to be by him transmitted as soon as conveniently may be to the Collector of Excise for the District in which such County, County of a City, or County of a Town to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong is situate, and to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, after the disembodying thereof, at any Time shall not be called out for the aVmual Exercise and Training thereof, every Subaltern Officer belonging to any such Regiment or Battalion, and coming within the Descriptions of this Act, who shall have taken the Oath herein-before. mentioned, before any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the said annual Allowance, as if such Subaltern Officer had regularly attend d the annual Exercise and Training of such Regiment or Battalion during the Whole of the twenty-eight Days by Law required for that Purpose, and as if a Certificate of such Attendance, signed by the Commanding Officer of such Regiment or Battalion had been transmitted to the Collector of Excise for the District in which such County, County of a City, or County of a Town to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong is situate, according to the Directions of this Act; any Thing contained in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1803.43° GEORGII III. C. 88, 89. 929

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That upon such Certificate as aforesaid of such Justices of the Peace and Commanding Officer as aforesaid, or where any Regiment or Battalion shall not have been called out to

Aheir annual Exercise as aforesaid, upon Certificate of any such Justice of Peace only being produced to or received by the respective Collectora, it shall and may be lawful for such Collectora, and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to the said Subaltern Officers, according to their respective Commissions of Lieutenant or Ensign, the annual Allowance above mentioned, in Addition to their Pay, without any Deduction whatsoever, out of any publick Monies in their Hands; all which Monies so paid by such Collectors shall be allowed them in their Accounts 5 the Certificates before mentioned to be by them preserved and produced as Vouchers for the Payments from Time to Time made by them in pursuance of this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers of the said Militia, entitled or claiming tobc entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall at all Times be liable to serve in the respective Regiments or Battalions to which they belong, whenever the same shall be embodied, or called out upon actual Service; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to attend when called upon, or in case any such Subaltern Officer shall a second Time uegle& or refuse to attend, and perform his Duty at the annual Exercise as before directed, each and every such Subaltern Officer shall forfeit his and their Claim to the said annual Allowance, and every Part thereof, in all Time to come, and shall also be considered as having resigned and vacated his and their Coixunififion and Com-.millions to all Intents and Purposes whatever.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several annual Allowances shall be paid to the Persons respectively entitled thereto, by the Collectore, upon the Production of the before-mentioned several Certificates, as loon after the Times of the annual Exercise and Training as maybe convenient or practicable: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any Subaltern Officer entitled to the Benefit of this Act, from receiving the Pay allowed by Law for his Attendance at.fuefy annual Exercise as before mentioned, over and above the said Annual Allowance: Provided also, that nothing hi this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to entitle any Subaltern Officer as aforesaid to the said annual Allowance, or any Part thereof, during the Time the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs shall be embodied or called out on actual Service: Provided also, that this Act, and the Benefits and Allowanqes therein contained,

shall not extend or be construed to extend, to more than ten Lieutenants in any Regiment containing more than ten Companies; to more than nine Lieutenants in any Regiment containing more than eight and less than eleven Companies; to more than eight Lieutenants in any Regiment or Battalion containing .more than fix and less than nine Companies; to more than five Lieutenants in any Regiment or Battalion confiding of fix or of a Iffs Number of Companies.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case in any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia* at the Time of disembodying thereof, there shall happen* to be a greater Number of Lieutenants, coming within the Description of this Act, than can be entitled to claim the Benefits thereof, within the true Intent and Meaning of the foregoing Proviso, the Senior Lieutenants of such Number shall always be preferred, and shall be alone entitled to demand and receive the before-mentioned Allowances, and that the Junior Lieutenants shall fucked to such Allowances in Rotation as Vacancies may happen among the said Senior Lieutenants from Time to Time.

Continuance of Act 25th March 1804. — Act may be altered this Session, §35."

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for providing Relief for the Families of Militia Men in Scotland\ when called out into actual Service.

[1 ith July 1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide Relief for the Families of the Non-commissioned Officers, DrumW mere, and Privates of the Militia of Scotland\ when embodied and called out into actual Service, so long as Provision shall continue to be made for the Families of such Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Privates of the Militia of England; 9 be it therefore enacted by the King's tnoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person serving or enrolled in the Militia of Scotland as a Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer, or as a ballotted Man or Substitute, hired Man, or Volunted* fe-spectively, shall, when embodied and called out into actual Service, leave a Family unable to support themselves, the Family of every such Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, ballotted Man, Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer respectively, shall receive, in the Manner herein after directed, a weekly Allowance according to the ' usual and ordinary Price of Labour in Husbandry within the County, Stewartry, Division, District, Parish, or Place where such Family shall dwell, by the following Rule; that is to say, a Sum equal to but not exceeding the Price of one Day's such Labour for each and every Child born in Wedlock, and under the Age of ten Years,

and for the Wife of such Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, ballotted Man, Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, whether he shall or shall not have any Child or Children, a Sum equal to but not exceeding the Price of one Day's such Labour.

4i The Justices in any General Quarter Sessions may regulate the Rate of Allowance, §2. [As Justices in u England may under 43 G* 3. c. 47. §3. at the Michaelmas Sessions,] — No Allowance shall be made till the

Man has joined his Corps, nor longer than he shall remain in actual Service, nor to any Wife who shall follow u the Corps, or leave her Child, or depart from her Home, unless under Certificate of a Justice or of the Minisler u of the Parish for obtaining Work, &c. $ 3. [See §4. of ±3 G.3* r.47.] — Nor to the Family of any Substitute, " hired Man, or Volunteer who shall marry after being called out without Consent of the Commanding Officer " certifiedprevioui to the Marriage, §4. [See f 7. of 43 G. 3. c. 47.]"

V. And be it further enacted, That the Wives and Children of Militia Men entitled to Relief under this Act, shall, in the first Instance, obtain a Certificate of their.Inability to .maintain themselves, and the Causes: 43 Geo. III. 6 C thereof.

Allowances shall

he paid without Deductions.

Subaltern? not attending when called upon shall forfeit their Claims.

Allowances shall be paid by Collectors on Production of Certificates i

but not to be paid while the Militia is embodied.

Allowances (Hall extend only lu certain K umber.

Senior Lieutenants shall have the Preference, and the Junior succeed on Vacancies,

The Families ef

Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, or Private Militia-Men in Scotland, called out into actual Service, shall rtf* ceive a weekly Allowance.

Families te Obtain Certificates of their I&abdity

to maintain themselvcf, before entitled to Relief.

On Production of such Certificate to a Just ice, he shall order a weekly Allowance to be paid.

Surh Order and Certificate shall be transmitted to the Clerk of Commissioners of Supply of the County, itc. who shall transmit the same to the Collector of (life Eels, on Penalty of 5l. Collector of the Cess shall pay monthly an Allowance te the Treasurer of the Kirk Session of each Pariii.

Treasurer shall pay Allowances on an Order from the Minis-terof the Parish, which, with the Receipts of the Pei suns to whom paid, shall be transmitted to the Clerk of the Commissioners of Supply.

Quarter SefTmns may grant Allowances to Treasurers for their Trouble.

ChmmHGoners of Supply shall make Afteflf-ments on Lands and Houses, to replace Monies advanced by Collectors of the Eels.

Houses not rated to House Tax. exempted.

Ho Per Con shall heaflsfteU far

thereof, from the Minister of the Parish in which they rclide, who shall sign the fame, together with one Heritor or one respectable Person occupying Land, and paying the Rent of not left than twenty Pounds per <Annumt or in Cities or Towns Corporate from the Minister and one of the Magistrates thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Production of such Certificate to a Justice of the Peace, such Justice shall, if he be satisfied therewith, make an Order for the Payment of a weekly Allowance, according to the usual and ordinary Price of Labour in Husbandry within such County or Stewartry, Division or Place* where such Family shall dwell, by the following Rule; that is to say, a Sum equal to but not exceeding the Price of one Day's such Labour, as ascertained by the Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions of such County or Stewartry, in the Manner herein directed, for each and every Child horn in Wedlock, and under the Age of ten Years; and for the Wife of such Militia Man, whether he shall or shall not have any Child or Children, a Sum equal to but not exceeding the Price of one Day's such Labour so ascertained.

VII. And be it further enacted, That such Order so made, with such Certificate annexed thereto, shall be transmitted by the Justice of the Peace making the same, to the Clerk of the Commissioners of Supply of the County or Stewartry, City or Place, in which such Wife or Family shall dwell, who shall record the fame, and shall transmit the original Order and Certificate to the Collector of the Cess for such County or Stewartry, City or Place; and any Clerk of the Commissioners failing or neglecting, for the Space of six Days after the Receipt of such Order and Certificate, to record and transmit the same in the Manner herein directed, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds for each Neglect, to be recovered with double Costs of Suit, in the same Manner that any Penalty against Commissioners of Supply is herein directed to be recovered, one Half of which Penalty to be applied to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Half to be paid to the Person or Persons suing for the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Collector of the Cess* and he is hereby authorised and required to remit or pay, out of such publick Monies as may be in his Hands, to the Treasurer of the Kirk Session of each Parish, at least once in every Month, a Sum fumcient to satisfy and pay the Amount of such Orders for Relief so transmitted to such Collector; and any Collector failing or neglecting to remit such Sum, in the Manner herein directed, shall forfeit and pay'a Sum equal to twice the Amount thereof, to be recovered with double Costs of Suit, by a summary Complaint to be made to the Sheriff or Stewart depute of the County or Stewartry, by any Person or Persons, one Half of which Penalty shall be paid to the Kirk Treasurer, to make good the Sum which ought to have been remitted to him by such Collector, and the other Half to be paid to the Person or Persons filing for the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer of the Kirk Session, to whom such Sum shall be remitted, shall give a Receipt for the fame, and pay such weekly Allowances to Persons entitled to receive the same, upon an Order in Writing from the Minister of the Parish, which Order, with the Receipts of the Persons to whom the same shall be paid, shall be sufficient Vouchers for the Payment of such Allowances, and such Vouchers shall be transmitted once in every six Months at the least to the Clerk of the Commissioners of Supply, to be by him deposited and kept; and any Treasurer of the Kirk Session, who shall refiife or delay to pay such weekly Allowances in the Manner herein oire&ed, shall forfeit and pay a Sum equ^l to twice the Amotyit of each Sum so refused or delayed to be paid, to be recovered in a summary Manner, with double Costs of Suit, upon Complaint made to any Justice of the Peace of the County or Stewartry in which such Treasurer resides, by the Person or Persons to whom the same ought to have been paid, one Half of which Penalty to be applied to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Half to be paid to the Person or Persons filing for the fame. A

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, assembled at the Quarter Sessions for any County, Stewartry, Division, or Place, and they are hereby empowered to grant an Allowance to such Treasurer of the Kirk Session for his Trouble in paying and keeping the Accounts of such Di(burfement8, not exceeding Two-pence in the Pound of the Money paid by him; and the said Justices so assembled, shall be and they are hereby further empowered to allow a Sum equal to the necessary Expences incurred by such Treasurer of the Kirk Session, in discharging the Duties hereby required of him, which Allowances shall be paid by the Collector of the County upon the Order of such Justices, and such Order shall be transmitted by such Collector to the Clerk of the Commissioners of Supply of his County or Stewartry, who shall include the Sum specified therein* in the Amount of the Assessment directed to be made pursuant to this Act: Provided always, that no such Allowance shall be granted to any such Treasurer, who shall fail or omit to transmit the Vouchers of his Payments to the Clerk of the Commissioners of Supply, in Manner herein-directed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That, in order to replace such Monies so advanced by the Collector of the Cess of each County or Stewartry, the Commissioners of Supply of such County or Stewartry shall, at their annual Meeting at which they assemble to assess the Land Tax in every Year, make an Assessment to an Amount equal to the Monies so advanced by the Collector of the Cess, in the following Manner; that is to say, upon Land, according to the valued Rent of the same, and upon Houses according to the Rent or yearly Value £et on such Houses by the latest Assessment of the House Tax, and in the following Proportions; videlicet, for every such Assessment to the Amount of one Shilling Sterling upon one hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, an Assessment shall be laid upon the Rent or yearly Value of Houses so ascertained, at the Rate of one Penny Sterling in the Pound of such Rent or yearly Value, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Sum.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Assessment shall be laid upon any House which shall not be rated for the House Tax.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be assessed in respect of his, her, or their House or Houses, and also in respect of his, her, or their Lands in the same County or Stewartry;

but

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 89.

but it shall be in the Power of the said Commissioners to lay such Assessment upon such Person or Persons, either in respect of such House or Houses, or of such Lands, as to such Commissioniers shall seem calculated to produce the highest Assessment.

XIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That for all Sums so assessed upon Land, the Proprietor shall have Relief against the Tenant or Occupier thereof for one Half of such Assessment; and every such Assessment upon Houses shall be paid by the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, and every Tenant or Tenants shall be entitled to deduct from his, her, or their Rent, one Half of every such Assessment so paid by such Tenant or Tenants.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if the Sums levied pursuant to such Assessment, shall be under the Amount remitted by any Collector in any one Year, in the manner directed by this Act, a Sum equal to such Deficiency shall be added to the Amount, for which an Assessment shall be made in Terms of this Act, in the following Year; and if the Sums so levied pursuant to any such Assessment, shall exceed the Amount of the Sums remitted by any Collector in any one Year, in the Manner herein directed, a Sum equal to such Excess may be deducted from the Amount of the Assessment to be made in the following Year.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in the Cities of Edinburgh and G/aJgonv, the Magistrates thereof shall and they are hereby authorized to levy from the Heritors, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of such City, their Proportion of the Assessment to be made pursuant to this Act, to raise the Sum necessary to afford the Relief hereby provided to the Wives and Families of the Militia serving for the said Cities, in such Manner and in the same Proportions as the Cess, Stent, and other publick Burthens and Contributions are in Use by Law to be assessed and levied in the said Cities.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in the two Cities aforesaid, all Certificates and Orders for Relief shall be transmitted from the Parishes within the same to the Town Clerk of the said Cities respectively, who shall, and he is hereby required to do all Matters and Things directed by this Act to be done by the Clerk to the Commissioners of Supply, in any County or Stewartry.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Collector as aforesaid, who shall transmit to the Treasurer of Kirk Session, in Manner herein directed. Money to pay such weekly Allowance to the Family of any Notv-commissioned Officer or Drummer, or any Private Militia Man, serving in the Militia of any other County, Stewartry, or Division, shall deliver or transmit an Account of such Money as he shall have so transmitted' as aforesaid, signed by one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Stewartry, City, or Place where such Family shall dwell, to the Collector of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, in the Militia whereof such Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or Private Militia Man shall serve; and thereupon the Collector to whom such an Account shall have been delivered or transmitted as aforesaid, shall and he is hereby required forthwith to pay to the Collector, who shall have so delivered or transmitted such Account, the Sum or Sums specified therein; and such Collector so receiving or entitled to receive the Sams specified in such Account, shall transmit an Account thereof to the Clerk of the Commissioners of Supply of hii County or Stewartry; and the Collector, paying the Sums specified in such Account, shall in the like Manner transmit an Account thereof to the Clerk of the Commissioners of Supply of his County or Stewartry; and the Commissioners of Supply of such Counties and Stewartries respectively are hereby directed to add to or deduct from the Assessments to be made in Terms of this Act, the Amount of such Sums according as their Collector shall pay or receive the same respectively.

The Adjutant, life, of every Corps shall make monthly Returns to the Clerks of the Commissioners of Supply " of the Vacancies happening therein, and how occasioned; who shall transmit Extracts to the respective Treasurers of the Kirk Session, §19.

[6Ve §25. of 43 G. 3. c. 47.]"

XX. And be it enacted, That each Collector of the Land Tax, remitting and paying Money as directed by this Act, shall, on or before the first Day of April in every Year, transmit to the Lord Chief Baron,

- and other Barons of his Majesty's Exchequer in Scotland, an Account of all the Money so remitted and paid by him, and of all the Money levied by him pursuant to any Assessment made in Terms of this Act, for 4he Year preceding the Date of such Account; and the Clerk of Supply of each and every County, Stewartry, City, and Place, transmitting Orders and Certificates to any Collector of the Cess, is hereby required, within fourteen Days after the annual Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply, at which they assemble to assess the Land Tax in every Year, to certify to his Majesty's Attorney in Exchequer in Scotland, what Proceedings have been had at such Meeting in relation to making the Assessments directed to be made by this Act; and in case any Commissioners of Supply shall omit, neglect, or rest?*' to proceed to make the Assessments according to the Directions of this Act, then the Clerk of Supply' uch Stewartry, City, or Place, shall, and he is hereby required, within fourteen Days after the Meeting at which such Assessment ought to have been made, to certify to his Majesty's Attorney in Exchequer in Scotland such Neglect, Omission, or Refusal of such Commissioners, and the Names of such Commissioners who shall be present at such Meeting, and his Majesty's Attorney in Exchequer is hereby required, on Receipt of such Certificate, forthwith to proceed, by all such legal Ways and Means as shall be most effectual and expeditious, to compel such Commissioners to pay due Obedience to this Act, and to cause such Assessment to be made, and the Money raised, collected, and paid.

XXI. And be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Substitute shall be received for any ballotted Mau in the Militia of Scotland, which Substitute shall have more than two lawful Children born in Wedlock at the Time he shall be produced to be enrolled, in Terms of an Act, passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An \AS to raise and establish a Militia Force in Scotland, and that no Allowance under this Act shall be ordered or paid to the Family of any Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, to be enrolled after the passing of this Act, who shall, at the Time of his Enrolment, have more than two lawful Children born in Wedlock, or who shall have fraudulently and falsely represented and declared

6 C 2 that

93l

both Housemnd Landin the fame* Cou my.

One Half of AOcftinent fluU be paid by the Tenant*.

Deficiencies shall be mad* good, &c.

H*w Affeflfmert shall be levied in Edinburgh and Glaf&ovr.

In those Cities Certificates atod Orders for Relief (had be trans-mirted to the TowivCIerk. Collector* pajp ing Money to the Treasurer shall transmit an Account thereof to the Collector of the County.

Account of the Money levied and paid by the Collector of the Land Tax shall be sent to the Karon* of the Exchequer, &c. and Proceeding* shall be certified to the King's Attorney in Exchequer.

No Subilitnte shall be received having more than two Children, nor shall any Allowance l e made to the Family of any Substitute, &c.

932 C. 89 — 9T<

43 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

hereafter enrolled, who shall have more than twe Children, or fl\all make a false Declaration of his Family, &c.

"Whomay be appointed De» putyLieutenants for Bute and Sutherland, under 41 G. 3* c. 91.

3* G. 3. c. 57. 1$ 5, 6-3 4*G. 3. c. 18; t§4]

Ships fitted out, and licensed onformably to the first-recited Act, and failing 10 the eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, for carrying on the Fishing, may fail to the Limits herein speci-hed. [See as to

Limits specified in failing to the westward of Cape Horn, &c. [See 42. G.3.

77-3

that he had no Wife at the Time of his Enrolment, or who ffaall hare fraudulently and falsely tepresentetf and declared, at the Time of such Enrolment, that he had only two Children-: Provided always, that where the Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, who shall have made such false Declaration as aforesaid, shall undertake and make Provision for the Maintenance of his other Children, to the Satisfaction of any Justice of the Peace to whom any Application shall be made under this Act for the Relief of such Children, it shall be lawful for such Justice to order the Allowance under this Act, to be paid in respect of the Wife of such Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer* and of two Children of such Family under the Age of ten Years.

XXII. 4 And whereas Persons possessed of the Qualification required by the said recited Act of the forty* second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, capnot be found to act as Deputy Lieutenants in the*Counties of Bute and Sutherland be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lieutenant of each of the said Counties, to appoint the Sheriffs Depute of the said Counties, or their Substitutes respectively, or any Person who shall be seised and possessed of a real Estate of the yearly Value of one hundred Pounds Sterling, or who shall be possessed of personal Estate alone, or seised or possessed of a real and personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of two thousand Pounds Sterling; and if Persons possessed of the above Qualification cannot be found, then it shall and may be lawful for the Lieutenants of the said Counties* with the Approbation of his Majesty, to appoint the Magistrates of Royal Burghs, or of Burghs of Regality or Barony, utuated within the said Counties respectively, or Justices in the Commission of the Peace for the said Counties, to be Deputy Lieutenants of the said Counties respectively, (the Names of such Person or Persons having been first presented to and approved by his Majesty, to be Deputy Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants of the said Counties respectively).

M Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §23.'*

CAP. XC.

An Act for enlarging the Limits of the Southern Whale Fishery. [11th July 1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient further to encourage the Southern Whale Fisheries, by extending the Limits prescribed in two Acts of Parliament; one passed in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further encouraging the Southern Whale Fisheries, the other, passed in the forty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in, and for enlarging the Limits of, the Southern Whale Fishery; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for any Ship or Vessel fitted and clearing out, and licensed conformably to the said first-mentionea Act, and failing or passing to the eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, for the Purpose of carrying on the Fishery, and having passed beyond fifty-one Degrees or East Longitude from London, to fail or pass to the northward as far as ten Degrees of Southern Latitude, but not farther northward, until (he shall have failed or passed to the eastward of one hundred and fifteen Degrees of East Longitude; and having passed beyond one hundred and fifteen Degrees of East Longitude from London, to fail or pass to the northward as far as one Degree of Northern Latitude, but no farther to the northward, until such Ship or Vessel shall have failed or passed to the eastward of one hundred and eighty Degrees of East Longitude from London; any Thing in the said Acts, or any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding. licence, 42 G. 3. c. 77.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Ship or Vessel fitted and clearing out, and licensed conformably to the said first-mentioned Act, and failing orpafEng to the welt ward of Cape Horn, or through the Streight* of Magellan, for the Purpose of carrying on the Fishery, and having passed beyond one hundred and eighty Degrees of West Longitude from London, to fail or pass to the northward as far as ten Degrees Southern Latitude, but not farther, until (he shall have failed or passed within fifty-one Degrees of East Longitude from London; any Thing in the said Acts, or any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XCI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raisedby Lotteries.

[11th July 1803.]

[This is similar, mutatis mutandis, to the Lottery A3, 42 (?. 3. c. 54. The Particulars of Variation will be gathered from the following Notes."]

11 Sum to be raised 1, 052, 3331. 6s. 8d. by three Lotteries to consist of 80, 000 Tickets at 13L 3s. id. each, § r. " — 233, 333b 69. 8d. may be retained towards Payment of the fortunate Tickets, and 117, 4441. 8s. 1 id. applied u to the Services of Ireland, §3. — 700, 0001. shall be divided into Prizes, and paid out of the Supplies granted " this Session, §4. Books for the first Lottery shall be prepared with two Columns, on each of which 24, 000 " Tickets shall be printed. — Value of 6144 fortunate Tickets, viz. one of 20, 000l. two of 10, 000l. one of $occ\ u eight of ioeol. twelve of 500l. thirty of 100l. forty of 56l. six thousand and fifty of 2©1. and also first-drawa 41 Tickets, on seventh Day 20, ooool. last Day 5000l. (total Prizes 210, ooool.) §9. First Lottery to begin drawing on September 5, 1803, $ io. Penalty on forging Tickets, under this or any former Act, Felony without u Clergy, $11. The 700, 0001. for the Payment of the Prizes charged on any Supplies granted this tl Session, and shall be paid to the Proprietors, without any Deduction, within two Months after the Conclusion of the Drawing, &c., $'19. Licences to Lottery-Office Keepers under this Act shall continue in Force till " June 1, 1804, §29.. — Managers and Directors of the Lottery may, with the Approbation of the Treasury,

2 postpone

fC postpone the Drawing of the first Lottery for one Month, and may also appoint the Number of Tickets in the second and third Lotteries, and the Number and Value of the fortunate Tickets, iffc. the Time and Place of " drawing, and give Notice thereof in the London Gazette, provided that the last Lottery shall be drawn before M 1st June 1804, §55."

CAP. XCII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on the Importation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, into, and on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize exported from Ireland, and also certain Duties of Excise on Spirits and Malt distilled and made in Ireland.

[13th July 1803.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences, and for the Support of your Majesty's Government, have freely and voluntarily re-

solved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional Duties herein after mentioned and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fourteenth Day of July, One thousand eight hundred and three, there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in ready Money net, an additional Impost or Duty after the Rate of ten Pounds on every one hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duties of Cudoms Inwards, and Import Excise, which shall be due and payable in Ireland to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in Force in Ireland, immediately before the passing of this Act, and which shall be collected for and upon any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into Ireland\ (except as herein after is excepted) 5 which laid additional Impod or Duty of ten Pounds shall be paid upon the Grofa Amount of the said Duties, without any Discount or Allowance to be made therefrom.

u Goods not entered, or on which Duty is not paid or secured before July 14, although imported previous to u that Day, shall be charged with Duty, §2."

III. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to charge with the aforesaid additional Duty hereby granted the following Articles, or any of them; that is to say,

Bullion, or foreign Coin of Gold or Silver.

Fresh Fish taken and imported in Ships or Vessels of the Built of the United Kingdom, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law.

Turbotsand Lobsters, however taken or imported.

Corn or Grain.

Flax, rough or undressed.

Linseed, or Flax Seed.

Hemp, or Tow of Hemp.

Hemp Seed.

Iron unwrought.

Allies of all Kinds, including Barilla.

Smalts.

Salt.

Saltpetre.

Oak Bark.

Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Nutmegs; and Furs and Skins of the Produce of and imported from any 2?r/-tish Colony or Plantation in America.

Sheep's Wool.

Spanish Wool.

Raw Linen Yarn made of Flax.

Tobacco.

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, imported directly from thence into Ireland.

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imported into Ireland, having been imported into Great Britain from Hudson's Bay by the Hudson's Bay Company,

Articles of Provision, which are or shall be permitted to be entered and landed in Ireland without Payment of any Duty, by virtue and under the Authority of any Order or Orders of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland in Council.

" Goods bonded and warehoused before July 14, shall not be liable to Duty, unlef* taken out for Home Consumption, §4."

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the fourteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, the Duties payable on Salt Petre imported into Ireland, under and by virtue of any Act or Acts in Force in Ireland immediately before the said fourteenth Day of July, shall cease and determine; and that, from and after the said fourteenth Day of July, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Duty of Three-pence for and upon every Hundred Weight of Salt Petre which shall be imported into Ireland$ and so in Proportion for any greater or lese Quantity.

935

From July 14, 1803, ail additional Duty of 10l. per Cent, imposed on the Amount of the Duties now payable onCuitoma inwards, and Import Excise.

Exemption of certain Articles from the additional Duty.

Former Duty oil Saltpetre imported repealed, and a Duty of 3d. per cwt» imposed.

Former Duties on Silk Manufacture* imported into Ireland from Great Britain (fee 39* 40 G. 3. C. 67. Sched.'B.), shall cease, and the following Duties shall be paid.

Former Duties on refined Sugars imported

into Ireland from Great Britain (fee 39, 40 G. 3. c. 67. Sheri B, 41 G. 3.

U.K.) 33.

4.). shall

ce »fe, and the

following Duties shall be paid.

Additional Duties on Exportation

A further additional Duty of 9d. per Gallon to he paid on Single Spirits imported, and Qi in Proportion to their Strength.

C. 92. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fourteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, the several Duties now payable on Manufactures of Silk, mixed or unmixed with any other Material, being the Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, shall cease and determine; and that, from and after the said fourteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, there shall be granted, raised, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, for and upon all Manufactures of Silk, mixed or unmixed with any other Material, being of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported directly from thence into Ireland, the several and respective Duties following; that is to say,

For and upon all Ribbons and Stuffs of Silk only, a Duty of two Shillings and Sixpence Halfpenny for every Pound Weight thereof, containing sixteen Ounces

For and upon all Silk and Ribbons of Silk mixed with Gold or Silver, a Duty of three Shillings and Four-pence for every Pound Weight thereof, containing sixteen Ounces:

For and upon all Silk Stockings, Silk Gloves, Silk Fringe, Silk Laces, Stitching and Sewing Silk, a Duty of one Shilling and Sixpence Farthing for every Pound Weight thereof, containing sixteen Ounces:

For and upon all Manufactures of Silk, not otherwise enumerated or described, a Duty of two Shillings and one Halfpenny for every Pound Weight thereof, containing sixteen Ounces:

For and upon all Stuffs of Silk and Grogram Yam, a Duty of Seven-pence Farthing for every Pound Weight thereof, containing sixteen ounces

For and upon all Stuffs of Silk mixed with lade or Cotton, a Duty of Ten-pence three Farthings for cveiy Pound Weight thereof, containing sixteen Ounces:

For and upon all Stuffs of Silk and Worded mixed, a Duty of Five-pence for every Pound Weight thereof, containing sixteen Ounces

For and upon all Stuffs of Silk mixed with any other Material, a Duty of Seven-pence and seven Eighths of a Penny for every Pound Weight thereof, containing sixteen Ounces; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity of the said Silks:

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fourteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, the several Duties now payable on Refined Sugar, being the Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, shall cease and determine; and that, from and after the said fourteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, there shall be granted, raised, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, for and upon all Refined Sugars of the Manufacture of Great Britain, which shall be imported directly from thence into Ireland, the several and respective Duties following; that is to say.

For and upon all Sugars called Bastards, White or Ground, a Duty of one Pound three Shillings and Ten-pence for every Hundred Weight thereof, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds

For and upon all Sugar called Lumps, a Duty of two Pounds four Shillings and Eight-pence Halfpenny for every Hundred Weight thereof, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds:

For and upon all Sugar called Single Loaf Sugar, a Duty of two Pounds seven Shillings and Eight-pence for every Hundred Weight thereof, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds

For and upon all Sugar called Powder Loaf and Double Loaf Sugar, a Duty of two Pounds eleven Shillings and Two-pence three Farthings for every Hundred Weight # thereof, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds.

For and upon all Sugar called Sugar Candy Brown, a Duty of two Pounds four Shillings and Eight-pence Halfpenny for every Hundred Weight thereof, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds

For and upon all Sugar called Sugar Candy White, a Duty of two Pounds eleven Shillings and Two-pence three Farthings for every Hundred Weight thereof, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds

And for and upon all Sugar refined of any other Sort, a Duty of two Pounds eleven Shillings and Two* pence three Farthings for every Hundred Weight thereof, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds:

And so in Proportion for any greater of less Quantity of the said Sugars.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fourteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty, after the Rate of one Pound for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize (except as herein after is excepted) of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland, which shall be exported from Ireland to any Part of Europe, or to any Port or Place within the Streights of Gibraltar; and an additional Duty, after the Rate of three Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize (except as herein after is excepted) which shall be exported from Ireland to any Port or Place whatever not being in Europe, or within the Streights of Gibraltar, por within the Limits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

Exemption of certain Goods from the additional Export Duties, §9." [Exactly as under 42 G. 3. c. 117.

11.]

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fourteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, and paid to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon every Gallon of Rum, Brandy, Geneva, or other foreign Spirits, 'perfectly made and not exceeding single Proof, which, on the said fourteenth Day of July, shall be in any of his Majesty's Stores in Ireland, or which shall, on or after the said fourteenth Day of July, be imported into Ireland, or which having been imported before the said fourteenth Day of July, shall not have been entered, a further additional Duty of Nine-pence, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity; and for every Gallon of such Spirits above the Quality of single Spirits, which shall be imported into Ireland, a further Duty on such Spirits in Proportion to the Duty payable for single Spirits of the same Denomination, according to the comparative Degree of Strength which such Spirits shall bear to single Spirits; which said additional Du-6 tics

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 92.

935

Additional Duties on Spirits made in Ireland, 9d. per Gallon

On British Spirits imported into lrel.mcf, lod. 1-12th per Gallon;

On Malt mad* in Ireland, is. id. per Barrel:

On British Beer imported into Ireland, 9{d.

ties shall be over and above all other Duties imposed on such Spirits by virtue of any Act or Acts now in Force in Ireland, and in Addition to the said Duty of ten Pounds per Centum herein-before granted and imposed by this Act.

XL. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fourteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon every Gallon of Spirits, Aqua Vitae, or Strong Waters, which shall be made or distilled in Ireland from Malt, or from Corn or Grain, or from Melasses or Sugar, or any other Material, an additional Duty of Nine-pence, over and above all other Duties payable thereon under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in Force in Ireland immediately before the said fourteenth Day of July, and after the same Rate for any greater or less Quantity; which said additional Duty shall be paid by the Maker or Distiller of such Spirits respectively.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fourteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, art additional Duty of Ten-pence and one Twelfth-part of a Penny for and upon every Gallon of Spirits distilled or made in Great Britain, which shall be imported from thence into Ireland, and after the same Rate for any greater or less Quantity; which said additional Duty shall be over and above all other Duties imposed on the Importation of such Spirits into Ireland, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in Force immediately before the said fourteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fourteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon every Barrel of Malt, ground or unground, which shall be made in Ireland of Barley oi1 any other Com or^ Grain, whether the same shall be or shall not be for Sale, an additional Duty of one Shilling and one Penny over and above all other Duties payable thereon, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in Force in Ireland on or before the said fourteenth Day of July, and after the same Rate for any greater or less Quantity; which further Duty shall be paid by the Maltster or Maker of such Malt.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be granted,

raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty.of Nin^-pence three Farthings for and upon every Barrel of Bneer or Ale, containing thirty-two Gallons, ^flarrci addb* brewed or made in Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, and after the same Rate for any greater a*

or less Quantity, which said additional Duty shall be over and above all other Duties imposed on the Importation

of such Beer or Ale into Ireland by any Act or Acts in Force in Ireland immediately before the said fourteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fourteenth Day of July, there shall be granted, And on Britishi raised, levied, collected, and paid to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon ^Vleland^every Barrel of Malt, ground or unground, made in Great Britain, of Barley or any other Corn or Grain, and

imported from thence into Ireland, a Duty of seven Shillings and Seven-pence, and so in Proportion for any Barrel greater or less Quantity; which said Duty shall be in lieu of all other Duties payable upon the Importation of such Malt into Ireland, immediately before the said fourteenth Day of July.

Duty of is. id. per Barrel on Malt in Store on June 24, 1803, §16. Officer shall take Account of all such " Malt in Store and make Return to the Collector, §17. Persons charged shall pay said Duty on Malt in Store within one Month after Return of Officer, on Penalty of 50l. and double Duty, §18. Malt in Transitu shall be charged with additional Duty on its Arrival, on or after June 24, §19. Duties of Excise " on Wines in Stores of Dealers, &c. on June 24, viz. French 7l.; Portugal and Madeira, iffc, 4l. 10s.; Rhe-€i nish, 3l. 10s.; other Wines, 3l. 5s* per Tun, §20. To ascertain Stock of Wine in the Hands of Dealers,

Returns shall be made by them on Oath, on Penalty of 500l. and Forfeiture of Wine, $21. Wine on which Duty is not paid before June 24, shall be considered as in the King's Stores, and pay the id. per Cent, ao cordingly, §22. Officers may (as soon as convenient after passing the Act) enter and take Account of all Wines — Penalty on preventing them, 50CI. { 23. Officers may take Samples of Wine, paying for the same. —

Penalty for being obstructed, iool. §24. Officers shall make Returns (within ten Days after taking Ao*

count) of the Stock of Wine so taken by them, and the Duty of Excise under tins Act, §25. Duties on Wine in Store shall be paid within three Months from 24 June, §26. Wine fold shall not be moved out of Stock before the End of three Months, unless Duty paid, §27. Discount of 61. per Cent, for such prompt Payment, §28."

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Wines in his Majesty's Stores in Ireland, belonging to any Importer of, Dealer in, Seller, or Retailer of foreign Wine, shall be subject and liable to all such Duties remaining unpaid as are payable or chargeable on all or any other foreign Wines of such Importer, Dealer, Seller, or Retailer; and that no Wine shall be removed out of his said Majesty's Stores unless ana until as well the Duties incurred on the Importation of such Wines as the said additional Duties hereby charged and imposed, and also all other Duties charged on any other foreign Wine, and due and payable by the Proprietor of the Wine required to be removed, shall have been fully paid and satisfied.

Wine having paid 10l. per Cent, Duty, shall not be chargeable with Excise Duty* £30.*

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties by this Act imposed and made payable on the Importation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize into Ireland, shall not on the Exportation of such Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize, be drawn back, except such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be of the Growth,

Produce, or Manufacture of, or shall be exported to Great Britain: Provided always, that the several Duties of Excise hereby granted and imposed on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and made payable in Ireland, shall and may be drawn back on the Exportation of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes from Ireland^spectively.

Wine in King's Stores shall be liable to all Duties-due from Proprietor and shall not* be removed till such Duties are paid.

'No Drawback allowed of additional Import Duties, except to Great Britain, See. Drawback ak lowed on Excise Duties*

93

Additional Bounty on reined Sugar exported from Txeland.

Additional Dufies may be secured by Kojtd, as other Dutie*.

Bonds not chargeable with Stamp Duly.

Duties shall make Part of Consolidated Fund of Ireland. Duties, Drawbacks, and Penalties shall be levied and paid in Irish Currency; and Duties, Sec. ihallbe managed and recovered as under Irish Adfcs 14, 15 C. 2. o 9. Sc c. 8. and other Revenue Adfc

XXXII. And whereas it is expedient that an additional Bounty should be paid and allowed on the Exportation from Ireland, of Refined Su^ar, ' be it further enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed on the Exportation from Ireland, of any such Refined Sugar, on which Bounties are now payable, an additional Bounty, to be calculated at and after the Rate of ten Pounds for every one hundred Pounds in Money, on the Produce and Amount of whatever Bounty may be due and payable on any such Refined Sugar respectively, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the Time of the Exportation thereof: Provided always, that such additional Bounty shall not be paid and allowed, unless all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions required by Law, with respect to the Bounties due and payable on any such Refined Sugar, shall have been fully and duly complied with.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cases where the whole or any Part of the Duties on the Importation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize into Ireland, are permitted to be Secured by Bond, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force in Ireland at the Time of such Importation, the additional Duties by this Act granted or imposed, may, in like Manner and under the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Conditions, be permitted to be secured by Bond.

" Purchaser shall pay Seller additional Duty on Wine or Malt fold, previous to Duties and not delivered, §34.

Fees shall not be taken for any additional Entry on account of new Duties, §35."

XXXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Bond that may be taken in pursuance of this Act shall be chargeable with any of the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by the additional Duties imposed by this Act, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same being deduded, ) shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties hereby imposed, and all Drawbacks which may be paid and allowed under or by virtue of this Act, and all Fines, Penalties, Sum and Sums of Money in and by this Act made payable, shall be paid and payable, and received and receiveable in Irish Currency; and that all the said Duties and Drawbacks shall and may be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, and paid, secured, and recovered, in such and the like Manner, under the like Powers and Authorities, and in and by any and either of the Ways, Means, or Methods, by which auy of the Duties or Drawbacks on Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, may be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, and recovered under or by virtue of two several Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the fourteenth and fifteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second; the one intituled, An Act for settling the Subsidy of Poundage, and granting a Subsidy of Tonnage and other Sums of Money unto his Royal Mairily, his Heirs and Successors, the same to be paid upon Merchemdixe imported and exported into and out of the Kingdom of Ireland, according to a Book of Rates hereunto annexed; and the other intituled, An Act for the settling of the Excise or new impoR upon his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according Jo the Book of Rates therein tiferted, or under or by virtue of any other Act or Acts of Parliament in Force in Ireland, relating to his Majesty's Revenue; and the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize by this Act made chargeable with the said Rates and Duties, shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures to which any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, on which any Duties are imposed and made payable, or any Drawbacks are allowed, were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force in Ireland on and immediately before the painng of this Act; and the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize chargeable with any Duty under this Act, according to the Value thereof, shall be ascertained in such Manner, and under and subject to such Regulations, Restrictions, and Forfeitures, as are directed by any Provisions contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force in Ireland with respect to the Value of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, paying a Duty on Importation into Ireland according to such Value; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, and Forfeiture, For any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force in Ireland, made for securing any Duties payable on the Importation or Exportation of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof; and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained, shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution, for and in respect of the new and additional Duties hereby charged, as tar as the same are applicable thereto, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as is by the said Acts, or any of them, provided; and all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act created shall be sued for, recovered, and applied in like Manner.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session, $ 39*b

Cap. xcin.

An Act for raising the Sum of five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the ear One thousand eight hundred and three, [[13th July 1803.]

u Treasury authorised to raise 5, 000, 0001. by Loans and Exchequer Bills, as under Malt Act of this Session, £t c. 3. concerning Loans, &c. § I, 2. Exchequer Bills shall bear Interest not exceeding g^d* per Cent.per " Diem, §3. — and shall not be received again in Payment of any Taxes; nor exchanged before April 5, 1804, u §4. Loans and Exchequer Bills, with Interest and Charges, shall be payable out of the first Supplies to be u granted in the next Session, §5. Bank of England authorized to advance not exceeding 2, 000, 000b on the Credit of this Act, §61*

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III., C. 94.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three. Qi 36b July 1803.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision Should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay and

Clothing of the Militia in Great Britain for one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every County, Riding, or Place in England, where the Militia is or shall be raised, the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for such County, Riding, or Place respectively, and in every County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Scotland, where the Militia is or shall be raised, the Receiver General for Scotland shall issue and pay the whole Sums required, in the Manner and for the several Uses herein after mentioned 5 (that is to say, ) For the Pay of the said Militia for four Calendar Months in Advance, at the Rate of six Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed; and at the Rate of three Shillings a Day for each Quarter Mailer, where a Quarter Mailer is appointed; and at the Rate of one Shilling and Sixpence a Day for each Serjeant resident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company, with the Addition of two Shillings and Sixpence a Week for each Serjeant Major, where a Serjeant Major is appointed; and at the Rate of one Shilling and Two-pence a Day for each Corporal so resident as aforesaid; and at the Rate of one Shilling a Day for each Drummer so resident as aforesaid, with the Addition of Sixpence a Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum Major is appointed; and also at the Rate of Four-pence a Month for each private Man and Drummer for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment, Battalion, Corps, and Independent Company of Militia, one Moiety whereof it shall be lawful to apply in Aid of the Stoppage Fund of each Regiment, Battalion, Corps, and Independent Company, for providing the Men with Necessaries, under the Direction of the Colonel or other Commandant, during the Time of their being from Home upon account of their annual Exercise; and also for Half a Year's Salary for the Clerk of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, belonging to such County* Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, at the Rate of fifty Pounds a Year; and also for the respective Allowances to the Clerk of the General Meetings, and Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings, at the Rates following; (that is to say, ) To the Clerk of the General Meetings at the Rate of five Pounds five Shillings for each Meeting, and to the several Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings at the Rate of one Pound one Shilling for each Meeting; and also for the Clothing of the Militia for such County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings for each Serjeant, and two Pounds for each Corporal and Drummer, with the Addition of one Pound for each Serjeant Major and each Drum Major, where such Serjeant Majors, Drum Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, have not been clothed within two Years; and with respect to the private Militia Men, at the Rate of one Pound twelve Shillings for each private Militia Man: Provided always, that where any Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer shall be absent on Furlough or Licence, such Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer shall, during such Absence, receive Pay at the following Rates, instead of those above mentioned; (that is to say, ) every Serjeant the Sum of one Shilling per Day, every Corporal the Sum of EightTpence per Day, and every Drummer the Sum of Sixpence per Day respectively, and no more.

II. And be it further enacted, That such further Allowances shall be made to such respective General and Subdivision Clerks for their Expences and Trouble in amending the Returns of Persons returned liable to serve in the Militia by taking out the Names of all Persons who may appeal, and whose Appeals or Claims of Exemptions have been allowed, and inserting the Names of any Persons that shall have been omitted to be inserted, and in numbering the Returns and making out the Tickets for the Ballot, after the Rate of one Pound fifteen Shillings for every one thousand Names of Persons returned liable to serve; and also for the actual Expences incurred by such respective Clerks, and for Printing and Stationary used for the Purpose of this Act, so tar as to the Lord LieutenaifTs or Deputy Lieutenants of the respective Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, or Places, shall appear reasonable and proper; and in case the Orders made by the Lord Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants for the Payment of such further Allowances as aforesaid shall be confirmed at a General Meeting confiding of not less than five Deputy Lieutenants, but not otherwise.

III. And be it further enacted, That all such Sums of Money granted for the Pay, Clothing, and contingent Expences of the Militia as aforesaid, except such as shall be due to the several Clerks of the Meetings aforesaid, shall be paid in England by the respective Receivers General of the Land Tax, and in Scotland by the Receiver General for Scotland, into the Hands of the Clerk or Clerks of the Regiments, Battalions, or Corps of Militia, belonging to such County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place respectively, upon his or their producing his or their Warrant or Warrants of Appointment to such Office, under the Hand and Seal «af the Colonel or other Commandant of each Regiment, Battalion, dr Corps respectively; and where the Militia shall be formed into an Independent Company or Independent Companies, such Sums as aforesaid shall be paid by the respective^Receivers General into the Hands of the respective Captains of such Independent t 'ompanies, or to such Person as each respective Captain shall authorize to receive the same, according to the Number of Persons hereby entitled to receive Pay, of which such Regiment or Regiments, Battalion or Battalions, Corps, or Independent Company or Independent Companies, shall have been legally appointed to confill; and such Receivers General of the Land Tax in England, or Receiver General for Scotland, shall also, % vithiu fourteen Days after the Expiration of the third Calendar Month from the Time of the first Payment, snake a second Payment for four Calendar Months in Advance; and shall also, within fourteen Days after the ^Expiration of the third Calendar Month from the Time of the said second Payment, make a third Payment for

43 Geo. III. 6 D four

937

Where the Militia is raised, the Receiver General (haty issue four Months' Pay ui Advance.

Ra: es of Pay.

Allowances for Contingencies.

Salary to the Clerk.

Allowances so Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings* Clothing.

Rates of Pay to

Serjeants, &c. when on Furlough.

Further Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings for amending Returns, &c.

The Money (exc t pi 1.* the Clerks of the Meetings) to ! e paid l>y the rt-spective Receivers-General to the Clerk of the Regiment, and for Independent Companies to the Captain, &c.

93»

Receipts of the Parties shall be a Discharge.

Clerks pay Adjutant, or Captains of Independent Companies, at certain Periods, who shall distribute the Pay rcguiirly. Scc.

How Adjutants and Captains shall account.

C«94« 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

four Calendar Months in Advance for the Pay and contingent Expences of the Militia, and for the Allowances to the Regimental or Battalion Clerk or Clerks aforesaid, in the Proportions herein-before mentioned; and the Receipt of such Clerk or Clerks, and of such Captain of an Independent Company or Captains of Independent Companies, or of such Person or Persons as such Captain or Captains shall so authorize to receive such Money as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Receivers General of the Land Tax in 1England, and Receiver General for Scotland respectively, for the several Sums of Money so by them or him paid.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, shall forthwith, after the Receipt of such Sums of Money as aforesaid, pay or cause to be paid to the Adjutant of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, one Calendar Month's Pay in Advance on account of his own Pay, and of the Pay of the Quarter Matter; and also two Months' Pay in Advance for the Serjeant Major, Drum Major, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers; and on the twenty-fifth Day of every subsequent Month the said Clerk fhafi pay, or cause to be paid, to every such Adjutant, one other Month's Pay in Advance for himself, and for the Quarter Matter, Serjeant Major, Drum Major, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers respectively, which Pay every such Adjutant is hereby required to distribute to the several Persons by this Act entitled to receive the same, as it shall become due, (except for the JPeriod of Exercise as herein after directed); and the Captain or Commanding Officer of each Independent Company is hereby required to distribute in like Manner, to each Person of his Company entitled thereto, such Money as he shall receive for their Pay by virtue of this Act; and three Times in the Year every such Adjutant shall give in to the Clerk of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which he shall belong, and every such Captain or Commanding Officer of an Independent Company shall give in'to the Receiver General, an Account of the several Payments he shall have made in pursuance of this Act, according to the following Form

Date of Receipt.

County of

Dr

To Caffi received of Mr.

Regimental or Battalion Clerk, or Receiver General [at the Case shall be-] for two Months' Pay in Advance, from to

D° for Months' Pay in

Advance, from to

Dc for Months' Pay in

Advance, from to

D* for'Months' Pay in Advance, from to

J

1

Per Contra, Cr

Paid myself Days'Pay,

from the of

to the of

following -

Paid Quarter Matter

for Days* Pay, at

from the to the of

following -

Paid Serjeant, foO

Daye* [full Pay, or, on Furlough, as the Case I may be-\ from the.of to the of

following ——

Ditto as Serjeant Major —

Paid Serjeant for "\

Days' [full Pay, or, 011 Fur- J-lough, as the Case may ! from the of f

to the of j

following — — — J

Paid Corporal

Days' [full Pay, or, on Fur- j lough, as the Case may be-\

of

' from the of to the

I following —

Paid Drummer

Days' [full Pay, or, on Furlough, as the Case may bej at % from the

of to the

of following —

Ditto as Drum Major -

Paid Drummer

Days' [full Pay, or, on Fur lough, as the Case may be] from the

to the of

j following

-I

ju/c in uj t/c* J

c J

Acd

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII IIX. 0.94*

And shall respectively pay back to the said Clerk, or to the Receiver General (as the Case shall be), the Surplus (if any) of the Money by him from Time to Time received, and then remaining in his Hands.

V. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That in case the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company of Militia, shall certify in Writing to the Clerk of the same, or to the Receiver General of the Land Tax, that he hath discharged any Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, in such Case no Pay shall be issued for such Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, until another be duly appointed.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, out of the Money hereby directed to be issued and paid to him for defraying the contingent Expences of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, shall, from Time to Time, issue out and pay such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Rer pair of Arms and the Carriage and Removal thereof, or in Aid of the Stoppage Fund for supplying the Men with Necessaries as aforesaid, upon an Order in Writing signed by the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps; and after Payment of such Sums as shall be drawn on him by such Colonel or other Commandant as aforesaid, he shall three Times in the Year make up Accounts of all such Money, and the Expenditure thereof, and of the Balance remaining in his Hands* which said Balance shall form a Stock Purse for the Use of the Regiment, Tattalion, or Corps, and transmit the same to the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, to by him examined, allowed, and signed; and the Accounts, so allowed and signed, shall be and are hereby directed to be the proper Vouchers and Aqquitt*l of such Clerk for the Application and Disposal of such Money.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Money hereby directed to be issued for the contingent Expences of each Independent Company of Militia, shall be in like Manner applied to the particular Use of such respective Independent Company by the Captain thereof, and shall three Times in the Year be in Hke Manner accounted for to the Receiver General of the Land Tax of the County or Place to which such Independent Company shall belong, whose Allowance of such Account shall in like Manner be the proper Voucher for the Expenditure and Disposition of such Money.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said Regimental or Battalion Clerk may and shall retain to his own Use, out of the Money so by him received, such further Sums as shall complete the Allowance herein-before made for his Salary'.

IX. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty's Lieutenant or (in his Absence) any Three or more Deputy Lieutenants of any County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, shall have fixed the Days of J£x-ercife for the Militia, he or they shall as soon as may be certify the same to the Receiver General of such County, Riding, or Place if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland if in Scotland, specifyrog the Number of Men, and the Number of Days such Men are to be absent from Home on account of such Exerdfe, not exceeding in the Whole twenty-eight Days; and such Receiver General is hereby required, within fourteen Days after the Receipt of such Certificate, to issue and pay to the Clerks of the several Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, Pay at the Rate of nine Shillings and Five-pence per Day for each Field Officer, and for the Captain of ejach Company; and at the Rate of hvc Shillings and Eight-pence per Day for each Lieutenant; and of four Schillings and Eight-pence per Day for each Ensign; and at the Rate of ten Shillings per Day for each SurgeOn; together with two Shillngs per Day (additional) for each Adjutant, and two Shillings and Eight-pence per Day (additional) for each Quarter Mailer; and also at the Rate of one Shilling per Day for each private Militia Man, and a further Allowance of Beer Money, at the Rate of one Penny per Diem for each of the said private Men, and also for each Serjeant Major, Drum Major, Serjeant, Corporal, and Drummer, for the Number of Days so certified as aforesaid, not exceeding in the Whole twenty-eight Days; and in -such Counties or Places, where there shall be Independent Companies only, the Receivers General of such Counties or Places shall issue and pay to the Captains of such Independent Companies, Pay at the Rates aforesaid respectively for the Captain, Lieutenants, Ensigns, and private Mem, together with Beer Money as aforesaid for the Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, and Private Men; and the said Regimental or Battalion Clerks are hereby required forthwith to pay to each Captain of the said Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, the Proportion of Pay belonging to each Captain, and likewise the Pay and Beer Money belonging to their respective Companies, according to the Provisionq of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant who shall have received from the Regimental or Batta-

lion Clerk, in the Manner herein-before directed, the Pay in Advance for the Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which he belongs, shall pay over to the Captain or Commanding Officer of each Company, the Proportion of Pay belonging to the Non-commissionea Officers and Drummers of their respective Companies, for the Period of Exercist?; which Pay, so received from the Adjutant and Regimental or Battalion Clerks respectively, the said Captains or Commanding Officers of Companies are hereby required to distribute to the Persons entitled thereto, according to the Provisions of this Act. f

XII 4 And whereas in pursuance of an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for increasng the Rates of Sulffence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers, certain increased R'ates

are allowed for the Payment of Innholders and others, on whom Non-commimoned Officers and private Soldiers

may, by virtue of an Act passed also in the present Session of Parliament, for punishing Mutiny and Qefertion*

and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be quartered in that Dart of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, the Dominion of Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed*. 4 And whereas by an Act passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, Ah 4 Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia, the Officers, Nffh-

commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men of the said Militia, when called out to annual Excrdfc:

are required to he quartered and billetted in Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Victualling Hmifes, 1 jmd

Hoidcs U Persons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder, Wine, or Metheglin, by Retail be it enacted,

939

Balance to be paid back.

On Certificate of Discharge of Serjeant, See. no Pay shall Lc issued.

Clcik thall pay out of contingent Money for Repair of Arms, See. and account to the Colonel.

Captain* of independent Companies shall nccount to Receiver General.

Clerk may retain his Salary.

Lieutenant, or three Deputy Lieutenants, shall certify Days of Exercise, &c. fixed by them to Receiver Geneva), who shall issue to Regimental Clerks the Pay herein specified* Sc c.

Payior Independent Companies shall be ilTutd to Captains.

Adjutant* having received Pay for Seijrants, &c. shall pay over to Captains the Proportion for Exercise.

43 G. 3. c. 41.

43 & 3* c. 20, a<? «*r "A

and^2 XS.* c. 90.^94. recned.

940

The same Rates shall be paid for billeiting Militia during annual Exercise as are allowed for the Regular Infantry under 4} G. 3. c. 41.

Receivers-General shall supply Money for paying such Allowances.

Militia shall contribute thereto as Regulars.

Captains* Accounts as to Exercise.

Accounts to to Afned, and 'Bhboce paid.

C. 94. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

That the Innholders and others on whom the said Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men shall be so quartered and billetted, shall be entitled to and receive the same Rates of Allowance for each Serjeant Major, Drum Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, and Private Man so quartered and billetted upon them during the Time of their remaining assembled for Exercise as aforesaid, and under the Came Rules and Regulations as such Innholders or others may now, by the above-mentioned Act for the Relief of Innkeepers, .demand and receive for the Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Soldiers of the regular Infantry, in the respective Cases of their fumifliing them with Diet and Small Beer, or supplying them in lieu thereof with the Articles specified in the said Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and the Receivers General of the Land Tax in England are hereby authorized and required to supply the Regimental or Battalion Clerks of the several Regiments, Battalions, and Corps, or the Captains of Independent Companies, (as the Case may be, ) with the necessary Funds to enable the said Clerks and Captains of Companies respectively to defray the Charge of the Allowances so to be made to the said Innholders and others; and the said Regimental or Battalion Clerks are hereby required forthwith to pay to each Captain in the said Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, the Proportion of the said Allowance belonging to each Company: Provided always, that each of the Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, arid Private Men, who shall be furnished with Diet and Small Beer as aforesaid, shall contrihutc towards the Expence thereof the like Proportion of his Pay and Beer Money, as is or shall be contributed in the like Case by the Non-Commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Soldiers of the Regular Infantry.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Captain of each Company shall make up an Account of all Monies received and paid by him on account of such Exercise, according to the following Form;

County of Dc

To Cash received of the Regimental or Battalion Clerk, or Receiver General the Case shall be'] }>

for Days' Pay

and Beer Money, of Men -

Ditto for the Rates allowed to Innholders and others, on whom, the Men have been billetted

d.

Per Contra

By my Pay as Captain Paid Lieutenant Paid Ensign Paid Serjeant from the the of Paid Corporal the

of

Paid Drummer

from the of

of following

said M[ilitia Men Days from the of the of following

Paid the Innholders on whom the Non-commissioned Officers and ( Men of my Company have been bil- ( letted; viz. }

for of

following

Days from of to the

following Days atto the

"1

1

ivs J

°i

I i

letted; 1

For Diet and Small £. Beer for

Men for

Days Deduct the Proportion charged to the said Non-commissioned Officers and Men, and included in their Pay as above

For the smaller Articles and Small Beer, for for Days

d.

lieu of Diet Men,

; d.

; 1

I

i f

AT. B. This Account is of course to include all other proper Receipts and Charges, although not enumerated in the above Form.

Which Account shall be signed by the said Captain, and (except in the Case of Independent Companies) Countersigned by the Commanding Officer; and such Captain shall, within ten Days after the Time such Exercise is nnished, deliver such Account and pay the Balance, ifthercbeany due, to the Regimental or Battalion Clerk, or if Captain of an Independent Company, to the Receiver General; and such Accounts shall be allowed tosufficient Vouchers in the passing of the Accounts, of such Receiver General by the proper Auditor or Audi-torn of his Majesty's Revenue.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 94. 941

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company of Militia, is or shall be embodied or called out into actual Service, and thereby the Officers and Men thereof are or shall be entitled to the same Pay as the Officers and Men in his Majesty's other Regiments of Foot receive, all Pay and Allowances as aforesaid from the respective Receivers General in England, and from the Receiver General for Scotland, whether to the Adjutants, Quarter Mailers, Serjeant Majors, Drum Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, Private Men, or others, and all Money allowed as aforesaid for the contingent Expences, or for Necessaries of ever)' Inch Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company of Militia, and also the Allowance to the Clerk of every such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, shall, during such Time of actual Service, and until such Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company, shall be disembodied and return Home, cease and not be paid.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Receivers General in England, and Receiver General for Scotland respectively, shall pay to the Clerk of the General Meetings his Allowance at the Rate of five Pounds and five Shillings for each Meeting, or such further Allowance as may be made, as herein-before directed, upon his producing an Order or Orders For that Purpose from his Majesty's Lieutenant or fro* three Deputy Lieutenants assembled at some General Meeting or Meetings, and shall also pay to each and every of the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings their several Allowances, at the Rate of one Pound and one Shilling for each Meeting, or such further Allowance as may be made as herein-before directed, upon his or their producing an Order or Orders from one or more Deputy Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, assembled in the several Subdivision Meetings, which said Order or Orders, certifying the Day or Days of Meeting, at what Place or Places, and for what Purpose or Purposes the said General and Subdivision Meeting or Meetings have been assembled and held, together with the Clerk's Receipt or Receipts for the Sums so claimed, shall be to the said Receivers General in England, and Receiver General for Scotland respectively a sufficient Discharge for the Payment of such Allowances, and be allowed in their os his Account.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Clerk ef each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, fhaR give Security to the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax of the County, Riding, or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps shall belong in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland, as the Case may require, by a Bond to his Majesty, in the Penalty of one Half of the Sum required for the whole Year's Charge for the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia to which such Clerk shall belong, for duly answering and paying such Sums as he shall from Time to Time have received, and for duly accounting for the fame, and for Performance of the Trull hereby in him reposed, which said Bond shall be lodged in the Hands of the Receivers General iu England for the respective Counties, Ridings, and Places in England, and in the Hands of the Receiver General for Scotland for the respective Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places in Scotland, who, in case the said Regimental or Battalion Clerk shall not duly perform the Conditions comprized in the said Bond, shall, and they and he are and is hereby required forthwith to put the said Bond in Suit in the Name of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the full Costs and Charges of which Suit, in case Judgement shall be given against such Regimental or Battalion Clerk, shall be paid by him to the said Receivers General in England, or Receiver General for Scotland, who shall likewise be entitled to and receive to their or his own Use at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum out of all such Monies as shall be by them or him recovered thereon, and shall account for the, Residue thereof with the proper Auditor or Auditors of his Majesty's Revenue in England and Scotland respectively, as the Case may require; the said Receivers General in England and Scotland respectively charging themselves therewith upon the next Account to be by them respectively passed.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of every Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, and the Captain of every Independent Company of Militia in every County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place in Great Britain, shall, between the twenty-fifth Day of March and the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and four, deliver to the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax of the County, Riding, or Place to which such, Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company shall belong, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland, if in Scotland, a fair Account in Writing of all Monies by him received and di(bursed for the Service of the Year ending the twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, in pursuance of this Act, with proper Vouchers for the fame, and shall payback to the said Receivers or Receiver General respectively, any Surphis of such Monies which shall then be in his Hands; which said Account, signed by such Regimental or Battalion Clerk, or by such Captain of an Independent Company respectively, shall be transmitted by the said Receivers General into the Office of the proper Auditor or Auditors of his Majesty's Revenue.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Penalties, all Costs and Charges of Suit, and all Sums of Money for which any Person or Persons is or are by this Act made answerable, may and shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in his Majesty's Court of F.xchcciuer in Scotland, according as the Case may require, by Action of Debt, BUI, Plaint, or Information, wl^erciu no Lftbign, Wager of Law; or Protection, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon account of any Warrant or Sum of Money which shaft be mued in relation to or in pursuanet of this Act.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Person being on Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance as having served in any or either of the two Troops of Horte Guards, or Regiments of Horse reduced, and serving in the Militia, shall and may, and he is hereby empowered to receive and take the Subsistence Morey by this Act directed to be paid to Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Ensigns, Adjutants, Quarter Masters, Surgeons, or Regimental or Battalion Clerks; and the receiving or taking uich Suhfiltence Money by any such Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quarter Master, Surgeon, or Regimental or Battalion Clerk, shall not be deemed a receiving or taking of Pay io as in any Manner to prevent

While Militia is embodied, Pay and Allowances from Receivers-General shall ccafc.

Receivers-General shall pay Allowances to Clerks of the General and Subdivision Meeting*.

Regimental Clerks shall give Security by fiund.

Receivers-G«* neral shall put Bonds in Suit, and be entitled 10 51, per Cent* ul the Money - recovcied.

Regimental

Cerks, &c. shall deliver Accounts of Receipts and Payments to Receiver-General, and pay Balances, Ate.

Recovery c# Penalties and Cods.

No Fee payabU for any Warrant.

Persons on Half-Pay, of entitled to Allowance as having Ctrved in the Horle Guards, is. c. serving in the Militia, miy

942

receive the fam» on taking the following Uiillt.

Adjutants after 30 Yea; s' Service, 1; uf vhich as Adjutants ot Militia, eniuled to receive a certain Allowance.

If any Regiment shall ce.de, an Allowance shall be made the Adjutant to March 25, 1804.

Surgeons after 30 Years' Service entitled to a certain Allowance.

3, 40 G. 3. c. 44-

[SVc c. 120. of this Sejfon, amending inis Act.]

4T G. J. c. 55.

C. 94 — 96. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

vert such Person on Half Pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Half Pay or such Allowance; and such Person shall take the following Oath before forae Justice of the Peace, who is hereby

empowered to administer the same.

*A. J3. do^wear, That I had not, between the and the any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half Pay as a reduced in late Regiment of [or, Allowance as in late Troop

4 of Horse Guards, or, Regiment of Horse reduced] save and except my Subsistence [as a Field

Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quarter Mailer, Surgeon, or Regimental or Battalion Clerk,

4 as the Case may be] for serving in the Militia of the County of

And the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his Half Pay, or the said Allowance, without taking any other Oath; any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XX. 4 And whereas Persons appointed to act as Adjutants in the Militia may, by Age or Infirmity, be rendered incapable of doing the Duty thereof, «and it is expedient that some Provision should be made for them in Conuderation of their former Services; be it enacted, That if any Adjutant of Militia who shall have served faithfully either in his Majesty's Regular Forces, or in the Militia, for the full Term of thirty Years in the Whole, fifteen of which he shall have served as an Adjutant of Militia, shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, he shall, on.producing to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Militia shall belong, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland, if in Scotland, a Certificate of such Service of thirty Years as aforesaid, from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, be entitled to receive, and the Receivers General aforesaid respectively shall be, and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to such Person producing such Certificate as aforesaid, an Allowance at the Rate of six Shillings 'per Day: Provided always, that no Per-Fon shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid, who shall have served for a lef3 Term than fifteen Years as an Adjutant of Militia, or who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, except as Regimental or Battalion Clerk of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company, shall have already ceased and determined, or been reduced in its Establishment, or shall cease and determine, or be reduced in its Establishment, during the Continuance of this Act, the Sum of three Shillings per Dkm shall be paid to such Person as has actually served as Adjutant to such Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company, from the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, or from the Time such Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company, shall cease and determine, or be reduced in its Establishment, as the Case may be, to the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four.

XXII. 4 And whereas Persons appointed to act as Surgeons in the Militia may, by Age or Infirmity, be rendered incapable of doing the Duty thereof, and it is expedient that some Provision should be made for them in Consideration of their former Services be it enacted, That if any Surgeon of Militia, having served faithfully in the Militia for the full Term of thirty Years, shall, by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, he shall, on producing to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding, or Place to which such Militia shall belong, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotlandx if in Scotland, a Certificate of such Service of thirty Years as aforesaid from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, be entitled to receive, and the Receivers General aforesaid respectively shall be, and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to such Person, producing such Certificate as aforesaid, an Allowance at the Rate of three Shillings per Day: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid, who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty.

CAP. XCV.

An Act: to revive and further continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, and amend so much of an Act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant*-Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

L13th 1803.]

(See 42 G. 3. c. 64. to which this Act is prccifcly similar.)

CAP. XCVI.

An Act to amend and render more effectual, an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the present War> and for indemnifying Persons who may ftffer in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose \ and to enable his Majesty more effectually and fpcediiy to exercise his ancient and undoubted Prerogative in requiring the Military Service of his liege Subjects m case of Invasion of the R, ealm.

[27th July 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act hath been paffid in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable

his Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the present IVar,

and for indemnifying Persons who may fvjfcr in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary for that

8 4 Purpose

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 96. 943

Purpose: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be amended and rendered more effectual, and'4 that further Provision should be made for the carrying into Execution the Purposes thereof: And whereas it is also expedient to enable his Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise his ancient and undoubted Prerogative, of requiring the Military Service of all his liege Subjects in case of an Invasion of the Realm by a foreign Enemy may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That his Majesty's Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants, constituted and appointed by virtue or acting in the Execution of an Act, passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for jimending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia; and also of another Act, passed in the said forty-second Year of his said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to raise and establisj a Militia Force in Scotland, for the several Counties, Stewartries, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, and Places, in the said recited Acts mentioned; and all Justices of the Peace, and all Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, and Schoolmasters, and other Officers in the said recited Acts mentioned, respectively, shall have full Power and Authority, and are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, to do all Acts, Matters, and Things, necessary for carrying this Act into Execution, in like Manner, and as fully and effectually, as they are respectively authorized, empowered, or required to carry into Execution the said recited Acts.

Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants, &c. under Militia Atfts 42 G. 3. c. 99, 91. (halt put this Act m Execution*

" Provision8 respecting Counties shall extend to Ridings, Hundreds to other Divisions, and Parishes to Town- ships, &c. §2. ^as § $. of 43 G. 3. c. 82.]"

III. And be it further enacted, That a General Meeting of the Lieutenancy shall be held in each County General Meet-within ten Days after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as may be, and at such General Meeting the , n*s of J^, cu.l£-Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants, or such of them as shall be present at such Meeting, shall issue out their J^rd^rs for*re-11* Orders to the Chief Constables, and where there is no Chief Constable, to some other Officer of the several turning Lifts to Hundreds and Districts within their respective Counties, requiring every such Chief Constable or other Officer the Deputy

as aforesaid to issue an Order under his Hand to all Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers Lieutenants of in England, or to the Schoolmasters or other Officers in Scotland, in every Parish within their respective Men ^etweerl Hundreds and Districts, to return to the Deputy Lieutenants within their respective Subdivisions, at the shalUppoint^he Places and on the Days to be named and appointed in such Order, fair and true Lifts in Writing, in the first Subdivifiun Manner by this Act directed, of the Names of all the Men usually and at that Time dwelling within such Meeting, &c* respective Parishes between the Ages of seventeen and fifty-five Years, and shall appoint the first Subdivision Meeting to be held under this Act, for carrying the same into Execution, and likewise appoint the Day for their second General Meeting if the same shall be necessary.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants of any General and County at any General Meeting, anjl also for the Deputy Lieutenants within their respective Subdivisions Subdivision thereof, whenever they shall deem it expedient, to nominate and appoint, from amongst the Persons who would ^Ice-j1nt8p under the Provisions of this Act be comprized in the fourth Class of Persons to be enrolled for Military Service Co^ablesfrorn in any Parish, such Number of Persons usually resident therein who may be willing to undertake and perform the fourth ClaC* the Duty of Constables in the Execution of this Act, as such Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants shall think l$er §I0.] fit, to be Special Constables for all or any of the Purposes of this Act within such Parish; and the Deputy of., PjVr°ns e?- Lieutenants shall thereupon forthwith cause the Names of the Persons Who shall be so appointed Special Con- [^ry Service1.1* stables to be transmitted to the Chief Constable or other proper Officer of the Hundred or District within

which such Parish shall be situate; and all Persons so appointed Special Constables as aforesaid shall and may thereupon do and perform all such Acts, Matters, and Things, in the Execution of this Act, or of such and so many of the Purposes thereof for which they shall he so appointed as aforesaid within their respective Parishes, as any other Constables therein are by this Act empowered and required to do and perform in the Execution thereof; and no such Special Con liable shall be liable to Military Service under this Act so long only as he shall continue to act as such.

V. And be it further enacted, That in the Course of the Month of Odoher in each and every Year after the General Meet-

passing of this Act, and oftener in each Year if Occasion shall require, a like'General Meeting of Lieutenancy ins

shall be held in every County for the Purposes of this Act, and for carrying into Execution from Time to Time aanua

the Provisions thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if through the Neglect or Mistake of any Lieutenant or Deputy Acts omitted to

Lieutenants, or any Chief Constables, Constables, or other Officers, or from any other Cause, any Act or*n£e

Acts, Matters, or Things, hereby required to be done at any such Meeting as aforesaid, shall not be performed, donrat^ubfe-it shall be lawful for the Persons respectively authorized and required to do any such Act, Matter, or Thing, questtme.

to carry the same into Execution at any subsequent Meeting, and all such Acts, Matters, and Things, shall be as good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been done at the Meeting in this Act mentioned for such Purpose.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the several Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, Schoolmasters, ConfiaMes, and other Officers and Persons hereby required to return such Lifts, shall, within such Time as shall be fixed shall give Nonce, by the Deputy Lieutenants, not exceeding seven Days after any such Returns shall be required, give or leave

Notice in Writing, in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.), to or for every Occupier Housekeeper*, ' of every Dwelling House where any Person shall refule, within the Limits of the Places for which they aft as Ate. to protiuco such Constables, Schoolmasters, or other Officers as aforesaid, in the Execution of this Act, or any of the Luts or Men bc-Provisions thereof, at his or her Dwelling Jioufe, or where such Dwelling House shall be divided into different Uceu 55*

Stories

944 C. 96. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

IVnalty for neg-to nuke oir. Lifts, 10).; for retufuig or iriakipg j'alfe Returns, 20l.

Persons Having more than one Residence may enroll in any ore, ice.

Occupiers, being Quakers, shall produce Certificate thereof, and Conftah'es, fee. ftuTl make Returns of the Persons in their Houses liable to fer\e [See also

Stories or Apartments, and occupied distinctly by several Persons, then to or for the Occupier of each distinct Story or Apartment, to prepare and produce, within two Days next ensuing the Day of giving such Notice, a Lilt and Account in Writing to the best of his or her Belief, of the Christian and Surname, and also of the Age of each and every Man resident in such Dwelling House, or distinct Story or Apartment, between the Ages of seventeen and fifty-five Years, distinguistiirrg in such Lift or Account whether every such Man is married or unmarried, and whether he hath any Child or Children living under the Age of ten Years, and whether he is willing to engage himself to serve as a Volunteer under this Act, and also distinguishing therein such other Particulars as are required by this Acfc, according to the Form in the said Schedule hereunto annexed; and every such Notice shall mention the Day, Time, and Place, appointed for hearing Appeals within such Subdivision, by Persons claiming to be exempt from being enrolled as not being within the Ages specified, or claiming to be enrolled by any other Description, or in any other Class; and every such Occupier shall, after every such Notice so given or left, make out such Lift, and sign the same with his or her own Name, and shall deliver the fame, or cause the same to be delivered, to such Constable, Schoolmaster, or other Officer or Person as aforesaid; and if any Occupier shall wilfully neglect to make out, sign, and deliver such Lift as aforesaid, within the Time before limited, every such Occupier shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds; and if any such Occupier shall refuse to make out and return such Lift, or knowingly make any false Return of any Particular required therein, or shall knowingly and wilfully conceal the Name and Description of any Person who ought to be enrolled under this Act, every such Occupier shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding the Sum of twentj Pounds.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person having more than one Place of Residence to enroll himself and return his Servants and Inmates for Enrolment in any one of the Parishes in which he may have a Residence, giving in every such Case Notice in the other Parishes of the Parish in which he is or intends to be enrolled and to return his Servants and Inmates for Enrolment.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where any Notice shall be served upon any Occupier being One of the People called Quakers, such Occupier shall, within seven Days after the Service of such Notice, produce to the Constable, Schoolmaster, or other Officer, a Certificate under the Hands of two or more respectable Housekeepers, being of the People called Quakers, acknowledging such Person to be one of their Per-suasion; and that in all such Cases, such Constables or other Officers are hereby required to make Returns of the Persons liable to be enrolled under this A A, resident in the Houses, Stories, or Apartments of such Occupiers so certified to be of the People called Quakers, in the same Manner as is directed by this Act in Cases where Returns are not made to such Notices as aforesaid.

as to United Brethren, c. 120. §2.]

Constablrs, &c. Hull make out yearly Lifts, in the Form in Schedule (B.), di Men between the Ages of 17 and 55, distinguishing -their Rank, Src. and dividing them into Classes, viz.

1. Unmarried, between 17 and 30, without Children;

a. Between 30 and 50;

3. Married Men from r 7 to 30, with only 2 Children;

4. All other Persons.

Copies of Lifts Dull be affixed n the Church D(»ors, with Nt/ice of the Day for hearing Appeals, and a Return to-be made to the fuss Subdivision Meeting.

X. And be it further enacted, That in England the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers, and in Scotland the Schoolmasters or other Officers in every Parish, shall, within ten Days after having delivered such Notices as aforesaid, make out in every Year a fair and Hue Lift, in Writing, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.), of the Names of all the Men usually or at that Time dwelling or being within the respective Parishes for which they shall respectively ad in the Execution of the Provisions of this Act, between the Ages of seventeen and fifty-five Years, as well of those who have not made any Return, or been returned in pursuance of such Notices as aforesaid, as of those who shall have made such Returns, or been returned in pursuance thereof, distinguishing their respective Ranks and Occupations, and those who have made Returns to such Notices, from those who have neglected to make such Returns, (and where the true Names of such Persons cannot be procured, the common Appellation of such Person shall be sufficient, ) and dividing the several Person3 so returned according to their respective Ages, Situations, and Descriptions, into the several Classes herein after mentioned; (that is to say, ) In the first Class, they shall put all the Men of the Age of seventeen and under the Age of thirty Years, unmarried, and having no Child or Children living under the Age-of ten Years; and in the second Class, all the Men of the Age of thirty and under the Age of fifty Years, unmarried, and having no Child or Children living under the Age of ten Years; and in the third Class, all the Men of the Age of seventeen and under the Age of thirty Years, who are or have been married, and who have not more than two Children living under the Age of ten Years; and in the fourth Class, all the Men not included in any of the former Classes; and also distinguishing in such Lifts, which of the PersonsTo returned labour under any Infirmity) likely to incapacitate them from Military Service, and which of them are willing to engage to serve as Volunteers under this Act, and which of them are Clergymen, or licensed Teachers of separate Congregations in Holy Orders or pretended Holy Orders, as herein after described, Quakers, or Medical Practitioners, being Householders, or Persons serving as Officers or otherwise in the Army, Navy, Marines, Militia, Sea Fencibles, or Volunteers; and which of them are Constables or other Peace Officers, or Parish Schoolmasters in Scotland, acting in the Execution of this Act; and shall affix a true Copy of every such Lift on the Door of the Church or Chapel belonging to every such Parish, or (if there shall be no Church or Chapel belonging thereto) on the Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parish thereto adjoining, three Days at the least before they shall make the Return to the Deputy Lieutenants, as directed by this A cl; and also Notice in Writing at the Bottom of the said Copy of such Lift, of the Day and Hour, and Place of Meeting for hearing Appeals under this Act, which is hereby directed to be on the Day appointed for the first Subdivision Meeting under this Act; and that all Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved may then appeal, and that no Appeal will be afterwards received; and shall afterwards make a Return of such Lift as aforesaid, or a true and txadl Copy thereof, to the Deputy Lieutenants of the Subdivision at their first Subdivision Meeting.

6 XI. Provided

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 96. 945

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Persons holding and executing for the Time being the several Offices herein after mentioned; (that is to say), In England, the Office of Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Office of Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain, the Office of Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, the Office of Matter of the Rolls, the Office of Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, the Office of Chief Baron of the Exchequer, the Office of a Puisne Judge of the Courts of King's Bench or Common Pleas, or of a Baron of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer; and in Scotland\ the Office of Lord President of the Court of Session, the Office of Lord Justice Clerk, the Office of Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer, the Office of a Lord of Session, or Lord Commissioner of Justiciary, or the Office of a Baron of the Exchequer, shall be liable to be enrolled for Military Service under this Act, so long only as such Persons respectively shall continue to hold and execute any such Offices respectively.

All. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person labouring under any Infirmity rendering him incapable of Military Service, nor any Clergyman, nor any licensed Teacher of any separate Congregation in Holy Orders or pretended Holy Orders, and not carrying on any other Trade, or exercising any other Occupation for his Livelihood except that of a Schoolmaster, nor any Person being one of the People called Quakerr, nor any Medical Man actually pra&ifingas such and being a Housekeeper, nor any Person actually serving as an Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or Private Soldier, in his Majesty's Army, or in the Marines, or the Militia, or enrolled and serving as an effective Member in any Corps of Sea Fencibles or Volunteers, whose Services shall have been or shall be accepted by his Majesty, nor any Person actually serving as an Officer or Seaman in his Majesty's Navy, nor any Lieutenant or Deputy. Lieutenant in any County, nor any Constable or other Peace Officer, or Parish Schoolmaster in Scotland acting in the Execution of this Act, shall he liable to Military Service under this Act, so long only as they shall respectively continue within any of the Descriptions aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Ministers, and also the Churchwardens, Elders, and other Parochial Officers in evenr Parish, shall and they are hereby required to aid and assist, by every lawful Means in their Power, the said Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, Schoolmasters, and other Officers, in making out the Lifts so as aforesaid required to be returned by them to the Deputy Lieutenants in their respective Subdivisions, and in dividing and classing the Men therein returned, according to the Directions of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whose Name shall be inserted in any List in pursuance of this Act shall think himself aggrieved thereby, or shall claim to be enrolled in any other Class, or to be wholly exempted from Military Service under this Act, it shall be lawful for such Person, and he is hereby required to appeal to such first Subdivision Meeting as aforesaid appointed to be held for hearing such Appeals, and any two or more of the said Deputy Lieutenants are hereby empowered and required to hear and determine all such Appeals; and all such Appeals shall be then heard and determined, and shall be final, in like Manner as in the fiud recited Acts relating to the Militia is directed in Cases of Appeals made in pursuance thereof.

XV. And be it enacted, That on the Days and at the Places so respectively appointed as aforesaid for the Returns of the said Lifts, the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, Schoolmasters, or other Officers respectively, shall attend and verify the said Returns on Oath, and the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, assembled at their respective Subdivisions, shall, after hearing any Appeals or Claims of Exemption, di-re& such Lifts to be amended as the Case shall require, and the Names of any Persons that shall have been omitted to be inserted therein; and after amending the said Lifts according to this Act, shall prepare a Roll of the Names and Descriptions of all the Men returned in the several Parishes within their respective Subdivisions, in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (C.), and if necessary for the Purposes of this Act appoint the Times and Places of their second Meetings within their respective Subdivisions, and shall return to the Clerk of the General Meetings, for the Use of the General. Meetings, certified Copies under their Hands of the said Subdivision Rolls, and the same shall be filed and kept by the Clerk for the Use of the General Meetings; and the Deputy Lieutenants shall, in their respective Subdivisions, cause the Rolls made under this Act to be carefully filed andpreserved in the Custody of the Clerk of the Subdivision Meetings, who shall be and is hereby made responsible for the safe Custody thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall by Gratuity, Gift, or Reward, or by Promise thereof, or by any Indemnification, or by Menaces or otherwise, endeavour to prevail on any Chief Constable, Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, Schoolmaster, or other Officer, to make a false Return of any List for any Parish, or to erase or leave out of any such Lift the Name of any Person who ought to be returned therein,

Sr such PeTfon shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds; and if any Person shall ie to tell his Christian and Surname, or shall falsely tell a Christian or Surname, pretending the same to be his true Christian or Surname, or shall refuse to tell the Christian or Surname of any Man lodging or residing within his or her House, or shall knowingly tell any false Name, pretending ft to be the true Name of any such Person, to any Constable, Tythingman, Schoolmaster, or other Officer authorized by this Act to demand the lame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants within any Subdivision, or any two or more of them, from Time to Time to issue their Order or Warrant under their Hands and Seals, requiring the Attendance of the Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, Schoolmaster, or other Officer in any Parish within such Subdivision, at such Time and Place as-in such Order or Warrant shall be expressed; and if such Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, Schoolmaster, or other Officer, shall refuse or neglect to appear according to such Order or Warrant, or if any Chief Constable, or any Officer of any Hundred, or any Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, Schoolmaster, or other Officer of any Parish, shall refuse or neglect to return any such Lift as before directed, or to comply with such Orders and Directions as he shall from Time to Time receive from the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, in pursuance of this Act, or shall, in making such Return be guilty of any Fraud or wilful Partiality, or gross Neglect of Duty, the said Deputy 43 Geo. III. 6 E Lieut cnauts,

Exemptions of Judges* & c.

Exemptions of infirm Persons, Clergymen*. Officers, Volunteers, See. [See also c.izo,

U]

Ministers,

Churchwardens, Sec. shall assist in making out Lifts.

F«r*>ns aggrieved may appeal to the first Subdivision Meeting, whose Determination shall be final.

Constables, See* shall attend and verify Lilts on Oath, and Deputy Lieutena; is shall amend Lifts, and prepare Roll', in the Form in Schedule (C.), and return certified Copies to Clerk of General Meetings, Sec,

Penalty for endeavouring to prevail on Constables, &c. to make false Returns, 50l. for relufing to tel! Names, StC? 1 cl.

Deputy Lieutenants mav require Attendance of Constables, 5cc.; and if they neglect to appear, See, may commit them to Gaol, or fine them from 20l. to 40s.

94-6

General Meetings may order the Manner of delivering Warrants to Chief Constables, Sec. and the reasonable Expences incurred (Kail be paid, on Certificate from two Deputy Lieutenants.

Delivery of Warrant at the Place of Abode of any Chief Constable, See. good Service. Two Justices may appoint Deputies to Quakers, as Constables, &c. for carrying this Act into Execution, who shall be entitled to an Allowance for their Pains, which may be levied as under recited Acts on Quakers.

Two or more Places and Lifts for them may be added together, and the Con (tables, Sec. shall act together as if Officers of the same Parish, and shall meet in the Parish first named in the Order, and any Di (agreement between them shall be determined at the Subdivision Meeting.

Penalty on Constables, See. neglecting to perform Orders, Sec. 5l. to tool* or 3 Months* ImpiiibjuaMt.

C. 96. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to commit the Person so offending to the Common Gaol, there to be kept without Bad or Mainprize for the Space of one Month, or at their Discretion to fine such Person in any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds nor less than forty Shillings.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant or the Deputy Lieutenants of any County acting in his Absence at any General Meeting of Lieutenancy for such County, whether the lame shall be holden for the Purposes of any of the said recited Acts, or of either of the said Acts of the present Session of Parliament, for enabling his Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble an additional Military Force, or for the Purposes of this Act, to order and direct in what Manner the Orders or Warrants which shall at any Time or Times be issued by such Lieutenant or any such Deputy Lieutenants at any General Meetings of Lieutenancy, or by any Deputy Lieutenants at any Subdivision Meetings for such County, to any Chief Constables, Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, Schoolmasters, or other Officers in any Parish, by virtue or for any of the Purposes of the said Acts respectively, or of this Act, shall be delivered to such Chief Constables, Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, Schoolmasters, or other Officers respectively, and all reasonable Expencea which shall from Time to Time be incurred in the Delivery of such Orders or Warrants shall, under the Order of any two or more Deputy Lieutenants of such County certifying the Amount of such Expences, be paid in England by the Treasurer for the County out of the County Rates, and such Treasurer shall be allowed the same in his Accounts, and in Scotland such Expences shall be included in the Accounts directed to be transmitted to the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, and shall be paid in the Manner directed by the said recited Act for establishing a Militia Force in Scotland.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Delivery of any such Order or Warrant so as aforesaid to be issued to any Chief Constable, Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, Schoolmaster, or other Officer in any Parish to any Servant or Member of his Family, or left at the usual Place of Abode of such Chief Constable, Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, Schoolmaster, or other Officer, shall be deemed as good and sufficient Service thereof as if he was personally served therewith.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Chief or other Constable, or Headborough, Tythingman, Schoolmaster, Overseer, or other Officer required to ad in the Execution of this Act, shall be of the People called Quakers, (and certified to be so by two Persons of the People called Quakers, ) and shall ne-gled or refuse to perform the Duties required by this Act, it shall be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace acting within the Division within which such Quaker shall be such Officer as aforesaid, and they are hereby required in all Cases where the Circumstances of the Case shall in their Judgment render it expedient and necessery for the due Execution of the Provisions of this Act, by their Order under their Hands and Seals, to appoint a fit and proper Person to be Deputy to such Quaker, for the Purpose only of carrying this Act into Execution; and every Person so appointed Deputy (halt (if he shall require the fame) be entitled to have and receive from such Quaker such Sum of Money for his Care and Pains therein, not exceeding ten Pounds, as to( such Justices shall seem adequate, to be leviea (in case such Quaker shall neglect to pay the same) in like Manner as any Money may be levied on Quakers under the said recited Acts, or any of them, or this Act 3 and such Deputy as aforesaid mall have and exercise all the Powers, Authorities, and Jurisdictions, given by this Act to such Officer for whom he shall so ad, and shall do and perform all the like Duties and Offices, under the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are hereby imposed for Neglect of Duty upon any such Officer as aforesaid, in like Manner in every Respect a9 the Person for whom he shall so ad; and where an Appointment of any Deputy shall be so made, the principal Chief or other Constable, Headborough, Tythingman, Schoolmaster, or Overseer or other Officer as aforesaid (being one of the People called Quakers) mall be and he is hereby discharged from any Duty required of him by this Act, and from all Penalties incurred for Neglect thereof at the Time of such Appointment.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants, at their Subdivision Meetings, to add together, whenever they shall think it necessary, any two or more Parishes, or to add any extra-parochial Place or Places to any Parish or Parishes adjoining thereto, for the Purposes of this Act, and also to add together the Lists of such Parishes; and where any Parishes so added together shall lie in different Hundreds or Districts within the same County, to direct in what Hundred or District the same shall be considered for the Purposes of this Act $ and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall proceed upon the Lifts so added together, in like Manner as if they had been originally returned for one Parish, or for the Parish to which any extra-parochial Place shall have been added as aforesaid; and the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, Schoolmasters, or other Officers in Parishes so added together, shall act together in the Execution of this Act as if they were respectively Officers in one and the same Parish; and all such Constables, Tything-men, Headboroughs, Schoolmaster, and Officers so as aforesaid ?iding together by virtue of this Act, shall hold their Meetings under this Act in the Parish which shall be named first in such Order of Deputy Lieutenants; and if any Difference or Disagreement shall arise between fufch Officers in any Parish, or between such Officers of different Parishes, touching the Execution of this Act, the Deputy Lieutenants acting in and for the Subdivision where such Difference or Disagreement shall happen, shall and they are hereby authorized, at any Subdivision Meeting, to hear' and determine the fame, and make such Order therein for the better Execution of this Act as to them shall seem meet, and such Orders shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatever, without being subj^d to Review, Question, or Alteration of any Kind.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Constable, Headborough, Tythingman, or School-master, or other inferior Officer, or any Churchwarden or other Person, shall disobey or neglect to perform any Orders which shall be issued in purfance of this Act, or shall obstruct or hinder the Execution thereof, either, in the making out or Formation of any Lifts hereby required to be made out, or shall refuse or neglect to appear before any Deputy Lieutenant when summoned, every such Person, upon Conviction of such Offence before any Justice of the Peace of the County where the Offence, shall be committed! shall forfeit and pay not

W»

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 96.

947

Clerk of Sub-division Meetings shall transmit to Clerk of the General Meetings Copies

less than five Poundsnd not exceeding one hundred Pounds, at the Discretion of such Justice $ and on Default of immediate Payment, such Justice is hereby required to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County where the Offence shall be committed, for any Time not exceeding three Months.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of all Subdivision Meetings shall, within three Days after every Subdivision Meeting, transmit to the Clerk of the General Meetings for the County wherein such Subdivision shall be situate, fair and true Copies of such Rolls as shall be signed at such Subdivision Meeting; and if any such Clerk shall omit or neglect to make such Return as aforesaid within such Period as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully make any false Return, such Clerk shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds of Rolls, on Penalty for Neglea, &c. sol,

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks to the General Meetings of Lieutenancy in the several Clerks of Gene-

Counties shall, and they are hereby required to transmit to one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of ral Meeting* State, annually, as soon after the Return of the Subdivision Rolls under this Act shall have been made to thehaHn«iiaHir General Meetings as the same can be done, accurate Abstracts of such Returns in the Form in the Schedule

to this Act annexed, marked (D.), of the Number of Persons between the Ages of seventeen and fifty-five state Abstract

Years, distinguishing, according to the Classes herein-before directed, the Number of Men fit and liable to of Returns in-^Military Service under this Act in the several Subdivisions to which they respectively belong, and also the lhc Form in Number of Men therein exempt from Military Service under any of the before-mentioned Descriptions in p^ftul this Act; and if any such Clerk shall omit or neglect to make such Return to his Majesty's Secretary of NcgksJt,

State within seven Days after the General Meeting of Lieutenancy of the County to which he shall belong at 100L which the Returns of Subdivision Rolls as aforesaid shall have been laid before such Meeting, or shall knowingly or wilfully make any false Return, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty from Time to Time, to order

and direct that any Parishes in Great Britain shall be provided and supplied with such necessary Arms and Accoutrements, in order to the Instructidu of the Men enrolled for Military Service under this Act within the same, as to his Majesty shall seem expedient, and under such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as his Majesty shall communicate through one of his Principal Secretaries of State to the Lieutenant or Deputy coutrementi. Lieutenants of any County; which Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, such Lieutenant or Deputy Lieu- which shall be tenants respectively are hereby required to obey and carry into full Effect; and such Arms and Accoutrements as the

shall be kept in the Church or Chancel in every such Parish, or in such other safe and convenient House or Place within the Parish as the Lieutenant or any Deputy Lieutenants of the Subdivision wherein such Parish shall be situated shall direct, under the Custody and Care of the Churchwardens, Elders, Constables, Schoolmasters, and other Parochial Officers thereof, who are hereby authorized and required to take the Care and Custody of the same; and such Churchwardens, Elders, Constables, Schoolmasters, or other Persons having the Care^.

of such Arms and Accoutrements, are hereby required to observe and obey all such Orders and Directions PxtraparocAial as they may from Time to Time receive from such Lieutenant, or any three or more of the Deputy Lieu- Places, c. 10. tenants of such County, respecting the Custody and Care thereof, or the Removal thereof to any other §13-]

Place; and in case any such Churchwarden, Elder, Constable, Schoolmaster, or other such Person having the Custody or Care of such Arms and Accoutrements, shall refuse or neglect to obey such Orders and Directions respecting the same as aforesaid, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding % fifty Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Expence which shall or may be incurred in placing and keeping Expence of such Arms and Accoutrements, and in maintaining them clean and in proper Order and Condition, shall, keeping Anns, be paid and borne by the Parish or united Parishes for which the same shall be so provided as aforesaid; and flu11 it mall be lawful for any two or more Deputy Lieutenants of the Subdivision in which such Parish shall be situated, and they, or any of them, are hereby authorized and required, once in every Year at the lead, to view such Arms and Accoutrements, for the Purpose of ascertaining the State and Condition thereof; and it shall be lawful for any two or more such Deputy Lieutenants, or for any such Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, to make such Order for the Payment of such Expences as they shall think fit, and if necessary to direct a Rate to be made in England upon such Parish for that Purpose, which shall be made, raised, and levied in like Manner as any Rate made for the Relief of the Poor; and in Scotland to direct an Assessment to be made upon such Parish for that Purpose, in like Manner as is directed by an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, S.In Act for providing Relief for the Families of Militia Men in Scotland, when called out into actual Service.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by any Order communicated by one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to order and direct the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants of any County to cause the Persons comprized in the first, second, and third Classes of Persons enrolled for Military Service under this Act, or any or either of them, in the respective Paridies of such County, or any of them, to be trained and exercised in the Use of Arms, as to his Majesty shall seem expedient; and the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants to whom any such Order shall be directed, shall thereupon forthwith order and direct the Deputy Lieutenants of the respective Subdivisions of such County in which any such Parishes shall be situate, to regulate the Times and Places of Exercise for such Parishes respectively; and such Deputy Lieutenants shall cause such Men to be trained and exercised two Hours at the least on each and every Sunday, either before or after Divine Service, or on some other convenient Day in the Week, in England, or on any convenient Day in the Week to be appointed in Scotland, between the twenty-fifth Day of March and the twenty-fifth Day of December in every Year, and cause publick Notice of such Times and Places of Exercise-and Training, to be given in the Churches or Chapels oi the respective Parishes during

6 E 2 Divine

His Majesty v may diie&any Parishes Co be provided with Arms and Ac-

Lieutenant or Deputy Lieu* tenants shall direct, under the Care of the Churchwarden*

Penaltyn Churchwarden*, Sec. for Ntglc&,

50L

paid by the Parish.

Deputy Lieut* nants shall view them annually, and make Orders for Pay-, merit of Expence*.

His Majesty may order ill* first, second, and third Classes

[/' $ Io0 to betrained, and the Deputy Lieutenants shall regulate the Time and Place of Exercise, and ause Notice to be given in the Church, during Divine Serv ice, and affixed on the Door*, if*

Ill

948 C. 96. 43° GEORGII

A.D. 1803.

Till 15th Dec. 1X03, his Majesty may order the said Classes to be trained for such Number of Diys in Succession, as the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants shall deem most ex-

His Majesty may, before the Subdivision Rolls are returned, signify to the Lieutenant what Number of Persons com prized in the said Classes shall be trained; and if found to amount to or exceed the Number upon the Rolls, the Whole shall be so trained, and if less, the Number to be trained shall be chofon by Ballot, l&e §5*.]

Liedtenant may appoint Officers, and the Captain snay appoint the Non-commis-(ioned Officers and Drummers of his Company. [See $ 9. of

120.]

Rank of Officers.

His Majesty may order Officers to be deflated.

Deputy Lieutenants may unite Parishes for forming Companies.

Deputy Lieutenants 01 Captains may employ Out-Pets-£t>ners, Sec, to Haw the Men, at an Allowance

Divine Service, and to be affixed on the Doors of such Churches or Chapels, and in the Market Places (if any), or if there shall be no Church, Chapel, or Market Place, ^hcn on some other convenient and conspicuous Place; and it shall also be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants in their respective Subdivisions, in any Cases in which they may deem it expedient for the more speedily and effectually carrying into Execution the Provisions of this Act, to order and direct that such Men shall be exercised on any other additional Day or Days in the Week, having due Regard, in the Regulation of the Times and Places appointed for Exercise and Training on such other Day or Days, to the general Occupations of the Persons to be exercised and trained, so as to interfere as little as may be with such Occupations.

XXVIII. 4 And whereas it may be expedient during the present Emergency, that the Men liable to be*trained and exercised under this Act, should be so trained and exercised as speedily as possible be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by any such Order to be communicated as aforesaid, tp order and direct, that such Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants in any County as aforesaid, shall, at such Time or Times, after the passing of this Act and until the twenty fifth Day of December next, as he or they shall think fit, cause the Persons comprized in such first, second, and third Classes of Persons enrolled for Military Service under this Act, or any Proportion of the same, to be trained and exercised in the Manner thereby directed, for such Number of Days in Succession, or for any three or more successive Days in the Course of different Weeks (not being in the Whole less than fourteen or more than twenty Days) as such Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants shall deem most expedient for speedily and effectually carrying into Execution the Provisions of this Act, having Regard, as far as is confident with that Object, to the local Circumstances of such County, or of any Subdivision or District therein, and to the Seasons most important to the Course of Industry and Cultivation within the same, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, at any Time after the passing of this Act and before the Subdivision Rolls shall be returned in pursuance thereof as aforesaid, to signify to the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants acting fn his Absence for any County, what Number of Persons to be comprized in the three first Classes of Persons to be enrolled for' Military Service under this Act his Majesty may deem it expedient to cause to be trained and exercised within such County or within any Subdivisions thereof; and if the Number so signified shall afterwards, upon the Return of the respective Subdivision Rolls, be found to amount unto or to exceed the whole Number of Men which shall appear by such Subdivision Rolls to be actually comprized within the said Classes respectively in such County or any such Subdivisions thereof^ then and in such Case the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants acting in nis ^Absence for such County shall thereupon forthwith order and direct the whole Number of Men comprized in such Classes respectively to be trained and exercised in the Manner directed by this Act; and if the Number of Men so signified shall, upoa the Return of such Subdivision Rolls, be found to be less than the Number which shall appear by such Roll* to be actually comprized within such Classes respectively in such County or any such Subdivisions thereof, then and in such Case such Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants shall thereupon forthwith order and direct such Proportion only of the Number of Men comprized in such Classes respectively, to be trained and exercised as aforesaid as shall in the Whole amount (as nearly as may be) to the Number so signified by his Majesty; and the respective Deputy Lieutenants within their respective Subdivisions shall, within seven Day9 after such Proportions of Men to be trained and exercised in such Subdivisions respectively shall be ascertained, fix in like Manner the Number of Men to be trained and exercised within each Parish theftof conformably and as near as may be to the said Proportion $ and in every such Case, the Men to be trained and exercised in each Parish shall be chosen out of the whole Number of Men in such Parish by Ballot, in the Manner directed by this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of any County, or three or more Deputy Lieutenants acting in his Absence, to appoint fit and proper Persons to be Officers, for the Purpose of training and disciplining such of the Persons returned and enrolled for Military Service under this Act, as mall be comprized in the Class or Classes of Persons so returned, and ordered to be trained and exercised as aforesaid, not exceeding the Proportion of one Captain, two Lieutenants, and one Ensign, for every one Hundred and twenty Men; and it (half be lawful for the Captain of each Company to appoint fit and proper Persons to be Non-commissioned Officers, not exceeding the Proportion of three Serjeants, three Corporals, and one Drummer, for every one hundred and twenty Men; and such Officers so appointed shall rank with Officers of Militia of the youngest of their Rank: Provided always, that no Officer of any higher or other Rank than such as is herein-before enumerated shall be appointed for the Purpose aforesaid: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for his Majesty whenever he shall think fit, to direct that any Officer or Officers appointed for such Purposes as aforesaid shall be removed or displaced, and that such Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants shall appoint any other fit and proper Person or Persons resident is such Parish in his or their Room.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants acting in and for any Subdivision to unite any neighbouring Parishes, in any Case in which it may appear to them necessary and expedient for the Purpose of forming the Men enrolled for Military Service therein respectively into such Companies as aforesaid; and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant, or any three or more Deputy Lieutenants acting in his Absence, for the County wherein such Parishes respectively shall be situate, to appoint such Number of Officers as aforementioned to such Companies respectively, in such Manner as may appear most expedient and proper, according to the respective Numbers of Men enrolled for Military Service in such Parishes respectively.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants of any Subdivisions, or for the Captains or other Commanding Officers of any such Companies of Men in any Parish or Parishes, to agree with and employ any Serjeant or other Person, being an Out-renfioner on the Establishment of Chelsea or Kilnuunham Hospitals, or any other fit Person having served in any of his Majesty's Forces, whether in Regulars, Marines, Militia, or Fencibles, or in any Volunteer Corps, for the Purpose of uftrufting the Persons in such

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 96.

Parish or Parishes liable to be trained and exercised under the Directions of this A A in the Use of Arms, and to allow to such Person any Sum not exceeding two Shillings and Sixpence per Day for every Day of his Attendance at such Exercise and Training, to be paid in England by the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor out of the Poor's Rate of such Parish or Parishes, upon any Order signed by any Deputy Lieutenant or by one Justice of the Peace; and cvenr Overseer refilling or neglecting on Demand to pay any such Allowance shall forfeit Double the Amount of the Sum specified in such Order; and to be paid in Scotland by the Collector of the Ceft in each County or Stewartry respectively, upon such Order, and all such Sums so'to be paid by any Collector in Scotlandihall be made good and replaced by an Assessment upon each Parish, to be made, raised, and levied, in the Manner directed by the said recited Act for providing Relief for the Families of Militia Men in Scotland\

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That one of the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers, as the Case may be, shall, in every Parish, duly attend at the Times and Places appointed for such Training and Exercise as aforesaid, unless prevented by Sickness or other unavoidable Accident, to be proved to the Satisfaction of any two of the Deputy Lieutenants of the Subdivision wherein such Parish or Parishes shall befituate; and every such Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer, who shall conduct himself in the Discharge of his said Duty to the Satisfaction of the Deputy Lieutenants of such Subdivision shall be entitled at the End of each Year, or on his going out of Office, to such reasonable Reward, not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds, for his Pains and Trouble therein, as the Deputy Lieutenants of such Subdivision assembled at any Meeting shall deem adequate thereto, and shall certify under their Hands, the same to be paid in England out of the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish or Parishes; and in Scotland, in the Manner in which Schoolmasters are directed to be paid by the said recited Act for raising and establishing a Militia Force in Scotland; and if any such Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer, shall neglect or refuse, in his Turn or Succession of Duty, to attend at such Times and Places of Training and Exercise as aforesaid, unless prevented by Illness or other unavoidable Accident, to be proved as aforesaid, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings for every Day on which he shall so refuse or neglect to attend.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That orvthe Days appointed for Training and Exercise under this Act, the Commanding Officer of the Men in any Parish or United Parishes if present, or in his Absence the Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer present at such Meeting, shall call the Muster Roll of the Men enrolled in such Parish or United Parishes, and mark the Persona present at such Training and Exercise, and also the Names of all Absentees and Defaulters; and the Person calling such Muster Roll shall thereupon sign the same so marked, and certify the same to be a true and correct Account of the Persons present at such Training and Exercise, and also of the Absentees.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person comprized in such Class or-Classes of Persons so ordered to be trained and exercised as aforesaid, whole Dwelling or Place of ResidencC shall not be more than four Miles from the Place of Training and Exercise, shall refuse or neglect to attend at the Time and Place so appointed for the Purpose of being trained and exercised as aforesaid, unless prevented by Illness or other unavoidable Accident, to be proved \o the Satisfaction of any Deputy Lieutenant or of the Commanding Officer, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings for every such Day on which he shall so neglect or refuse to attend as aforesaid: Provided always, that in England all Persons being excused from the Payment of the Poor's Rates by reason of Poverty, or belonging to any Family excused from the Payment of Poor's Rates by Reason of Poverty, and in Scotland all Persons exempted from the House and Window Duty, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one Shilling only for every such Non-attendance at such Training and Exercise as aforesaid, in lieu of the Sum of five Shillings as aforesaid: Provided also, that if any Person, not being prevented by Sicknefa or other unavoidable Accident (to be proved as aforesaid) shall refuse or neglect to attend at such Tim& and Places of Training and Exercise as aforesaid, for any three successive Days appointed for that Purpose, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings in lieu of such five Shillings, and of five Shillings in lieu of such one Shilling as aforesaid, for every subsequent Non-attendance, until he shall again attend.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Person who shall have been absent at any Time or Times from the Parish for which he shall be enrolled, and in which he shall be liable to be trained and exercised as aforesaid, shall, upon his Return to such Parish, produce to the Commanding Officer, or the Constable, Schoolmaster, or other proper Officer thereof, a Certificate from the Commanding Officer, or Constable, or Schoolmaster, or other proper Officer of any other Parish or Parishes wherein he may during such Absence have been resident^ that he hath to the Satisfaction of such Commanding Officer, Constable, Schoolmaster, or other proper Officer, attended in such other Parish or Parishes at the Times and Places appointed for training and exercising therein, every such Person obtaining and producing such Certificate as aforesaid, upon his Return to the Parish for which he shall be so enrolled, to the Commanding Officer, Constable, Schoolmaster, or other proper Officer thereof, shall be discharged from all Fines, to which he would during such Absence have been liable under this Act, for Non-attendance at the Times and Places of Training and Exercise in such Parish for which he shall be so enrolled as aforesaid.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case his Majesty shall think fit to order any such extraordinary Training and Exercise within any County or Parish as aforesaid, every Person attending and present upon that Occasion, provided such Training and Exercise, or the assembling for the Purposes of the same, shall be within the usual Hours of Labour, and marked as so present and attending in such Muster Roll as aforesaid, who shall earn his Livelihood by daily Labour only, shall in England be entitled to and receive (if he shall require the fame) from the Overseef of the Poor of the Parish, and in Scotland from the Treasurer of the Kirk Session of such Parish, on Sight and Examination of the Muster Roll so signed and certified as aforesaid, and ascertaining thereby the Attendance of the Person entitled to such Pay, the Sum of one Shilling for each Attendance and Exercise as aforesaid 5 such Money to be paid in England by such Overseer out of any Rate made in such Parish for the Relief of the Poor, or out of a Rate made for the Purpose, if he shall have no Money

in

949

of not more than 2s. 6d. per Day.

[ So us to Volunteers, C. I 20.

Penalty on Ove: seers for not paying such Allowances.

43 G. 3. c.S9.J

One Constable, See. in every Pa. ilh shall attend at the Exercise, for which he shall have an Allowance.

Penalty far

NegltA.

On the Days of Exercise, the Muller Rolls shall be called, and the Names of Defaulters marked, Sec.

Persons not re-tiding more than 4 MHes from the Place of Exercise, who shall not attend, shall forfeit 5s.; buithofeexcufed from the Poor Rates; Sec. only is.; and if they neglect for 3 succesTive Days, a larger Penalty.

Any Person absent from the Parish in which enrolled, wh# shall produce a Certificate of his having attended the Exercise in any other Parish, shall not be liable to Fine.

[See as to Per-Jbtu removing, c. 120. §4 — 7.3

When hb Majesty shall order extraordinary Training {fee §5 ), if within the Hours of Labour, Person* earning their Livelihood by daily Labour shall be entitled to IS. for ear h» Attendance, Jcc.

95°

Penalty on Persons, during Exercise, not conducing thera-selves decently, or not obeying their Officers, 5S*» &c-Persons who -have religious Scruples shall be excufod from Attendance on Sundays, if they attend on any other Day appointed in lieu thereof, Sec.

Pines shall be levied by Warrant of any Justiceef the Pea&e.

Persont obtaining a Certificate from the Captain, of their Proficiency, being allowed by Deputy Lieutenants, shall be excused from further Attend* ance.

Muskets shall be marked. Penalty on Persons not redelivering, or felling, pawning, losing, See. any Arms or Accoutrements, 40s. or Imprisonment. Penalty for buying, Sec. such Arms or Accoutrements, iol. or Jxnprisonment#

In case of lava-lion, or Appearance of the 'Enemy upon the Coast, his Majesty shall order all Persons enrolled under

C. 96. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

in Kia Hands of such Rates; and in Scotland the Collector of the Cess of each County shall impress Money into the Hands of the said Kirk Treasurers respectively, who shall account for the same by producing to such Collector the said Muster Roll so figped and certified as aforesaid, and paying any Balance which may remain in their Hands of any such Monies so impressed as aforesaid; and all such Sums so paid shall be allowed in the Account of such Collector, on Production of such Muster Roll so signed and certified as aforesaid; and all such Sums so paid by any Overseer in England shall be reimbursed by the Receiver General of the County at the End of every Month, upon an Account dated, examined, and allowed, on Inspection of the Muster Rolls so tigned as aforesaid, and certified under the Hands of any two Deputy Lieutenants, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, acting in the Division of such County, to have been so dated, examined, and allowed as aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall not, during the Times of Training and Exercise, conduct himself in a decent and orderly Manner, or shall not obey the lawful Commands of the Officer or Officers commanding at such Training and Exercise, shall, at the Discretion of any Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace before whom such Misconduct shall be proved by the Officer so commanding, or any other Officer, Constable, or Schoolmaster, authorized by him to make such Complaint, forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding five Shillings, or on Non-payment thereof, be iipprisoned at the Discretion of such Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace for any Time not exceeding one Week.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where in England any Person or Persons many Parish shall have religious Scruples in regard to being trained and exercised on Sundays, and shall make Oath thereof before any Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace (which Oath such Deputy Lieutenant and Justice of the Peace respectively are hereby empowered to administer), all and every such Persons and Person shall be excused from being trained and exercised on Sundays, and from-all Pines by this Act imposed for Non-attendance at such Training and Exercise; provided such Persons shall duly attend to be trained and exercised on such other Day in the Week as shall be appointed by the Deputy Lieutenants of the Subdivision wherein such Parish shall be situate, in lieu of Sunday for that Purpose, under and subject to all such Fines and Penalties for Non-attendance and Misbehaviour at such Training and Exercise, as are by this Act imposed in like Cases on any other Days of Training and Exercise: Provided also, that no such Persons being so trained and exercised on any other Day in the Week in lieu of Sunday, on account of such religious Scruples as aforesaid, shall be excused from being trained and exercised on such and so many other Days in the Week, not being any of them a Sunday, as may be appointed for training and exercising in such Parish: Provided also, that no such Person or Persons who shall be so excused from being trained and exercised on Sunday as aforesaid, shall be entitled to receive any Sum of Money under this Act for being trained and exercised bn such other Day in the Week as shall be appointed in lieu thereof.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all such Fines and Forfeitures for any such Non-attendance or c as aforesaid, either by any Constable or other Person or Persons, shall be raised and levied by Warrant of any one Justice of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Persons incurring the fame, rendering the Overplus to the Owner or Owners, after Payment of the Charges of such Distress and Sale.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Captain or other Officer commanding any Company of Men enrolled for Military Service under this Act, to grant a Certificate to any Person serving in his Company, who, by diligent and regular Attendance at the appointed Times and Places of Training and Exercise during the Space of twelve Calendar Months at the lead, shall have entitled himself thereto, that he hath attained a due Degree of Skill and Proficiency in the Use of Arms; and upon such Certificate being allowed and approved by any Deputy Lieutenant of the Subdivision, the Person receiving such Certificate, so allowed and approved as aforesaid, shall from thenceforth be wholly excused from all further Attendance at such Time and Place of Training and Exercise as aforesaid*, and be discharged from all Fines hereby imposed for Non-attendance at the same.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all Muskets delivered for the Purpose of training and exercising the Men enrolled for Military Service under this Act, shall be marked distinctly in feme viable Place with the Letters (G. R.); and in case any Man shall not re-deliver to the Person having the Custody of such Arms, or duly replace the same in the Place assigned for the keeping thereof after Exercise, or shall fell, pawn, or lose any Arms or Accoutrements delivered to him, or shall wilfully damage any such Arms, every such Man shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding forty Shillings; and if such Man shall not immediately pay such Penalty, the Justice of the Peace before whom he shall be convicted shall commit him to any Gaol or the House of Correction, to be kept to hard Labour for any Tiifte not exceeding one Month, or until he shall have paid the said Penalty.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully buy, take in Exchange, or conceal, any Arms or Accoutrements so delivered for the training and exercising of Persons enrolled for Military Service under this Act, the Person so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds; and if such Offender shall not immediately pay such Penalty, and shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon to levy such Penalty, the Justice before whom he or she shall be convicted shall commit him or her to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of three Months, or until he or she shall have paid the said Fine.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of actual Invasion, or on the Appearance of the Enemy in Force upon the Coast, his Majesty shall order and direct the Lieutenants Counties, oh on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence from their respective Counties of any of them, then any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, to draw out, assemble, and embody, all the Men enrolled for Military Service under this Act, within their respective Counties, whether they shall belong to the first or any other Clas9 (other than and except such as are herein-before exempted from Military Service under this Act, for such Time as they shall

continue

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 96.

95*

this Act to be embodied, and placed in exiting Regiments, or formed into new Corps, and 10 be led into any Part of Great Britain, and while embodied they shall! be subject to the.' Mutiny Laws.

continue so exempt), or so many of them, or such Part or Proportion of them, or any of them, at his Majesty shall in his Wisdom judge necessary, and in such Manner as shall be bed adapted to the Circumstances of the Danger; and to cause such Men, or any of them, to be placed in such of the existing Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, whether of Regulars, Militia, or Fencibles, as may from Time to Time be appointed to serve in threat Britain, or formed into such new Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, as his Majesty shall judge necessary, and to put the said Forces under the Command of such General or other Officers as his Majesty shall be pleased to appoint, and to direct all or any of the said Men so drawn out, assembled, or embodied as aforesaid, to be led into any Part of Great Britain, for the repelling and Prevention of any such Invasion, or for the Suppression of any Rebellion or Insurrection within Great Britain arising or existing at the Time of any such Invasion; and from the Time of any Men being so drawn out, assembled, and embodied as aforesaid, until they shall be returned again to their own Counties, and disembodied by his Majesty's Order, the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers,

Drummers, and Private Men, so drawn out, assembled, and embodied, shall be subject to all the Provisions contained in any Act of Parliament which shall be then in Force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the Articles of War made in pursuance thereof; and all the Provisions contained in every such Act and Articles of War shall be in Force with respect to them, and shall extend to all the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men, so drawn out and assembled, while embodied as aforesaid, in all Cases whatsoever,

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty shall deem it expedient to order and direct, that the Men enrolled for Military Service under this Act, or any Part, Proportion, or Description of such Men, shall be drawn out, assembled, and embodied under the Provisions of this Act, the Occasion of such Order shall be communicated to Parliament, if Parliament shall be then fitting, as early as the same can be done after the issuing of such Order; and if no Parliament shall be then fitting or in being, then the Occasion of such Order shall be declared in Council, and notified by Proclamation.

XLVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That none of the Persons who shall be so drawn out or embodied by virtue of this Act shall be compellable or compelled, on any Pretence whatsoever, to serve out of Great Britain.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant of every County, or on the Death or Removal of any such Lieutenant, or in his Absence from his County, three or more Deputy Lieutenants, to whom any Directions from his Majesty for drawing out, assembling, and embodying any Persons enrolled for Military Service under this Act shall be directed, shall forthwith issue his or their Order, according to the Tenor of his Majesty's Directions in that Behalf, to the Chief Constables or other Officers in England of the several Hundreds within their respective Counties, specifying the Time and Place of assembling, and the Descriptions of Persons to be drawn out and assembled, with Directions to forward the same immediately to the Constables*

Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers of the several Parishes within their respective Hundreds; and in Scotland\ such Order shall be directed to the Schoolmasters or other Officers mentioned in the said recited Act to raise and establish a Militia Force in Scotland; and such Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers, are hereby required, upon Receipt thereof, forthwith to cause, within their respective Parishes,

Proclamations to be made in the most publick Manner of all such Particulars as aforesaid, and also to affix Notices thereof on the Doors of the Churches, Chapels, and on the Market Places and other publick. Build* ings, and other conspicuous Places. affixed on ibe Church Doors,

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, although no Invasion shall His Majesty have taken place, and before any Enemy shall appear in Force upon the Coast, to give provisional Orders from Time to Time, to the Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants of any of the Counties of Great Britain, in relation to the drawing out, assembling, and embodying the Men enrolled under this Act in such Counties, or any Part, Proportion, or Description of the said several Classes of the Men so enrolled, in the Event of any such Invasion or Appearance of the Enemy in Force upon the Coast; and all such provisional Orders of his Majesty shall be as valid and effectual, and shall be obeyed, observed, and performed in the same Manner in all Respects, until any further or other Orders shall be given by his Majesty in that Behalf, as if the same had been issued" and given at the Time of any such Invasion or Appearance of the Enemy upon the Coast.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants acting in his Absence, in- Lieutenants, every County, may and shall as soon as may be after the passing of this Act, with the Approbation of his Majesty, ascertain and fix upon, and give public Notice of proper Places of Assembly within their respective Counties, and also of proper general Signals for drawing out and assembling the Men enrolled for Military Service under this Act, in case of Invasion or the Appearance of any Enemy in Force upon the Coast, either by firing of Guns, or by Flags, Beacons, Rockets, or otherwise, as shall appear most expedient and bed adapted to the Nature of the Coiintry, and most effectual for the giving immediate Notice therein of any such Invasion or Appearance of an Enemy upon the Coast as aforesaid.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person so ordered to be drawn out, assembled, and embodied as aforesaid, not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him from Military Service, and not prevented by any inevitable Accident or Necessity, shall not appear and march in pursuance of such Order, or upon the making of any such general Signals of Alarm as aforesaid, every such Man (hah be liable to be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, according to the Provisions of any Act which shall be then in Force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and of the Articles of War made in pursuance of the Came; and if any Person shall harbour and conceal any such Man, bouring them when ordered to be embodied as aforesaid, knowing him to be enrolled under this Act, every such Person, shall, i1*11<«fe»uooL for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person who shall be enrolled for Military*Pfrrfons repair-Service under this Act fiiaD, at the Time of the drawing out, assembling* and embodying, of the Persons in*on Hwie-

liable Uck* aiine*

The Occasion of such embodying shall be communicated to Parliament, It c.

None compellable to serve out of Great Britain*

On such embodying, the Lieutenant shall' issue Orders to* the Chief Constables, tec. spe-eifying the Tims and Place of assembling, tec* to be forwarded to the Constables, 6rc. who shall cause Pro- clamation to be made, and Notices to be

may give ptwvi-fional Orders for embodying* previous to Invasion, &c.

Majesty, shall fix and give Notice of Places of Assembly, and Signals for drawing out the Men, &c.

Persons enrolled.not appearing plufuant to Order or Signal, shall be deemed Defeneis, and Persons har-

952 C. 96.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

1

and accoutred tt their own Expence, stall be appointed to some Corps of Cavalry.

If his Majesty Hull think fit to embody a Part of any of the Clafl*es, (fee % 10.) the Deputy Lieutenants shall cause the Number to be chosen by Ballot (except where the Volunteers shall be sufficient, fee §53, &V.)> and shall previously examine the Gaffes, and proceed to choose the Men as herein di-sedled.

Where Volun-teer Corps are formed, «r where a sufficient Number of Persons between the Age of 17 and 55, engage to serve as Volunteers within Great Britain, his Majesty may suspend the Training of Men uader this Act, &c.

[S«43 3.

C. I20.J

Such Volunteer

Corps, &c. shall be liable to march to any Part of Great Britain on Invasion, Sec. whenfuromon-ed by the Lieutenant of the County, See. but shall not be placed in any Corps of Regulars, &c.

Persons neglecting to march shall be deemed Defeiters, and such Corps, See, shall then be subjdt to the Muiiny Alt.

liable to serve under this Act, in pursuance of any Order of his Majesty as aforesaid, repair on Horseback to the Place of such Meeting, properly mounted, armed, and accoutred, at his own Expence, in order to serve in any Corps of Cavalry as a Dragoon, every such Person shall be entitled and appointed to serve in some Regiment or Corps of Cavalry, to be formed of Persons of a similar Description, and shall not be compelled tq serve in any Regiment or Corps of Infantry.

LII. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty shall think fit to draw out, assemble, and embody a Part or Proportion only of any one or more of the said Classes of Men enrolled for Military Sendee in any County, the Deputy Lieutenants, in their respective Subdivisions within such County, shall, immediately upon the Communication of his Majesty's Order in that Behalf, cause the Part or Proportion of Men (0 ordered to be drawn out, assembled, and embodied as aforesaid, to be chosen by Ballot, in case the same shall be necessary, out of the respective Classes returned for every Parish within their several Subdivisions, unless in Cases where the Number of Volunteers for Service under this Act shall be sufficient for the Purpose; and such Deputy Lieutenants shall, before they shall proceed to choose or ballot for the Men who are to form such Part or Proportion, examine the several Classes of Men enrolled for Military Service under this Act. within their fevered Parishes, and in every Case in which the Part or Proportion of the Men ordered to be drawn out, assembled, and embodied in such Subdivisions shall equal the Number of Men contained in such first, or first and second, or other succeeding Classes in their Order, then and in such Case the Men comprized in such Class or Classes, as the Case may be, shall be forthwith drawn out, assembled, and embodied, without any Ballot; and when the Proportion of Men so required as aforesaid shall be less than the Number of Men contained in such first Class, then such Proportion shall be ballotted for out of such Class only, and no other; and when the Proportion so required as aforesaid shall exceed the Number of Men contained in the first, or first and any succeeding Class or Classes in the Order in which they shall so (land as aforesaid, the Deputy Lieutenants shall first choose all die Men in such first Class, or first and next succeeding Class or Classes, untu such Proportion shall be as near as may be completed, and shall then proceed to ballot in Manner directed by this Act for the Remainder of the Proportion so required as aforesaid out of the Class immediately following the last Class that shall have been wholly taken towards making up such Proportion as aforesaid; and the Deputy Lieutenants shall proceed in like Manner for the drawing out, assembling, and embodying of any further Part or Proportion of the said Men, in case any further Part should be afterwards ordered by his Majesty to be drawn out, aflerobled, and embodied.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which any Volunteer Corps shall have been or shall be formed, with the Approbation of his Majesty, in any County, or rarish, or in which any Persons between the Ages of seventeen and fifty-five Years shall engage themselves to serve as Volunteers, whose effective Numbers respectively shall amount to such Proportion of the Number of Men enrolled for Military Service in such County or Parish under this Act as shall appear satisfactory to his Majesty, not being less than three Fourths of the whole Number of Men enrolled for Service in the firm Class of such County or Parish respectively, and such Volunteer Corps or Volunteers aforesaid respectively, shall have agreed or shall agree to be trained and exercised, and to march to any Part of Great Britain for the Defence thereof, in case of aftnal Invasion or the Appearance of an Enemy in Force upon the Coast, and for the Suppression of any Rebellion or Insurrection as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by any Order communicated through one of his Principal Secretaries of State for that Purpose to the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants of such County, to suspend within such County or Parish such of the Provisions of this Act as require the Men enrolled for Military Service under this Act to be trained, exerdfed, drawn out, assembled, or embodied; under and subject nevertheless to such Conditions, as to the Number of effective Men to be constantly existing in such Volunteer Corps, or remaining so engaged to serve as Volunteers under this Act as aforesaid, and -to such other Rules and Regulations as to Exercise, Muster, or Inspection by General or other Officers, as to his Majesty shall seem necessary5 and in case of Failure in Compliance with such Conditions, Rules, and Regulations, or if the Number of such Cores, or of such Volunteers as aforesaid, shall not continue equal to what shall be required in that Behalf, the Men enrolled for Military Service in such County or Panfli shall be subject to all the Provisions of this Act, in the same Manner as if no such Volunteer Corps had been formed, or such Volunteers had not so engaged to serve as aforesaid, or no such Order of his Majesty had been made thereupon.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such Volunteer Corps so formed as aforesaid, and all Persons enrolled therein, and all such Persons engaged to lerve as Volunteers under this Act as aforesaid, shall be liable to march to any Part of Great Britain for the Defence thereof, on any Invasion or upon the Appearance of any Enemy in Force on the Coast, or to suppress any Rebellion or Insurrection arising or existing during any such Invasion, whenever they shall be summoned by the Lieutenant of the County in which they shall be formed, or in consequence of any general Signals of Alarm as aforesaid; and all Persons engaging themselves to serve as Volunteers under this Act shall Ije liable to be. embodied, commanded, and to serve for the Period, and in the Manner, and on the Conditions herein-before mentioned, in relation to other Persons liable to Military Service under this Act j provided that no Person enrolled and fervingin any Volunteer Corps formed as aforesaid, so long as the Services of such Corps shall be continued by his Majesty, and as such Person shall remain an effective Member thereof, shall be placed in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Regulars, Militia, or Fencibles % and every Person refilling or neglecting to march on the Summons of the Lieutenant of the County to which be shall belong, or upon such Signals of Alarm as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be a Deserter, and subject to Punishment as such $ and all such Volunteer Corps as aforesaid, and all Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Privates therein, and all such Persons engaged to serve as Volunteers under this Act as aforesaid, shall thereupon be subject to all the Provisions contained in any Act of Parliament for the Punishment of Mutiny and Delation, and better Payment of the Army and thei{ Quarters, and any Articles of War made in pursuance thereof, in all Cases whatever.

c.oc le

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 96.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of the Stannaries, Special Deputy Warden, and all other Officers of the Stannaries in Great Britain, shall respectively, in Obedience to his Majesty's Order to be issued for that Purpose, procure like Returns to be made, and all other Matters to be done, touching the Tinriers of the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, according to the Customs of the Stannaries and Privilege? of the Working Tinners, as are hereby required to be done by the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants aforesaid touching other Persons refidingin the said Counties of Devon and Cornwall, not entitled to the Benefit of such Privileges; and such Warden, Special Deputy Warden, and other Officers of the Stannaries, shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities to do and execute all and every the Matters and Tilings which shall be so required to be done as aforesaid, as the said Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants of the several Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, and Places aforesaid, have for doing the several Matters and Things hereby required to be done by them respectively.

LVL. And be it enacted, That the Lord Warden and the Special Deputy Warden of the Stannaries shall have the same Military Command arid Rank, and the Lord Warden the same Power of appointing a Special Deputy Warden to act in his Absence, within the Stannaries, as the Lieutenants and Vice Lieutenants have in their respective Counties. Ice. as

LVII. And be it further enacted, That on and from the Day of drawing out, assembling, and embodying the Men enrolled for Military Service in any County under this Act, the Officers and Men of such County so drawn out, assembled, and embodied, shall be entitled to the same Pay a* the Officers and Men of his Majestya other Infantry Forces, and no other; and if any Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or Private Man, shall be maimed or wounded in actual Service, he shall be entitled to the Benefit of Chelsea Hospital, in the same Manner as any Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or Private, then belonging to any of his Majesty's other Forces.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person so called out as aforesaid shall, upon repairing to the Place of Assembly, take the following Oath, and which shall and may be then and there admiaiftered to him by any Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace; that is to say,

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faibhful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty King George the Third, and that I will faithfully serve his Majesty in Great Britain for the Defence of the same,

c against all his Enemies and Opposers whatsoever. So help me GOD.*

And thereupon all such Persons, whether already formed into Companies or not, shall be placed under the Command of such General or other Officers, and shall be added or joined to such exilting Corps, whether Regulars, Militia, or Fencibles, appointed to serve within Great Britain, for the Protection of the Realm, or shall be formed into new Corps, inTuch Manner as his Majesty shall direct, and shall thereupon march and proceed to any Part of Great Britain, for the Purpose of repelling and defeating the Invasion 01 the Enemy, or for suppressing any Rebellion or Insurrection then arising or existing within the Realm.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That when the Persons so enrolled for Military Service, under this Act as aforesaid shall be ordered out into actual Service, the Receiver General of the Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes for the County in England to which such Person shall belong, and in Scotland the Collector of the Cess of the County to which such Person shall belong, shall and is hereby required forthwith to pay to the Captain or other Commanding Officer of every Company of such Persons so ordered out into actual Service, or to such other Person or Persons as the said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants shall appoint to receive the same, the Sum of two Guineas for the Use of every such Person, which shall immediately be paid to every such Person, for the Purpose of providing him with Necessaries; and all the Money so paid by the said Receiver General or Collector shall be allowed him in his Accounts.

LX. And be it further enacted, That after the Defeat and Expulsion of the Enemy from the Realm, and Suppression of any such Rebellion or Insurrection as aforesaid, all and ever)' such Persons who shall have been so drawn out, assembled, or embodied, under the Provisions of this Act, shall forthwith be returned to their respective Parishes, and the Sum of one Guinea shall be paid, under the Direction of any General or other superior Of-Cf\cer, under whose Command such Man shall then happen to be, to every such Person so permitted to return Home as aforesaid, over and above the usual Rate of Pay to which such Person shall be entitled, in order the better to enable him to return to his Parish.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the Wives apd Families of the Persons enrolled for Military Service upder this Act, when drawn out into actual Service, shall be entitled to such and the like Relief, and under such and the like Circumstances, as are mentioned in two several Acts passed in the present Session of Parliament, for providing Relief for the Families of Militia Men in England and Scotland respectively, when called out into actual Service, and for that Purpose all the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in the said last mentioned Acts, respectively contained, shall extend and be construed to extend to the giving such Relief as aforesaid, as fully and effectually as if the same were herein enacted: Provided always, that all Sums of Money advanced to the Wives and Families of any such Men in England under any Order for that Purpose, shall upon Delivery of a quarterly Account of the Payment thereof, certified and signed by two Justice of the Peace of the County in which such Relief shall be given, be repaid to the Overseer or Overseers, or Parish Officer or Officers who shall have advanced the fame, by the Receiver General of such County, out of any Publick Monies in his Hands, and shall be allowed in the Account of such Receiver General: Provided alft» that no Assessment shall be made to make good the Amount of any Sum* paid for such Relief to such Wives and Families in Scotland under this Act, in the Manner duelled by such last-raen-uoaed. relative to Scotland, to make good the Sums paid to the Wives and Familie> of Militia Men pur-Xuant thereto.

43 Geo. III. 6 F LX 11. Ami

953

Warden, Sec. of the Stannaries, shall procure all Matters to be done, touchirg the Tinners ot Devon and Cornwall, as rtqunrd of Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants, See.

Lord Warden, See. shall have the same military Command, Lieutenants, St c.

Officers and Men, when drawn out, entitled to the same Pay, Sec. as his Majesty's other Infantry, See.

Otth of Person* called out, to be administered by any Deputy Lieutenant, Sec,

Persons enrolled shall be placed under the Command of such General, Sec. as his Majesty shall direct

Two Guineas shall be paid to each Person so-called out, to provide Necessaries.

On Defeat and

Expulsion of the Enemy, See. one Guinea shall be paid to each Person returning Home.

Wives and Families of Persons enrolled under this Act entitled to Kehuf according to Piovilious 01 43 c. 47.

and c. 89.

How the same shall be lep.iid in England, and made good in Scotland.

43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

ThisA^ffiafl not vxenipt Persons from being enrolled lor Militia or additional military Force. Powers contained in Militia Acts^42 G. 3. c. 90, 91, unlef* altered <>r repealed fh.il! extend to thi*

Act.

Warden of the Cinque Ports, Sec. shall put this Act ia Execution.

A<fl (halt not be deemed a Precedent to dimi-nish the Right* of the City of London.

Reward to Clerics of General Meetings, Sec. for their T rouble.

Application- of Penalties.

Where, Oversee rs (Hull not have Money, they Dull make Rates.

Lfeutenants, Sec. shall have Command of Men enrolled, until put under the Command of Officers.

Lord Lieutenant may appoint a Vice Lieutenant during his Al>-fence [or-SrcL* Htfs, Jce 1.1 ia«*]

Rank of Vice Lieutenants, See.

Where Persons shall be unwilling to take the Compensation ascertained under 43 G. 3.

£. 55. [*«!] for Articles for the publick Service, the Lieute-

LXII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed in any Manner to exempt any Person from being ballotted at any Time to serve in the Militia, or additional Force raised under the before-mentioned Acts of this present Session, if he shall be liable thereto by Law; but that all such Persone shall be liable to be ballotted to serve, and shall serve in like Manner as if this Act had not been made.

LX

LII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisoes, Rules, Regulations, Forfeitures, Penalties, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in the said two several Acts of the forty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, or in any other Act relative to the Militia, or in the said tirft-recited Act of the present Session of Parliament, or in the two several Acts of the present Session of Parliament for raising and assembling an additional Military Force, and in the aforementioned Act for providing Relief to the Families of Militia Men in Scotland, shall, in so far as the same are not hereby altered* varied, or repealed, be applied and practised for the Purposes of this Act in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Forfeitures, Penalties, Clauses, Matters, and Things were again repeated and enacted in this Act.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of the Cinque Ports, two ancient Towns, and their Members, and in his Absence, his Lieutenant or Lieutenants, and all Magistrates, Jurats, Constables, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other Officers within the same, shall put in Execution within the said Ports, Towns, and Members, all the Powers and Authorities given and granted by this Act, and do or cauie to be done, all Acts, Matters, or Things, thereby required, in like Manner as Lieutenants of Counties, and their Deputy Lieutenants, or Constables, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other Officers, may put in Execution all such Powers and Authorities, and door cause to be done, such Acts, Matters, and Things respectively.

LXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Act or any Thing herein contained shall not be deemed or construed to be a Precedent on any future Occasion to diminish or be prejudicial to the Rights, Liberties, Customs, Privileges, Immunities, and Exemptions to which the Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, or the Freemen Citizens, or Inhabitants of the said City are entitled to enjoy by Prescription, Act of Parliament, Charter, Usage, or otherwise howsoever.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks to the General Meetings of Lieutenancy, and Clerks to Subdivision Meetings, and all other Officers and Persons whatsoever, entitled under the said recited Acts of the forty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign to any Remuneration for their Pains and Labour in executing the Provisions of the said Acts, who shall execute the like or other Provisions of this Act to the Satisfaction of the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants, shall, for such Services respectively, receive such Rewards as are directed by the said Acts for such further Reward for their Pains and Trouble in and about the executing this Act, as the Deputy Lieutenants assembled at any Meeting held for that Purpose, at which not less than five Deputy Lieutenants shall be present, shall think reasonable and proper, and shall certify under their Hands; and such respective Rewards shall, on the Production of such Certificate so signed as aforesaid to the respective Receivers General in England, and the respective Collectors of the Cess in Scotland, be paid Out of any publick Monies in their Hands, and be allowed in their Accounts.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, paid or levied under this Act, shall, in England, go and be applied in Aid of the Poor Rates of the Parish where the same shall respectively be forfeited; and in Scotland, in Aid of the Assessments directed to be made in such Parish, for the Purposes of this Act; and where any Money is by this Act directed to be paid out of any such Rates, and the Overseers of the Poor shall not have any Money of such Rates to pay the same, it shall be lawful for the said Overseers of the Poor, and they are hereby required to make Rates for the Purpose of paying the fame; and such Rates shall be made, raised, levied, and collected in like Manner and with all such Powers in every Respect, as any Rates made for the Relief of the Poor*.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenants, 'and Deputy Lieutenants acting in their Absence, of the respective Counties, shall have the Chief Command of the Men enrolled for Military Service under this Act, in their respective Counties, so long as such Men shall remain within such Counties respectively, or until any such Men shall, by any Order of his Majesty in pursuance of this Act, be drawn out, assembled, and embodied, and put under the Command of any General or other Officer or Officers in his Majesty Service.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Lord Lieutenant of any County, with the Approbation of his Majesty, to appoint any Deputy Lieutenant to act for him within the County, 'as Lieutenant thereof, during the necessary and unavoidable Absence of such Lord Lieutenant, and no longer, and to appoint any Deputy Lieutenant to act as Lieutenant of any Division of such County; and all Vice Lieutenants so appointed under this Act shall, - from and after the passing thereof, rank within their respective Counties as Lieutenant Colonels of Militia; and all Lieutenants of Diviuons so appointed under this Act shall rank within their respective Counties as Majors of Militia; and all other Deputy Lieutenants acting as such in their respective Subdivisions shall rank within their respective Counties as Captains of Militia.

LXX. And be it farther enacted, That where any Owner or Owners, or Person or Persons interested in any Property or Articles which it may be found necessary to take for the publick Service, shall be unwilling to accept the Compensation ascertained by any Person appointed by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, in Great Britain, in the Manner mentioned in the said Act of this Session of Parliament for the Defence and Security of the Realm, and indemnifying Persons suffering in their Property, then and in such Case the Lord Lieutenant or Deputy Leutenants acting for him shall, and they are hereby required to issue their Warrants to the Sheriff of the County where such Property or Articles shall be, for the summoning of a Jury for the

X ascertaining

A.D. 1803. 43 GEORGII III. C. 96.

ascertaining the Value thereof, and such Jury shall be summoned and meet, and ascertain the same; and the Verdict given by such Jury shall be certified, and the Amount thereof paid, in Manner in the said Act mentioned in relation to the Value of Land required for the publick Service, any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Indemnification or Compensation shall be made, given, or paid under the said Act or this Act, to aoy Person not being a Female, whose Name does not appear in the Muster Roll of the Parish in which he resides, and who being of an Age and fit for, and not exempted from. Military Service, shall not have complied with all the Provisions of the said Act and this Act, and who shall not make it appear to the Person appointed to ascertain such Compensation, or to the Jury where any such shall be summoned, that he has done his utmost to prevent the Property and Articles for which such Compensation shall be required falling into the Hands of the Enemy; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, xhat no Order or Convidipn made in pursuance of this Act by any Lieutenant, Deputy Lieutenant, or Justice of the Peace, shall be removed by Certiorari or Advocation out of the County wherein such Orders or Conviction shall be made, into any Court whatever, or be liable to Suf-pension; and that no Writ of Gertiotari or Bill of Advocation or Suspension shall supersede Execution or other Proceedings upon any such Order or Conviction, but that Execution and ether Proceeding shall be had there* upon, any such Writ or Writs, Bill or Bills, or Allowance thereof notwithstanding.

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this prefeet Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

To

SCHEDULE (A).

Take Notice, That you are hereby required, within two Days from the Date hereof, to prepare or produce a List in Writing, to the beift of your Belief, of the Christian and Surname of each and every Man resident in your Dwelling House between the Ages of seventeen and fifty-five, distinguishing in such Lift the several Particulars mentioned in the Columns thereof; and in the last Column of Remarks specify whether the Pec&a opposite to whose Name the Remark shall be made is " willing to engage to serve as a Volunteer under this Act, or is infirm or lame, or a Clergyman, or Kcensed Teacher in Holy Orders, Quaker, or Medical Man, or is actually serving as an Officer in the Army, Na\y, Marines, Militia, Fencibles, or Volunteers, or additional Military Forces, or a Constable, or other Peace Officer 5" and you are to sign such Lift with your own Name* and to deliver or cause the same to be delivered to me.

Dated the Day of A.B. Constabk.

Names. Description, Age. Married or Single. Number of Children under 10 Years. REMARK S.

A.B. C.D. E.F. G.H. I. K. Housekeeper Servant Lodger Inmate Housekeeper 35 25 27 3° 35 Single - Single Married Single Married - None None None*1 f Enrols himself in the Parish of L. { in the County of M. Infirm and Lame. % Voluntary Service.

N.B. If any House is divided in distinct Stories or Apartments occupied distinctly, each distinct Occupier is required to make this Return.

Neglect of Compliance with this Notice will subject the Party to the Penalty of ten Pounds.

Take Notice, That the Day of at the Hour of in the noon,

is appointed for hearing Appeals within this Subdivision, by Persons claiming to be exempt from serving in the 1

A.B. Constable of

6F2

SCHEDULE

955

nant shall sum-non a J«ry. at in case of Lau<T required.

No Indemnification to any Male Person, whose Name does not appear in the Muifter-Rdll of his Parish, &c.

No Orders, Sec. shall be rorrv ived into any Couif, kc.

Act may be

altered or repealed this Session.

956 c. 96. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

SCHEDULE (B.)

CONSTABLES LIST OF PARISH OF

ift CLASS. id CLASS. 3d CLASS. 4th CLASS.

Men between 30 to 50 17 to 30 Remainder

NAMES. Descriptions. 17 and 30 unmarried. married, or of Men REMARKS.

unmarried. and no 2 Childrcii between

no Children Children under under 10 17 and 55.

living under xo Years. Years.

10 Years.

A.B. Farmer X _ f Enrolled in Yeomanry Ca-\ valry of

C.D. Labourer X.

E. F. Shoemaker. — X Infirm or Lame.

G.H. Esquire X — — J Enrolled in the Parish of L. \ in the County of M.

l.K. Shopkeeper _ — — X

L. Clergyman X -

N. Farmer X .T1 Voluntary Service.

SCHEDULE (C). ENROLMENT OF PARISH OF

NAMES. Description. CLASSES. remarks.

I. 2. 3- 4-

A.B. C.D. E. F. G. I. L. N.O. P. Q. P. Farmer Labourer Servant Esquire Xl 1 I 1 1 1 X 1 .111XXIX I 1 1 xl 1 1 1 I lx , \. 1 1 X I I X 1 I Enrolled in Volunteer Infantry. Enrolled in Sea Fencibles. Infirm and Lame. Surgeon and Apothecary. Parlon of the Parish., f Enrolled in the Parish of L. \ in the County of AT. Voluntary Service.

Totals* Total of all the Cl^fTes

SCHEDULE (D.)

ABSTRACT OF SUBDIVISION ROLLS FOR THE COUNTY OF A.

m

SUBDIVISION. No. in ift Oafs Effective. 2d Effective. 3* Effe&ivt. 4th Effective. Voluntaiy Sers ice. Aimy, Mai incs, Vo! un leer Corps, Sea Fencibles. Clergy, Lkrenfed Teachets, Medical Men, and Constables. INFIRM. Enrolled in Panihei out ol 1 he Couniy.

to \ 1 150 l^O 126 379 10 7 27 37

Totals ' 1

d. £. Clerk to General Meeting.

SCHEDULE

957

43° GEORGII III. C. 9fr, 97.

SCHEDULE (E.)

MUSTER ROLL OF EXERCISE PARISH OF

Day Month.

Pi efent. Defer iption. AbfeiU. Description. REMARKS.

A.B. C.D. Farmer. Gentleman. 0. P. Q. R. 1 j Esquire. 1 Servant. Sick.

E. F. G. H. J. K. L. M. Labourer. Shopkeeper. S.T. Shopkeeper. Absen| from Home.

f Commanding Officer, Signed X Z. < or Constable,

C as the Case may be.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act to amend several Acts of Parliament for the better Collection and Security of his Majesty's Revenue of Customs and Excise in Inland, and for preventing Frauds therein , and to make fur- ther Regulations relating thereto.

[27th July 1803.]

Irish A A 38 G. 3. c. 24. (§ 18.) recited. From August 1, 1803, Goods imported into Ireland in British or Irish

Ships from America may be sold free of Auction Duty, § I." [at §3, of G. 3. c. 93.].

II. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Notices in and by the said recited Act of the thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, required to be delivered by any Auctioneer or Seller by Commission before he or she shall begin any Sale by Auction, shall, in Addition to the Matters and Things in and by the said Act required, also specify and contain the Place where such Sale is to be held, and that if any Auctioneer shall put up to Sale any Estate, Goods, or Effects, without delivering the Notices and Catalogues in and by the said Act and this Act, or either of them, specified and required, or any Estate, Goods, or Effedle, not particularly enumerated or expressed in such Catalogues, every such Auctioneer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

III. 4 And whereas by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland\ in the fortieth Year of his prefen t Mai efly^s

Reign, for the Purpose amongst other Things of the better Regulation of and securing the Duties payable on f Licences to Persons engaged in the several Trades therein mentioned, it isamongfl other Things enacted, that*

every Person brewing Strong Beer or Ale or Small Beer, for Sale whether by Retail or otherwise, should take

out a Licence for so doing in Manner as in the said last-recited Act is mentioned, directed and contained, 1r be it enacted, That all Licences which shall have been, or shall be granted at any Time before the twenty-ninth-Day of September One thousand eight hundred and three, under and by virtue of the said recited Act, to Persons so brewing Strong Beer or Ale or Small Beer in Ireland\ shall continue in Force until the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four; and that allfych Licences which shall be granted at any Time, on or after the said twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and three, shall continue in Force until the twenty-ninth Day of September next after the Time of granting such Licences respectively, and' no longer; any Thing in the said last-recited Act, or in any other Act or Acts in Force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas it is necessary to make further Provision for the better regulating the issuing and granting:

of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and Protection of certain exciseable Goods in Ireland, and to

prevent Frauds by Dealers in or Retailers of such Goods/ be it therefore enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever in Ireland shall, from and after the first Day of Augyft One thousand eight hundred and three, obtain or procure, or cause to be obtained or procured, any Permit, for the Removal from one Place to another of any of the exciseable Goods or Commodities herein after mentioned, and if within the Times Limited in such Permit or Permits respectively, the Person or Persons by or for whom such Permit or Permits shall be so. obtained or procured shall not either actually and really remove and deliver all the Goods or Commodities by such Permit or Permits authorized to be removed, pursuant to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, or in Default of so fending away and delivering such Goods or Commodities, shall not before the Expiration of the Time-limited in and by such Permit or Permits respectively return such Permit or Permits to the Officer or Officers* who shall have granted the fame, or in case such Goods or Commodities shall not be delivered to the Person or Persons and at the Place mentioned in such Permit or Permits respectively, as the Person to whom and the Place to which such Goods or Commodities are intended to be conveyed, then and in every such respective Case and' Cases the Person or Persons obtaining or procuring such Permit or Permits, or for whose Use such Permit or Permits shall be obtained or procured, shall forfeit and lose for all such Goods and Commodities named in such Permit or Permits the respective Sums and Penalties hereafter mentioned; that is to say, for every Gallon of Wine, Brandy, or other foreign Spirits, or Spirits made in Ireland, the Sum often Shillings $ for every Pound

Weig

In Notices of Sales, the Place of Sale shall be mentioned, 00 Penalty of 2of. [See 3$ (7.3.

(O4- 5 7.]

3.

c, «3. 5«, 9.

Continuance of Licences to* Brewers under-said Act

Penalties on Persons not removing excise* able Goods according to Pei mi U.

Forfeiturr of> Good-',

Permit* shall be allowed to be inspe£led, or Gixjds li able to Seizure.

Penalty of tool, on Persons giving or using, &c. any t'aise Permit.

Penalty on Officers delivering out aijy Peimrti, See. m Blank, or not filled up according to 40 C. 3. c. 68. or granting false Permits, &c. or taking exciseable Goods into the Stock of any Dealer, brought in with a false Permit, See.

I sol.

Proof of the Quality of Spirit* agreeing with the Permit to lie on the Owners. Youghall declared a Port where Tobacco may be landed and ware-hoofed.

37 0.3. £.41.

Commanders of King'» Ship* Tiny seize Vessel with contra* hand Goods.

C. 97., 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Weight of Tobacco, Snuff, Coffee, or Tea, the Sum of ten Shillings; for every Barrel of Malt, the Sum of ten Shillings; for every Piece of foreign Silk and East India Goods, and for every Hundred Weight of Sugar, the Sum of forty Shillings: And upon the Trial of any Information for Recovery of any of the said Penalties or Sums of Money, the Defendant or Defendants therein shall be convicted, unless Proof shall be made by such Defendant or Defendants, that all the Goods and Commodities for the Conveyance of which such Permit or Permits was or were so obtained or procured, was or were actually brought from the Place mentioned in such Permit or Permits, and was or were actually delivered to the Person and at the Place expressed in such Pennit or Permits, or that such Permit or Permits was or were respectively returned to the Officer or Officers who granted the said Pennit or Permits before the Expiration of the Time limited in and by such Pennit or Permits.

V. And be it further enacted, That all exciseable Goods, for the Removal of which in Ireland a Permit is by Law required, which shall be carrying or conveying, or carried or conveyed from any Part or Place in Ireland to any other Part thereof, whether from any Part of any City or Town to another Part thereof, or from one Town or Place to another Town or Place, may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise in Ireland, and shall be forfeited unless the Carrier or Person conveying the fame, or the Person in whose. Possession the same shall be, shall, on Demand made by any such Officer, suffer and allow such Officer to inspect and examine the Permit or Let-Pass authorizing the Removal of such Goods.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and three, if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly give any false or untrue Permit, Let-Pass, or Coast Cocket, for the Removal of any exciseable Goods or Commodities from one Part of Ireland to any other Part thereof, or any Certificate founded on such Permit, Let-Paf3, or Coast Cocket; or if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any false or untrue Permit, Let-Pass, Coast Cocket, or Certificate, with or for any such exciseable Goods or Commodity j or if any Person or Persons shall fraudulently alter or erase any Permit, Let-Pass, Coast Cocket, or Certificate, after the same shall have been given or granted by the proper Officer of Revenue; or if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly publtfh or make Use of any such Permit, Let-Pass, Coast Cocket, or Certificate, so unlawfully give nor received, altered, or ended, every Person so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and three, if any Officer of the Revenue in Ireland shall deliver out, or suffer to be delivered out, any Paper prepared or provided or appointed by the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland to be used for rermits. Let-Fades, Coast Cocket*, or Certificates, in Blank, or before such Permit, Let-Pass, Coast Cocket, or Certificate respectively shall be filled up, pursuant to the Directions of an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for better regulating the tffiung and granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and Protection of certain exciseable Goods therein mentioned, and to prevent Frauds by Dealers in or Retailers of such Goods, or any other Act or Acts in Force in Ireland respecting such Permits and Certificates; or if any such Officer shall knowingly give or grant any false or untrue Permit, Let-Pads, Coast Cocket, or Certificate, or shall make any false or untrue Entry in the Duplicate or Duplicates of any Pennit, Let-Pass, Coast Cocket, or Certificate, given or granted by him, or shall knowingly and willingly receive or take any exciseable Commodity whatsoever into the Stock of any Dealer in or Retailer of such Commodities brought in with any false, forged, or untrue Permit, Let-Pass, or Coast Cocket, or shall knowingly and willingly grant any Permit, Let-Pafc, or Coast Cocket, for the Removal of any exciseable Goods or Commodity whatsoever, out of and from the Stock of any Dealer in or Retailer of such Commodities, who shall have received or retained any such Goods or Commodities under or by Virtue of Pretext of any such false, forged, or untrue Permit, Let-Pass, Coast Cocket, or Certificate; or if any such Officer shall knowingly permit or suffer the same to be done directly or indirectly contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and the several Acts in Force in Ireland for the Protection of his Majesty's Revenue, every such Officer so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred rounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Question shall arise whether any Spirits removed by any Permit are bondfde such Spirits distilkd in Ireland\ or such foreign Spirits as are defenbed and specified in the Pennit accompanying the fame, or granted for the Removal thereof, the Proof of such Spirits being really and bond side of the Sort specified in such Permit shall be upon the Owner or Claimer thereof.

IX. 4 And, to obviate any Doubt6 whether Tobacco may by Law be landed and warehoused at the Port of*Youghall in Irelandr, ' be it enacted, That during the Continuance of this Act it shall and may be lawful to import Tobacco into Ireland at the Port of Toughall, and that the Importer thereof at the said Port shall be entitled to have the same lodged in a Warehouse, and to take any Benefit in respect of warehousing and bonding the fame, under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland\ in the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for securing the Duties payable upon the Import and Manufacture of Tobacco, in like Manner as may be done with respect to Tobacco imported at any of the Ports mentioned in the said recited Act, and as if the said Port of Toughall had been mentioned and specified in the said recited Act.

X. 4 And, for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds on the Revenue of Ireland by Smuggling, ' be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commanders of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or any Commissioned, Warrant, or Petty Officer, specially authorized by them, to seize, without having any Deputation or Commission from the Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue of Excise or Customs in Ireland for that Purpose, any such Ships or Vessels whatever, and any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, found on board any such Ship or Vessel as shall be subject to Forfeiture by this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in Force ia Ireland for any Offence against his Majesty's Revenue of Customs or Exci& in Ireland:

Provided,

43° GEORGII III.

c. 97.

959

Provided, that the Commander of such Ship or Vessel of War shall in all RespeAs in regard to the Delivery and Prosecution of any such Seizure, conform to all and each and every of the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, to which the Officers of his Majesty's said Revenue in Ireland are now, or hereafter shall be ftibjeA in case of such Seizures made by them; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

4t Vessels, described in former Acts for Prevention of Smuggling, found hovering within eight Leagues (in-" stead of four) of the Shore of Ireland, shall be forfeited, &c. § II. Pains and Penalties, and all Clauses 4i contained in former Acts, respecting the hovering of Vessels, extended to Vessels hovering within eight u Leagues, §12. Doubts respecting the Limits of Hovering, shall not prevent Judgement against the Vessel u and Contraband Cargo, §13. [*$Vr 42 G. 3. c. 82. §1, 2, 5c 4. which are nearly similar with respect to Great Britain.y9

XIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and three, any Officer or Officers of the Revenue in Ireland, who shall first come on board any Ship or Vessel bound for any Port in Ireland, and having on board any Spirits, Wines, Tobacco, Tea, Sugar, or Coffee (except the Quantity allowed by Law for the Consumption of the Crew, ) either within the Limits of any of the Ports of Ireland, or within eight Leagues of the Shore thereof, shall and may, and he and they is and are hereby empowered and required to batten, fallen, and lock down the main and other Hatchway and Hatchways leading to the Hold or Place of Stowage in such Ship or Vessel; and if such Officer or Officers shall neglect so to do, then and in such Case any other Officer or Officers of the Revenue shall and may batten, fatten, and lock down the said Hatchway and Hatchways, and the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall, and he is hereby required to assist or cause to be assisted such Officer or Officers, by and with a sufficient Number of the Crew of such Ship or Vessel in the battening, fastening, and locking down such Hatchway or Hatchways, and to provide and keep on board good and sufficient Locks and Fastenings for that Purpose; and if any such Master or other Person shall neglect or refuse to provide and keep such Locks and Fastenings, or to assist or cause to be assisted any such Officer or Officers in battening, fattening, or locking down such Hatchway or Hatchways according to the Directions of this Act, or if auy such Hatchway shall after the same shall have been so battened, fattened, or locked down as aforesaid, according to the Directions of this Act, be opened, or if any Fattening or Lock aflixed to any such Hatchway for the Purpose of fattening or locking the same according to the Directions of this Act, shall be open, broken, or damaged after such Hatchway shall have been so battened, fattened, or locked down as aforesaid, and before the same shall have been opened by the proper Officer or Officers of the Revenue, the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XV. And, for the more effectual Protection of Officers of the Revenue in Ireland, in the Discharge of their Duty, ' be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons armed with Guns, Pistols, CntlafTes, Clubs, Sticks, or other often five Weapons, shall hinder, molest, or resist any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Revenue of Customs or Excise in Ireland, in the Execution of his or their Duty, by beating, maiming, or wounding any such Officer or Officers, or any Person or Persons aAing in his or their Assistance, it shall and may be lawful for any such Officer or Officers, and all Persons by them called to their Assistance, who are so refitted or mo* letted, to oppose Force to Force, and to endeavour by the same Methods that are violently used against him or them, to defend himself or themselves, and to execute the Duty of his or their Office; and if any Person or Persons so hindering, molesting, or refitting as aforesaid, any such Officer or Officers, or any of his or their Assistants, shall in so doing be wounded, maimed, or killed, and such Officer or Officers or his or their Af* fi ft ants shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted for or on account of such wounding, maiming, or killing, such Officer and Officers, and Person or Persons aAing in his or their Assistance, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give tlm AA and the Special Matter in Evidence in his and their Defence; and all his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and other Justices and Persons having competent Authority, before whom any such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons aAing in his or their Assistance, shall or may be brought for or on account of any such wounding, maiming, or kuling as aforesaid, are hereby authorized and empowered, enjoined and required, to admit every such Officer and Officers, Person and Persons so brought before him or them, to Bail; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and three, if any Officer of his Majesty's Navy, Customs, or Excise in Ireland, shall make any collusive Seizure, or shall deliver up, or shall make any Agreement to deliver up, or not to seize any Ship or Vessel, or any Goods liable to Forfeiture by this or any other Act of Parliament relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Customs or Excise in Ireland, or shall direct, or indirectly take or receive any Bribe, Gratuity, Recompence, or Reward for the Neglect or Non-performance of his Duty, every such Officer so offending, shall for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and be rendered incapable of serving his Majesty in any Office or Employment, Civil or Military; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever, shall give, offer, or promise tQ give any Bribe, Recompence, or Reward to, or xnake any collusive Agreement with any Officer of the Navy, Customs, or Excise in Ireland, to do, conceal, or connive at any Act whereby any of the Provisions of this Act, or any' Act or Acts of Parliament relative to his Majesty's Revenue of Customs or Excise in Ireland, may or shall be evaded or broken, every such Person or Persons shall for each and every such Offence, (whether the said Offer, Promise, or Agreement shall be accepted or performed or not, ) forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds; and any Licence previously granted to any such Person or Persons to manufacture or deal in any exciseable Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall on Conviction for such Offence, become absolutely void to all Intents and Purposes, and such Person or Persons shall from thenceforth be incapable of having or taking any such Licence in future.

XVII. And,

Revenue Officer* fli.il! batten down Hatches of Ships having certain Commodities on bortid.

Penalty on Masters of Ships not providing Locks and Fastenings, oropening the Hatches without the proper Officer, 200l.

Revenue Officers, refilled in the Execution of their Duty, may oppose Force by Force, lie.

Penalty on Officers for making collusive Seizures, fee. 500b and Incapacity*

Penalty on Per* font bribing Officer, $ooL and Forfeiture of Licence.

Notice of Actions against Revenue Officers.

Tender of

A uic.idi.

Notice shall contain cvt-iy Cause of Action.

Money may be paid into Court.

ReveoueO/fieers in Ships shall be provided with Bed and Board.

Officers fhalU e provided with Beds, when Ships are in

Port.

XVII. And, for the preventing of vexatious Snits and Actions against Officers of the Revenue in Ireland} be it enacted, That during the Continuance of this A£, no Writ or Process shall be sued out against any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Revenue of Custoros or Excise in Ireland, or against any Person or Persons acting by his or their Order, in his or their Aid, for any Thing done in the Execution, or by reason of this or any other Act or A6I3 of Parliament in Force in Ireland, relating to the said Revenue, until one Calendar Month next after Notice in Writing shall have been delivered to him or them, or left at the usual Place of his or their Abode, by or from the Attorney or Agent for the Person or Persons who intends or intend to sue out such Writ or Process as aforesaid; in which, Notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained and expressed the Cause of Action, the Time when and Place where such alleged Cause of Action shall have accrued, the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons in whose Name fmjh Action is intended to be brought, and the Name and Place of Abode of the said Actorney or Agent.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Officer or Officers, ' or other Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid, to whom such Notice shall be given as aforesaid, at any Time within one Calendar Month after such Notice shall have been given, to tender or cause to be tendered Amends to the Person or Persons complaining, or to his, her, or their Attorney or Agent; and in case such Amends shall not be accepted, to plead such Tender in Bar to any Action to be brought against him or them, grounded on such Writ or Process, together with the Plea of Not Guilty, and any other Plea or Pleas with Leave of the Court in which such Action shall be brought; and if upon Issue joined thereon, the Jury shall find the Amends so tendered to have been sufficidnt, then they shall give a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants, and in such Case, or in case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or shall discontinue such Action, or in case Judgement shall be given for such Defendant or Defendants upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall be entitled to the like Colls as he or they would lnive been entitled to in case he or they had pleaded the General Issue only; and if upon Issue so joined the Jury shall find that no Amends were tendered, or that the same were not sufficient, and also again! the Defendant or Defendants on such other Plea or Pleas, then they shall give a Verdict for such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and such Damages as they shall think proper.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in any Case where an Action shall be founded on any Act done by the Defendant or Defendants, shall be permitted to produce any Evidence of the Cause of such Action except such as shall be contained in the Notice to be given as aforesaid; nor shall any Verdict be given against such Defendant or Defendants, unless it shall be proved on the Trial of such Action, that such Notice was given, and in Default of such Proof, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall have a Verdict and recover Colls as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid, shall neglect to tender Amends, or shall have tendered inefficient Amends before the Adliou brought, it shall and may be lawful for him or them, by Leave of the Court in which such Action shall be brought, at any Time before I^sue joined, to pay into such Court such Sum or Sums of Money as he or they shall think fit; whereupon such Procedings, Orders, and Judgements shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court* as in other Actions ^where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That from the Time any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, or any

or Grain, or any Meal, Malt, or Flour, shall be begun to be shipped or put on board any Ship or Vessel, t<Ae carried from any Port, Creek, or Place in IrelandKto be landed at any Port or Place in trelaml or elsewhere, it shall be lawful for the Chief Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs or Excise in Ireland, or any one of them, or for the Collector, Surveyor, or other Chief Officer of the Port where such Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, Corn, or Grain, Meal, Malt, or Flour, shall he so put on board such Ship or Vessel, to place one or two Officers on board such Ship or Vessel, there to remain during such Voyage, and until all the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, Corn or Grain, Meal, Malt, or Flour, shall be duly landed, or for such Time as in their Discretion shall seem fit; and that the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall provide such Officer or Officers with Beds or Hammocks to rest or deep in, under the Deck of such Ship or Vessel, and shall also provide such Officer or Officers with sufficient Food during the Whole of such Voyage, or for such Time as such Officer or Officers shall be directed to remain on board, and shall land stich Officer or Officers at the Port or Place for which such Ship or Vessel shall have cleared out, if so directed; and if any such Master or other Person having the Command of such 'Ship or Vessel shall neglect or refuse to supply such Officer or Officers with Beds or Hammocks, and Food, in Manner aforesaid, or shall not land such Officer at such Place, he shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Master or other Person having Charge of Command of any Ship or Vessel arriving at or lying in any of the Ports of Ireland shall accommodate such Officer or Officers of the Revenue, not exceeding two at one Time, as shall be placed on board such Ship or Vessel, with Beds or Hammocks to rest or flcep in, under the Deck of such Ship or Vessel, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of twenty Shillings for every twenty-four Hours such Master or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel shall neglect or reruft* so to do; which said Penalty shall and may be recovered against the Master or other Person having Charge or Command of such Ship^r Vrlfel, before any two or more of the Commissioners, - or Sub-Commissioners or Excise, in their feveraLand reflective Districts, who shall and may, and are hereby authorized and required to i(file a Warrant under their Hands and ScaIs*to arrest the Person of such Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of such* Ship or Vessel, and to commit him or them to the Gaol of the City or County wherein such Warrant- Audi be granted, there to remain until the said Penalty is paid: Provided always, that a Summons shall be previously delivered to such Master'or other Person charged with such Offence, or left on board the Ship or Vessel-whereof he: shall have the Charge, ' and that Proof shall be made of the said Offence either by the ConfeAton^of the Party charged therewith, or by other sufficient Evidence upon Oath, which Oath the Commissionera and Sub-Commissioners in their feveraf and refuedive Districts are herein authorized to administer.

3 XXIII. 'And

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 97.

XXIII. 4 And whereas Fires frequently happen amongst Shipping lying at the several Quays, or being in

the Docks of or belonging to the several Custom Houses in Ireland, and Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, lying on such Quays or deposited in his Majesty's Stores, to secure the Payment of the Duties of Customs and Excise chargeable on such Goods, Wares, or Merchandiz*, are often endangered by such Fires for Remedy whereof be it enacted, That no Matter, Mate, or other Person having the Charge of any Ship, Lighter, Gabbard, Wherry, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, lying at any of the Quays, or being in any Dock of or belonging to any of his Majesty's Custom Houses in Ireland, or lying contiguous to any of his Majesty's Stores, shall have or keep, or permit or suffer to be had or kept, any Fire on board such Ship, Lighter, Gabbard, Wherry, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, for any Use or Purpose whatsoever (except Candle Light); and in case any such Matter, Mate, or other Person, mall offend herein, he shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Offence.

XXIV. 4 And whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth Year of his -i sent Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better collecting of all Duties on Hides and Skins tanned and dtu

Oil9 and on Vellum and Parchment made in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds on his Majesty's Revenue ther it is amongst other Things enacted, that it shall ancLmay be lawful for any Tanner with Bark to discontinuV 4 the making or using of any of his Pits or Vats in ids or her Tan Yard, used with Bark, not less than one Fourth of the Number of such Pits or Vats, for any Part of a Year not less nor more than six Months, in any Year,

provided that the Notice required by the said latt>recited Act be given in the Manner therein dire died, and in such Case a proportionable Deduction according to the Number of Cubick Feet in the Pits or Vats so discontinued, for the Time such Pits or Vats should not he employed, shall be made from the monthly Charge by the said Act directed to be made: And whereas it is expedient to allow any Tanner with Bark

to discontinue the making or using a less Number than one Fourth of the Pits or Vats in his or her Tan Yard used with Bark be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and three, it shall and may be lawful for any such Tanner to discontinue the working or using of any of the Pits or Vats in his or her Tan Yard used with Bark, not less than one Eighth of the Number of such Pits or Vats, for such Time only as in the said Act is mentioned, and that a Deduction from the monthly Charge by the said Act directed to be made, shall be made in Proportion to the Number of Cubick Feet in the Pits or Vats so discontinued; subject nevertheless to all the Provisions, Regulations, restrictions, and Conditions by the said last-recited Act directed, required, and appointed to be observed, done, and performed by ant such Tanners or other Person, in respect to the discontinuing of the using of one Fourth of the Number of such Pits or Vats, any-Thing in the said last-recited Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in Force in Ireland, to the contrary thereofnot with (landing.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Tobacco which shall be imported into or exported from Ireland, under or by virtue of this Act, shall be, and the same is hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions* Penalties, and Forfeitures, to which any Tobacco is and may be subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force in Ireland, on or immediately before the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, and Forfeiture, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force in Ireland

' on and immediately before the fi*id fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, made for securing the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or for the Regulations or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained, shall, ana are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively' applied, practised, and put in Execution for and in respect of Tobacco imported into or, exported from Ireland, by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, so far as the same are applicable thereto, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

XXVI. 4 And whereas it hath been found expedient that Tobacco, being of the Growth or Production of any of the Territories or Dominions belonging to the Emperor of Russia, or of any of the Territories or Dominions belonging to the Ottoman or Turkish Empire, Should be permitted to be imported into Great Britain directly from the said Territories or Dominions respectively, in British-built Shios, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, and Should be exported from Great Britain in like Manner, and admitted to Entry for Home Trade or Consumption in Great Britain, upon Payment of the same Duties, as Tobacco of the Growth or Production of the United States of America, and upon the Exportation thereof from Great Britain, after having been manufactured, Should be entitled to the like Drawbacks as if manufactured from Tobacco of the Growth or Production of the United States of America: And whereas it is expedient 1 to admit the Importation and Exportation of such Russia and Turkish Tobacco into and from Inland, upon the like Terms and Conditions; be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July Gne thousand eight hundred and three, it shall be lawful to import directly from the aforesaid Territories or Dominions of the Emperor of Russia and the Ottoman or Turkish Empire, or through Great Britain respectively, in British or Irish-built Ships, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, into any Port of Ireland, being an enumerated Port for the Importation and warehousing of Tobacco, and to enter and land, and to deposit, lodge, or secure in any Warehouse or Warehouses, provided according to Law for the Reception of Tobacco in Ireland, any Tobacco being the Growth or Production of any or either of the aforesaid Territories or Dominions; and that such Tobacco may be exported from Ireland in like Manner, or entered for Home Trade or Consumption in Ireland, on Payment of the like Duties as Tobacco the Growth or Production of the United States of America may be exported from Ireland, or entered for Home Trade or Consumption. in Ireland) according to the Laws in Force in Ireland on and immediately before the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three; and the Exporter of such Tobacco, being the Growth or Production of

43 Geo. III. 6 G any

e

961

No Fires ftiaW be kept in Ships in Ctillom-House* Docks awl Quays; Penalty 20U

Irift Act,

40 G. 3. c. 9.6.

Tanners mar

discontinue the uling of one Eighth of the Number of their Pits, &G»

Tobacco imported into, or exported from, Ireland, subject to the Regulations to which Tobacco is sub-jefl by any Act in Foice before July 5, 1803.

From July 5, 1803, Tobacco of the Growth of the Territories of Russia or Turkey, may be imported into any enumerated IV>rt in Ireland, andwarehouRd, and may I c t x ported or entered for HomcC fumption, on Payment of the like Duties as Tobacco of the United States of America, and ihalj receive like Drawbacks on Export, when manu/af>ured» [See 4(». 3, C. 68.x5

Commissioners of Reveruie, may jmrchafe of Per-fans, Bodies Politick, &c. Lands not exceeding fix Acres, for building Light Houses thereon, itc.

43 G. 3. c. 12.

{§4.5-3

Commissioners of Stamps may empower Per-|on» to receive Statements, and issue Permits to Dealers in Hats, under recited Act,

How Maltsters , 'fthal] be charged according to the Area of their drying Floors,

Mode of Surcharge in case of Dedoiency.

C. 97, 98. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

any or either of the aforesaid Territpries or Dominions, shall upon the said Tobacco being manufactured in Ireland, and exported according to the Laws in Force in Ireland on and immediately before the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, be entitled to and allowed such and the like Drawbacks as are feverafiy and respectively allowed upon the same Sorts and Descriptions of Tobacco manufactured from To* bacco of the Growth or Production of the United States of America, and legally exported from Ireland.

XXVII. ' And whereas by an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for better regulating the Collection of his Majesty's Revenue, and for preventing of Frauds therein, it is amongst other Things enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for all 1 Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, in the said Act mentioned and described, to demise in Manner

as in the said Act is mentioned, for any Term of Years, to his Majesty, or the Commissioners of the Revenue for the Time being, or to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed in Manner in the said Act mentioned, in Trust for his Majesty, any Lands not exceeding one Acre, Plantation Measure, with the Tenements

thereon, and a Road thereto, without Fine or other Consideration, save only the yearly Rent reserved: And 1 whereas the Quantity of Land by the said recited Act authorized "to be demised, has been found not to be fuf*

ficient for the rurposes thereby intended be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all and efvery Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, in and by the said Act mentioned, described, and authorized, to demise, in Manner as in the said Act is mentioned, ana without any Fine or other Consideration, save only the yearly Rent reserved for any Term of Years, to his Majesty, or to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland for the Time being, or to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall appoint in Trust and to and for the Use of his Majesty, any Land not exceeding the Quantity of fix Acres, Plantation Measure, with the Tenements thereon, together with such Passage or Road as may be necessary to such Tenements, not exceeding twenty-one Feet in Breadth, for the Purpose of building or erecting Light Houses, Watch Houses, and other Buildings, Places, or Accommodations for the Business of the Revenue, subject nevertheless to all the Provisions, Regulations, Restrictions, and Conditions, in and by the said last-recited Act directed, required, or appointed to be observed and performed.

XXVIII. And whereas by an Act passed this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Licences to Persons felling Hats, and on Hats sold by Retail, in Ireland, it is amongst other Things enacted, that? no Person licensed by the said Act to deal in Hats, shall remove Hats purchased by him

from the Shop or Warehouse of a Manufacturer until he shall have furnished to the Commissioners of Stamp } Duties such Statement in Writing, and shall have taken out from some one of the said Commissioners such Permit as in and by the said Act are mentioned and directed: And whereas it is expedient to facilitate the granting of such Permits be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower any Distributor or Distributors of Stamps in Ireland, or any other Person or Persons to be appointed by the said Commissioners, to receive the Statements and to grant and issue the Permits in the said Act mentioned, subject nevertheless to such Regulations, Provisions, Privileges, Restrictions, Conditions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and with the like Means and Powers for recovering and applying such Penalties and Forfeitures as are in and by the said recited Act enacted in relation to the Statements directed to be furnished, and to the Permits directed to be granted by any of the said Commissioners, under and by virtue of the said last-recited Act; and that all Statements furnished to and all Permits granted by the said Distributors, or other Persons so appointed by the said Commissioners, under and by virtue of this Act, shall be as good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes as if such Statements had been furnished to, or such Permits had been granted and issued by the said Commissioners of Stamps, under and by virtue of the said last-recited Act; any Thing in the said recited Act, or in any other Act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

M Penalties shall be recovered in Irish Currency, as under 14, 15 C. 2. c. 8. Continuance of the Act, 29th 4< September 1804.,

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act to amend the Acts now in Force, for securing the Collection of the Revenue upon Malt> and for regulating the Trade of a Distiller, in Ireland.

[27th July 1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further Regulations for the better Collection of his Majesty's Revenue on Malt in Ireland be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, and every Brewer and Distiller making Malt, in Ireland, shall, between the twenty-ninth Day of September in every Year, and thq twenty-ninth Day of September following, be charged with*and pay Duty of Excise for a Quantity of Malt, after the Rate of twenty-four Barrels for every one hundred Feet square ot working or dryingFloor or Floors which each Malt House, for which he or she shall have taken out such Licence as is by Law required, shall contain, and so in Proportion for any greater Quantity, and for as much more Malt as such Maltster or Maker of Malt, Brewer, or Distiller, shall make within the said Period; and if such Maltster, or Maker of Malt, Brewer, or Distiller, shall not, within the Time aforesaid, have been actually charged with Duty for so much Malt as shall be equal to the whole Quantity of Malt according to the Rate aforesaid, for which such Maltster or Maker of Malt, Brewer, or Diftmer shall be so changeable, then and in such Case the proper Officer of Excise shall, within ten Days next after the twenty-ninth Day of September in every Year, make a Return to the Collector of the District of so much and such Quantity of Malt, and of the Duties thereon, as, with the Quantity for which such Maltster or Maker of Malt, Brewer, or Distiller, shall have been charged with Duty during the same Period, shall amount to the full Quantities for which such Maltster or Maker of Malt, Brewer, or Distiller, during the said Period, ought by Law to be charged with Dut^jn

43° GEORGII III.

C. 9S.

respect of his or her several working or drying Floors after the Rate aforesaid, and such Return shall be a Charge On such Maltster or Maker of Malt, Brewer, or Distiller, in the same Manner as any Return of Malt made by any Maltster or Maker of Malt, Brewer, or Distiller, is now by Law made a Charge; and every such Maltster or Maker of Malt, Brewer, or Distiller, shall be deemed to have made the Quantities of Malt expressed in such Return, in the Month for which such Return shall be made, and shall pay the Duties appearing by such Return to have been incurred and become due, at such Time as by Law any Maltster is required to pay the Duties oomprized in any Return of Malt made by him or her, or in Default thereof shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Amount of the Duties which shall be so returned.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the Chief Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue of Excise in Ireland\ from reducing the Quantity of Malt for which such Maltster or Maker of Malt, Brewer, or Distiller, is to be charged or may be chargeable with Duty within the Year, to such Quantity and in such Manner as the said Commissioners are empowered and authorized to reduce the fame, in and by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, an Act to amend and continue an Act passed in the thirty* seventh Tear of his Majests Reign for colie ding and securing his Majesty's Revenue upon Malt % subject to tie Regulations and Provisions in the said Act of the fortieth Year aforesaid contrained \ any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And, for the further and better preventing of Frauds by the pressing of Malt in the Ciftem, Uting Vat,

or Couch Frame, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of Excise in Ireland by themselves, or by any Person or Persons by them employed for that Purpose, in the Presence of any Maltster or Maker of Malt, or his, her, or their Servant (if such Maltster or Servant shall think fit to be present at such Operation), to throw or remove all Corn or Grain making into Mak from or out of any Couch Frame, and to lay the same level; and if any Increase shall be found in the Gauge or Quantity of such Corn or Grain on the Removal and laying the same level as aforesaid, exceeding the Rate of one Buftiel in every twenty Bushels over and above the Quantity which the same appeared to be by the previous Gauge thereof taken in the Couch Frame or Cistern, then and in every such Case, Proof being made of such Increase as aforesaid, such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall forfeit and lose the Sum of five Shmitogs for each and every Buftiel of such Corn or Grain contained in such Couch Frame.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Brewer or Distiller who shall make Malt, nor any Maltster or Maker of Malt, who shall fell or keep for Sale Malt not made by himself or herself, shall mix or cause to be mixed any Malt made by him or her with_anyMalt made by any other Person; and that every such Brewer, Distiller, Maltster or Maker of Malt, shall keep alLMalt made by him or her in Stores or Rooms separate and distinct from the Stores or Rooms in which he or she shall keep any Malt made by any other Person; and that every such Brewer, Distiller, Maltster or Maker of Malt, in whose Stores any Malt made by him or her shall be found mixed with any Malt made by any other Person, or not kept in separate and distiuft Stores or Rooms, shall, for every Time such Malt shall be so found, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

V. 4 And whereas, by an Act made in the forty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign for the Purpose (among other Things) for securing the Duties payable on Licences to Persons in Ireland\ not being Maltsters

or Makers of Malt, felling Malt by Commission or otherwise; it is amongst other Things enacted, that every Person, not being a Maltster or Maker of Malt, felling Malt by Commission or otherwise, shall takeout such Licence as in the said Act is mentioned, before he, she, or they shall fell or keep for Sale any Malt; be it enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act, or in any other Act or Acts of the Parliament of Irelandf or of the United Kingdom, shall extend to permit any Maltster or Maker of Malt in Ireland, to fell by Commission or otherwise, any Malt not actually made by such Maltster or Maker of Malt, without having first taken out such Licence as is required by Law to be taken out for that Purpose by Persons not being Maltsters or Makers of Malt.

VI. 4 And whereas it is expedient to make further Provisions for the ascertaining from Time to Time of the Stock of Spirits in the Stores or Possession of Distillers and other Persons, ' be it therefore enacted, That in every Case where the Stock of Spirits in the Stores or Possession of anjr Distiller, Factor, or other Person dealing in or storing Spirits shall be less than the Quantity of Spirits which, by the Stock Account kept by the Officer of Excise of the Spirits of such Distiller, Factor, or other Person or Persons, he, she, or they ought to have in his, her, or their Stores or Possession, every such Distiller, Factor, or other, Person or Persons, for every Time such Decrease shall appear, shall forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings for every Gallon of Spirits which shall be deficient of the Quantity which, by the Stock Book or Account of Stock kept by such Officer, such Distiller, Factor, or otherrerson or Persons as aforesaid, ought to have in his, her, or their Stores or Possession.

VII. 1 And whereas the Laws for the Recovery of Penalties heretofore imposed on Townlands or Places wherein any unlicensed Still or other Utensil for distilling Spirits may be seized have been found insufficient; for Remedy whereof be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, where any Still or other Utensil for distilling Spirits not licensed pursuant to Law shall be seized, the Sum of twenty Pounds shall be recovered as herein after mentioned; that is to say, if such Still or other Utensil for distilling Spirits shall be seized in any County of a City or County of a Town, or the Liberties thereunto respectively belonging, then the said Sum of twenty Pounds shall be recovered from the Inhabitants of the Parish or Part of a Parish or Union, or extraparochial Place in such County of a City or County of a Town in which such Still or other Utensil shall be seized; and if such Still or other Utensil shall be seized in any County at large, then the said Sum of twenty Pounds shall be recovered from the Inhabitants of the Town or Townland in such County at large in which such Still or other Utensil shall be seized; and if such Still or other Utensil shall be seized on the Mearings or Borders of any County Town, Townland, Parish, or extraparochial Place, then the £ud Sum of twenty Pounds shall be recovered from the Inhabitants of any or either of the Counties, Cities,

A'6G2 Towns,

963

ComraHEonefi of Excise may reduce the Quantity, at under 40 G. 3,

To prevent Frauds inpre(& ing Malt, Excise Officers rosy take Malt out of the Couch, and lay it on the floor.

Malt Sailers shall not mix any Malt with Malt made by themselves. Penalty tot

41 G. 3: c. S3. t 3. &c.

Maltsters shall not fell Malt but of their own making, without Licence.

For ascertaining the Stock of Distillers.

On Seixureof an unlicensed Still, how the Penalty shall be recovered against the Panfti, &c.

96'4

Application after Payment of Colls.

Certificate of Condemnation Hull be in Form Schedule (A.)

Certificates not to be granted but on certain Evidence

nor where Information is given by Inhabitants.

Fines may be recovered by

Ovil Bill;

vhich may be dilmilled in case Collution appeals.

Repeal of so much of Irish Act 40 G. 3. c. 67. [$ 67, See.) as is hereby altered; Mode of levying Penalties on Inhabitants under that Act, extended to ibis*

C. 98. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Towns, Townlarids, Parities, or extraparochial Places on the Mearirigs or Border of which such Still or other Utensil shall be seized; and every such Sum, when recovered, shall (after deducing out of the Whole thereof the Colts of recovering the fame) be paid and applied as herein after mentioned; that is to say, one Moiety of such Sum as shall be recovered on account of any Still or other Utensil seized in the County of the City of Dublin, or the Liberties thereunto belonging, or the County of Dublin, to the Treasurer of the House of Industry in Dublin, for the Use of the said House; and one Moiety of such Sum as shall be recovered on account of any Still or other Utensil seized in any other Part of Ireland, to the Treasurer of the Publick Infirmary or Hospital for the County, against the Inhabitants of any Place within which County such Penalty shall have been recovered, for the Use of such Infirmary or Hospital; and the other Moiety of such Sum, in all Cases, to the Person who shall have seized such Still or other Utensil: Provided always, That such Still or other Utensil shall have been condemned on an Information in the Excise Office of the Dillridl in which the same shall have been or shall be seized, or if seized on the Mearings or Borders of two or more Districts, then in the Excise Office of one or other of the said Districts: And provided also that in Cases where there shall have been any Claim. for such Still or other Utensil, the Time for appealing from any Judgement of the Chief Commissioners or Sub* Commissioners condemning such Still shall have elapied, or in case an Appeal shall have been brought, the Sentence of Condemnation shall have been affirmed before any Proceedings shall be had for the Recovery of any; such Sum.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or Sub-Commissioners of the Distndl who shall have tried such Information shall give a Certificate of the Seizure and Condemnation of such Still or other Utensil, according to the Form in the Schedule hereunto annexed marked (A), or in any other Form sufficient. in Law, as the respective Cases may require; and such Certificate shall be sufficient Evidence to entitle any Person who shall sue for the said Sum of twenty Pounds, by Civil Bill in Manner herein after mentioned, to recover the same pursuant to this Act; and such Person so suing shall thereupon obtain a Decree for the fame, with Co(U. of Suit, as in other Cases of Action by Civil Bill: Provided always, that no such Certificate shall be granted^ unless it shall have been proved on the Hearing or Trial of the Information on which such Condemnation was had, that eight Days previous to such Hearing or Trial, Notice of the Time and Place of such Hearing or Trial was* polled on the Church of the Parish or Union, against the Inhabitants of which such Information has been filed, or was left at the Dwelling Houses of two Inhabitants, or if there shall not be two Inhabitants, then of one Inhabitant of the Townland or Place, not being Revenue Officers, which Notice shall be according to the Form in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (B), or in any other Form sufficient in Law, as the respective Case* may require; and the Chief Commissioners or Sub-Commissioners respectively, who shall hear or try such In-fortaation, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to cause any Person or Persons to be sworn to give true Evidence on such Hearing or Trial; and if it shall appear that any Fraud or Collusion was practised for unfairly subjecting the Inhabitants of any Parish or Union, Part of a Parish or Union, extraparochiak or other Place, or of any Town or Townland, to the Sum by this Act to be recovered for such Still or other Utensil, then and in such Case no such Certificate shall be given.

IX. And be it enacted, That no such Certificate shall be given, if it (hah appear that such Still or other Utensil was seized on the Information of any Inhabitant of the Parish or Union, Part of a Parish or Union, extraparochial or other Place, in which, or on the Borders or Mearings of which, the same shall have been seized.

X. And be it further enacted, That every such Sum shall be sued for and recovered in the Name of such, Person as shall sue for the same by Civil Bill, before the Assistant Barrister at any General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County within which such Still or other Utensil for diddling Spirits shall have been seized, or before the Recorder of the City of Dublin, or Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace for the County of Dublin, as to all Stills so seized within the said City and County respectively; and every such Civil Bill shall be according to the Form in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (C), or in any other Form sufficient in Law, as the respective Cases shall require, and shall be brought against any three Inhabitants of or Occupiers of Land in the Parish or Union, extraparochial or other Place or Townland, in which such Still or other Utensil shall have been seized; and where there shall not be three Inhabitants in any such Townland, then such Civil Bill shall and may be brought against two Inhabitants, or one Inhabitant, of such Townland, as the Case may be.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for such Assistant Barrister, Recorder or Chairman, respectively, to dismiss such Civil Bill, if it shall appear to such Assistant Barrister, Recorder, or Chairman, that any Fraud or Collusion was practised by the Person who seized such Still, or by any other Person or Persons, for the Purpose of subjecting the Inhabitants or Occupiers of Land, or any Inhabitant or Occupier of Land in the Parish or Union, extraparochial or other Place, or Town or Townland, to the said^ Penalty, the said Certificate of the said Sub-Commissioners, or any Thing ia this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided also, that no Appeal shall be brought from any Decree on any such Civil Bill, unless the same shall be brought within the respective Times limited or to be limited by Law for Appeals against Decrees on Civil Bills in other cases-

XII. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating the Trade of a Dfldler, and for securing the Duties payable on Home-made Spirits, as is hereby varied and altered, shall be and the same is hereby, repealed; and, that so much of the said Act as relates to the collecting and levying the Sum paid by any Defendant, in such Civil Bill, on the Inhabitants or Landholders of the Parish or other Place m which such Still shall be seized, and, to the reimbursing such Inhabitants or Landholders, shall be applied in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been repeated and re*enacted in this AdL

" Penalties may be recovered as under Irish Excise Act 14, 15 C. 2, r.

SCHEDULES

43° GEORGII III.

C. 98.

SCHEDULES to which the foregoing Ad refers.

SCHEDULE (A).

Form of CERTIFICATE of the Seizure and Condemnation of an unlicensed Still,

District of the*> WE whose Names are hereunto subscribed, being Chief or Sub-Commissioners of his Ma-Excise Office > jesty's Revenue of Excise, within the DidriA of the Excise Office of of J aforesaid, do hereby certify, That on the Day of

a Still for other Utensil as the Case may be] for the diddling of Spirits, and which said Still [or Utensil] was not licensed pursuant to the Statute in that Case made and provided, was seized in

[here state the City, Town, Parish, or Townland; or say, on the Mearings or Borders as the case may be] in the County of within the Jurisdiction of the Excise Office aforesaid, and that the same was

seized by being an Officer of Excise [or* a licensed Distiller, or, a Justice of the

Peace, or, Peace Officer, as the case may be"], and that the said Still [or Utensil] was on the Day of

on the Hearing and Trial of an Information exhibited in the Excise Office of the Didri& aforesaid, condemned by us pursuant to Law. [If the Still or Utenfl is not claimed, add. And we further certify. That the said Still or Utensil was not claimed by any Person or Persons whatsoever.] [If claimed, and 90 Appeal from the Judgement of Condemnation, say, And we further certify, That the said Still or Utensil was claimed by and that an Appeal from the said Judgement of Condemnation has not been

lodged within the Time prescribed by Law.] [If Appeal brought, and Judgement of Condemnation affirmed, say, And we further certify, That the said Still or Utensil was claimed by and that an

Appeal was brought against the said Condemnation, and the Judgement of Condemnation has been affirmed]. Witness our Hands, this Day of One thousand eight hundred and.

SCHEDULE (B).

Form of NOTICE of TRIAL of an Information against an unlicensed Still: To be polled on the Parish* Church, or to be left at the Dwelling Houses of two Inhabitants of the Parish or Place in br on the Mearings or Borders of which the Still was seized.

District of the! YOU are hereby to take Notice, that on the Day of

Excise Office > One thousand eight hundred and at the Hour of Eleven of the Clock

of J in the Forenoon, the Chief Commissioners [or, Sub-Commissioners] of his Majesty's Re-p

venue of Excise for the Didrifl of have appointed to hear and examine all Parties, upon an

Information entered in the Excise Office of the said Didridt, againllone Still or Utensil for diddling of Spirits, seized on the Day of by. an Officer of Excise in

his Majesty's Revenue [or, a licensed Distiller, or, One of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or, a Peace Officer, as the case may be] in [or, on the Mearings or Borders of J the Townland of or at

in [or, on the Mearings or Borders of] the Parish of [as the Case may

he] in the County of and to give Judgementthercupon.according to Law; and you are hereby required to appear in Person at the Office aforesaid, otherwise the said Commissioners [or Sub-Commissioners] will proceed as if you were present, as by Law in that. Case is directed and appointed. Dated this.

Day of One thousand eight hundred and

To the Inhabitants of the Tbwnland of [or, Parish of ] in the county of .[Or, if Notice be left at. the Dwelling Houses of two Inhabitants,

To and Inhabitants of the Townlaed of

or Parish of in the County of ]

SCHEDULE (G).

[or, City, Town, 7 BY the Affidant Barrider [or. Recorder, or Chairman, as the Case may

J

to wit.

County of

or Place] Division of

A.B. of in the County of

an Officer of Excise in his Majesty's Revenue [or, as the Case may be] who sues in this Behalf, as well for the Use of the Publick Infirmary or Hospital [or House of Industry] for the County [or City] of

as for himfdf; Plaintiff Q. D. of in the said County of

[here mfert the Trade or Occupation of the Defendant] E. F. of* in the said County of and G: H. of

in the find County of which said C.D. E. F. and

G. H. are Inhabitants of the Townland of in the said

be] at the Sessions for the said County [City, Town, or Place},

The Defendants are hereby required personally to appear before the said Affidant Barriiler [or Recorder, or Chairman] at on the.

Day. of

i' to answertbe-Bill of the Plaintiff who > sues in this Behalf, a9 well for the Use of the Publick. Infirmary or Hof- -pital [or House of Indudry} for the _ .^r, County [or City} of

County of Defendants. J aforesaid, as for himself, for the

Sum of twenty Pounds Sterling, of lawful Money of Ireland, which they the said Defendants owe and uajudly detain: For this, that on the Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and at in the Tbwnland of in the Parish of

and in the County.©/ fjr, on the Mearings or Borden respectively, as the Cafi.

1 may

966

4-3' GEORGII III.

{££ e. I Ko.for

6 cot land.)

All Duties now under Management of Tax Office (except Land Tax) shall be levied under Regulations of this Act. Commencement of Act as to such Taxes, April 5, 1804;

and as to new Duties, from the Time of granting them.

Commissioners shall be qualified as Commissioners of Land Tax under 38 G. 3. 4-8*

Qualification in WalA.

Penalty on Commisfioneis acting without Oath or Qualification, 200).

C. 98, 99.

A.D. 1803.

way be 1 aforesaid, he the said A.B. being then and there one of the Officers of his Majesty's Revenue of Eicife In Ireland [or licetifedDistiller, Justice of Peace, or Peace Officer, as the Case maybe], then and therfc did feizd a ca> tain Still [or other Utensil for distilling Spirits] the said Still [or other Utensil] so then and there seized by the said A.B. not being licensed pursuant to the Statute in that Case made and provided; which said Still [or other Utensil] for diitilling Spirits, afterwards, to wit, on the Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and was condemned pursuant to Law, on the Hearing

and Trial of an Information before the Commissioners [or Sub-Commissioners] of his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, within the District of the Excise Office of and the said Commissioners [or Sub-Coramif.

iioners] did give a Certificate, setting forth, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and a Still [or other Utensil] for distilling of Spirits, was

seized at in the Townland of in the Parish of in the County of

[or on the Mearings or Borders respectively, as the Case may be] and that the same was seized Iry an Officer of Excise of his Majesty's Revenue [or licensed Distiller, or Justice of the

Peace, or Peace Officer, [at the Case may be] and that the said Still [or other Utensil] was on the Day of condemned by them the said Commissioners [or Sub-Commissioners] pursuant to Law,

and that the said Still [or other Utensil] was not claimed by any Person or Persons whatsoever; [// claimed and Appeal brought, say, that the said Still [or other Utensil] was claimed by and that

an Appeal was brought against the said Condemnation, and the said Sentence of Condemnation has been affirmed : ] [if no Appeal, say, and that the said Still [or other Utensil] was claimed by and

that no Appeal has been brought against the said Condemnation within the Time prescribed by Law: ] By reason of which said Premise3, and by force of the Statutes in such Case made and provided, an Action accrued to the said Publick Infirmary or Hospital [or Houft of Industry] for the County of and to

the Plaintiff the said A.B. who prosecutes in this Behalf as well for the said Publick Infirmary or Hospital [or House of Industry] as for himself, to demand awfhave from the said Defendants or Inhabitants of the Townland aforesaid, in [or on the Borders of] which the said Still [or other Utensil], not licensed, was seized by the said A.B. as aforesaid, the Sum of twenty Pounds Sterling of lawful Money of Ireland, or, in Default of the said Defendanfs appearing, the said Assistant Barriller, [Recorder, or Chairman,] will proceed as to Justice will appertain. Dated this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

(Signed)

CAP. XCIX.

An Act for consolidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the same.

[27th July 1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain of the Provisions and Powers contained in any Acts in relation 4 \\ to the Duties on Windows or Lights, on inhabited Houses, on Servants, Caniages, Horses, Mules,

and Dogs, and other the Duties lately transferred to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, should be*reduced into one Act of Parliament, and amended in the Particulars herein mentioned 5* be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the said Uuties now under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, (except the Monies atfiing from the Aid granted to his Majesty by a Land Tax, by an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty), so far as the same relate to England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, shall, from and after the Time herein after mentioned for the Commencement of this Act, affeifed, raised, levied, and paid, under the Regulations thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act, with respect to the Duties before mentioned, shall commence and tajee Effect from and after the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four.

III. And whereas new or other Duties may hereafter be placed under the Management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act; 9 be it further enacted, That this Act, with respect to the said last mentioned Duties, shall be construed to take Effect from and after the Times respectively appointed by the Act or Acts granting such Duties, for the Commencement of the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall act as a Commissioner in the Execution of any Act or Acts before mentioned, unless such Person shall be duly qualified as required by an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act, pefffed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight I as relates to the Qualification of Commissioners: Provided always, that in respect of the Cities, Liberties, and Placps herein after mentioned, the Commissioners acting within the same for the Duties before mentioned, shall be qualified as by this Act is directed: Provided also, that no Qualification shall be required for any Commissioner acting for the said Duties before mentioned in any other County in Wales than is required for the Commissioner* acting in the Counties of Wales, mentioned in the said last-recited Act: Provided also, that no^ Person shall presume to act as such Commissioner without taking the Oaths herein mentioned; and if any Person shall, from and after the Time appointed for the Commencement of the Regulations of the said Acts before mentioned, or any of them, presume to act as such Commissioner, without having taken the Oaths hereby prescribed in the Manner required by this Act, qr withoutheing qualified as before mentioned, he shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

4

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 99. 967

V. And be it farther enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of any Act or Acts before mentioned, unless he shall have first taken the Oaths appointed by tire Act, made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Pr'tncefs Sophia, being Protestants, and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors.

VI. And be it farther enacted, That every such Commissioner, before he shall execute the Office of such Commissioner, except in'administering the Oath herein after mentioned to any other of the said Commissioners, shall take and he is hereby required to take the Oath expressed in the Schedule (marked A.), to this Act annexed, which Oath any one of the Persons so appointed as Commissioners is hereby authorized to administer, although the said Person administering the same hath not himself previously taken the said Oath, and which Oath lo taken shall be subscribed by the Party taking the fame, and the Names of all the Persons so subscribing shall forthwith be transmitted to the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes at Somerset House in the County of Middlesex, by the Clerks of the Commissioners respectively wherever fitch Oaths shall be administered: Provided always, that where any one or more of the Persons so appointed Commissioners acting for any District, shall have qualified himself or themselves to act, by taking the Oaths mentioned in this Act, and such one or more of them shall be present at any Meeting of such Commissioners in the same District, then and in such Case the said Oath shall not be administered to any other Commissioner in the same District, but by a Commissioner or Commissioners present at such Meeting, who shall have previously taken the said Oath.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as such Commissioner within the City of London, and Liberty of Saint Martin-le-Grand, nor within the City and Liberty of Westminster, nor in or for any other Parish or Place, any Part whereof shall be situate within the Bills of Mortality, or the Parishes of Saint Maryde-Bone or Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex, unless such Person shall be possessed of Lands, Tenements, or personal Litate, or of both together, to the Amount or Value of five thousand Pounds at least, after the Payment of all his Debts, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; which Qualification they shall swear to previous to their acting as aforesaid, according to the Form following; (that is to say, )

I A.B. do swear [or, affirm, as the Case may require], That truly and bond side I have such an Estate,

confiding of [specifying the same], of the clear Value of five thousand Pounds, over and above what will satisfy and discharge all my Debts. So help me GOD.'

Nor unless he shall be an Inhabitant of the District for which he shall act as a Commissioner; and if any Person shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or any of the Powers herein contained, within the City of London and Liberty of Saint Martinde-G randy or within the City and Liberty of Westminster, or in or for any Parish or Place, any Part whereof shall be situate within any other Part of the Bills of Mortality, or in or foitthe Parish of Saint Maryde-Bone or Saint Pancras, before he shall have taken such Oath as herein is directed, or without being qualified as herein is required, or without being an Inhabitant in the same District for which he shall act as a Commissioner, he shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of two hundred Pounds; which Oath shall be subscribed by the Party taking the fame, and their Names transmitted to the Office for Taxes.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Controversy arising between such Commissioners, in any Matter or Thing touching the Execution of any Act before mentioned, in which any Commissioner or Commissioners shall be interested in his or their own Right, or concerned in the Controversy in the Right of any Person for whom they shall act as Steward, Agent, Attorney, or Solicitor, the Commissioner or Commissioners so interested or concerned shall have no Voice, but shall withdraw during the Debate of such Controversy, until it shall have been determined by the rest of the Commissioners; on-Pain that every Commissioner who shall so act in any Matter or Thing in which he or they is or are interested or concerned as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That such Commissioners as shall be duly qualified to act in the Execution of the Acts before mentioned, in order to the speedy Execution thereof, shall, in the respective Hundreds, Lath3, Wapentakes, Rapes, Wards, or other Districts, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places, in the several Counties, Ridings, and Pivisions, for which they are or shall be appointed to be Commissioners, meet together yearly and every Year, at the most usual or common Place of Meeting within such Districts, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively, on or before the tenth Day of April yearly; and any two or more of them shall hold such Meeting or any other Meeting of Commissioners authorized by this Act, or the Acts before mentioned, and shall be competent to do any Act, Matter, or Thing thereby required to be done by such Commissioners; and such Commissioners, or so many of them as shall be present at the first Meeting to be holden in every Year, or the major Part of them, having qualified themselves by taking or having taken the Oaths in Manner herein directed, shall elect one fit and sufficient Person to be their Clerk, and one other fit and sufficient Person, if the said Commissioners shall deem it necessary, to be his Assistant, for all the Assessments to be made of the several Duties with which the said Commissioners shall be charged within their respective Limits, for one Year, and which Person so elected shall, by virtue of such Elect ion, be the foie Clerk to such Commissioners for all the said Assessments to be made by them for such Year, and which Clerk shall not be removeable from his said Office during the Year for which he shall be appointed as aforesaid, except for just Cause, and at a Meeting of the Commissioners for that Purpose duly summoned by Notice in Writing, signed by two or more of such Commissioners, and left at the usual Place of Abode of each and every of the Commissioners who shall hTave qualified as aforesaid, in and for such District, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town, or

Place,

Commissioners shall lake Oath# under 1 G. 1. c. IJ.

Commissioners, he foie acting, shall take the Oath in Schedule (A); which shall be subscribed, and sent to the Tax Office.

Commissioners having taken the Oaths, shall administer it lo the others.

Qualification of Commissionei* in J.cndon,

Wed mm it ei,

sOwjl.

Oath.

Commissioner* mud be Inha-bitanti of the Distnft.

Penalty on acting without being qualified, &c. 200l.

Commissioners interested shall have no VoicHn Cwniroverfini.

Penalty 50L

Fir A Meeticg of Corn nuflior. era shall be annually in; or before April 10.

Two OommiffioufiS sufficient to act.

EloftionofC'erk and Afliltanl:

To remain for one \ ear, re-movable only for iuli Caul*, and at a fptclal Meeting.

968 C. 99. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Commissioners lh.«!l Precepts, and at the second Meeting appoint and in* ftru£l Afltfffjri.

AlTcITiirs shall bring in AflVff-ments on Oath; and fltnll charge all Persons liable — Penalty 20l. to 5l. — and re-turu Karnes of Persons to be Collectors.

Afftflo-s shall t ike Oaths, &c. under iW. & M. feflT. r. c. 8. or c. 13.

G^mmissioners may administer Oaths under this Act.

Before acting, Assessors shall also take 'lath in Schedule (B.)

Penalty 50l.

Aflfcffbrs shall annually deliver Affeflmenis on or befote June 5.

Gmimissioners shall sign the AflVffmenf, and three Duplicates thereof, and deliver one to the Assessors, with Warrants for collecting the fame; and another to the Surveyor.

Collectors shall deinarid Duties v i'hin ten Days after due, and giye Acquit-t as ccs.

How Collectors shall give Security

Place, and by the major Part of the Commissioners present at such Meeting; and such Commissioners shall also at such their fir (I Meeting, direct their several and joint Precept or Precepts to, such Inhabitants of each Panlh, Ward, or Place, and such Number of them as they in their Discretion shall think most convenient, to be Presenters and Assessors for such Farish, Ward, or Place, requiring them to appear before the Commissioners at such Place and at such Time, not exceeding ten Days after the Date of their Precepts, as they shall appoint; and at such their Appearances the Commissioners, or so many of them as shall meet at such their second Meeting, shall appoint such of the said Inhabitants as they shall think proper to be the Assessors for such Parish or Place of the several Duties with which the said Commissioners shall be charged as aforesaid, for one Year; and at the same Time shall openly read or cause to be read unto th^in the several Duties for which they are to be appointed Assessors, and openly declare the Effect of their Charge unto them, and how and in what Manner they ought and should make their Certificate and Assessments of the said several Duties; and shall then and there appoint another Day, within the Time herein after limited, for the said Persons to appear before the said Commissioners, and bring in their Certificates of Assessments of the said several Duties in Writing under their Hands, which shall be verified upon their Oaths or solemn Affirmations, and not otherwise, which said Assessors are hereby strictly enjoined and required, with all Care and Diligence, to charge and assess themselves and all other Persons chargeable with the said Duties so given to them in Charge, and to make their Assessments according to the Provisions of the Laws then in Force, upon Pain of Forfeiture of any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than five Pounds; and at the Time and Place so as aforesaid prefixed for their Appearance, such Assessor shall return the Names of two or more able and sufficient Persons, within the Bounds or Limits of those Parishes or Places for which they shall be Assessors respectively, to the said Commissioners, to be by them appointed Collectors of the several Duties to be raised and assessed by them as such Commissioners.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Person to be appointed such Assessor, shall, before he shall take upon him the Execution of the said Employment, take the Oaths mentioned and required to be takeirby an Act made in the Parliament held in the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled,

Act for abrogating the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and appointing other Oaths; or, being one of the Peipk called Qiiakrrs, may make and subscribe the Declaration of Fidelity prescribed by an Act, made in the first Yar of the Reign of King Wiliam and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for exempting their Majesty's Protestant Subjds, dissenting from the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws; which Oaths or Affirmations anvjne or more of the Commissioners by whom such Assessors shall be appointed, who shall themselves have taken the Oaths required by this Act to be taken by Commissioners, have hereby Power and are hereby required to administer, as also all and every such other Oaths or Affirmations as are by this Act, or any Act or Acts relating to Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, required or allowed to be taken before such Commissioners, by any Officer or Person whatever, in any Matter or Thing touching the Execution of this Act, or any Act or Acts granting the said Duties as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Person to be appointed such Assessor, shall and he is hereby required also to take the Oath, or being one of the People called Quakers, to make and subscribe the solemn Affirmation, before the Commissioners for executing this Act, in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, (marked B.); and if any Person to be appointed Assessor as aforesaid, shall presume to act in the Office or Employment of an Assessor, before he shall have taken the said Oath or Affirmation, (as the Case shall require, ) he shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases the Assessors so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time make and deliver in Writing their Certificates of Assessments of all the Duties given to them in Charge as aforesaid, unto the respective Commissioners, or any two or more of them, on of before the fifth Day of fune yearly, or as soon after as conveniently can be done; and the Commissioners to whom such Assessmenta shall be 10 delivered, or any two or more of them, shall forthwith set their Hands to the said respective Assess. ments, testifying their Allowance of the same; and the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby required to sign and seal three Duplicates of the said Assessments to be prepared by their Clerk, and forthwith to nominate and appoint two of the Persons named os presented in each of such Assessments to be Collectors. or any other two such Persons as such Commissioners are hereby authorized to appoint, for the respective Divisions and Places for which Collectors shall be so presented, and to deliver or cause to be delivered one of the said Duplicates of such Assessments so by the said Commissioners allowed, together with Warrants under the Hands and Seals of two or more of the said Commissioners for collecting the same unto the respective Persons by them nominated to be Collectors; and one other of the said Duplicates to the Surveyor of the District for the Time being; and the third of the said Duplicates to be kept by such Clerk for the Use of the said Commissioners; and the said Collectors are hereby enjoined and required to make Demand of the several Sums contained in such Duplicates, from the Parties charged therewith, or at the Places of their lall Abode, or on the Premises charged with the Assessment, as the Case may require, within ten Days after the said Duties shall rt-spectively become payable, next after such Assessments shall have been delivered to them; and upon Payment thereof to give Acquittances under their Hands, (without taking any Thing for such Acquittances, the Stamp Duty for the Tame excepted, ) unto the several Persons who shall pay the same; and that such Acquittances shall be full and perfect Discharges to every such Person who shall pay the same, again (I his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That such Persons as shall be presented to the said Commissioners, as before diTefted, to be Collectors, shall if required so to do, give good and sufficient Security to any two or more of such Commissioners equal to the Amount of the whole Duty, and Sum and Sums of Money assessed in, and to be collected in each District or Place as aforesaid, by such Collectors respectively, for their duly paying such Monies assessed as aforesaid, as shall come to their Hands, and for their duly demanding the Sums assessed of the respective Persons from whom the same arftjpayable; and in case of Non payment thereof, their duly enforcing

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 99. 969

Proceedings

against Suteliet.

forcing the Power of this Act against such who make Default, which Security the said Commissioner*, or ny two or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to take, by a Joint and several Bond, with two Sureties at the least, to and in the Names of any two or more of such Commissionerg, in such penal Sum as aforesaid, and with a Condition thereto to the Enedl before mentioned; and on Failure of the persons so first named or appointed to be Collectors giving such Security, if required, the said Commissionerg, or any two Appointment of or more of them, shall be at Liberty and are hereby authorized to appoint any other sufficient Persons, who new Collectors. can give such Security as aforesaid, residing within the Limit of the same District or Place, to be Collectors of the said Duties respectively; and every such Bond given by way of such Security as aforesaid, shall be prosecuted by such Commissioners on any Failure or Default of the said Collector or Collectors: Provided always, that no such Bond shall be put in Suit against any Surety or Sureties for any Deficiency other than what shall remain unsatisfied after Sale of the Lands, Tenements, Goods, and Chattels of such Collector or Collectors, in pursuance and by virtue of the Directions and Powers given to the respective Commissioners by this Act: Provided also, that such Bond shall not be subject to any Stamp Duty whatever: Provided always, No Stamps, that if no Persons can be found within the Limits of such Districts or Places respectively, who are willing or Collcdj<$ wrh able to give such Security, then and hi such Case the Persons who were first presented to the respective Com- ou: Security, missioners as before directed, shall be Collectors of the Monies assessed as aforesaid, within the Limits of such t* $ 9-j DiUriels or Places respectively.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any two or more of the Inhabitants of the District or Place for which a Collector or Collectors may be named as aforesaid, being respectively charged to any of the said Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, or the Churchwardens or Overseers, or Guardians of the Poor of any Description, or auy two or more of them, or the Select Vestry, or any seven or more of them, where a Sdedl Vestry shall be authorized to act for any Parish or Place, shall require Security to be taken of the Collector or Collectors to be appointed for the Parish or Place on Behalf of which such Application shall be made, and shall name a fit and proper Person or Persons to be a Collector or Collectors who respectively fere willing to give such Security, it shall not be lawful for fitch Commissioners to appoint Collectors for such Duties, or any of-them, until such Security be given; and if the Person or Persons returned to the said Commissioners according to thi.> Act to be a Collector or Collectors, shall not have given or shall not give such Security, then it shall be lawful for such Commissioners to appoint such Persons and no others, who shall have been named to them by the Persons respectively before mentioned, as fit and proper Persons to be Collectors, and who will give such Security as shall be required.

XV. And be it further enacted, That within the Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary Ic Bone and Saint Pancras in the County of MUdltJex^ the Appointment of the Collectors of such Duties as aforesaid, shall of Mortality, &c. belong wholly to such of the Commissioners for executing this Act, who shall reside in the Wards or Parishes CoIle^orsTha)^ for which such Collectors respectively are to be appointed, in case there shall be two or more Commissioners belong to the there resident, and no other Commissioner shall in such Case interfere; and it shall be lawful for such Com- resident Commissioners residing within the respective Wards or Parishes aforesaid, to appoint two or more Persons to be raiilioneis. Collectors, who shall have given such Security as aforesaid, whether such Persons shall have been presented

by the Assessors as aforesaid, or named by the Inhabitants, or Churchwardens and Overseers or Guardians of the Poor, or any two or more of them, or any seven or more of the Vestry where a Select Vestry shall be appointed as aforesaid, and who shall be thought by such Commissioners to be of Ability to execute the Office of Collector; and that in Default of prefeuting or naming such Persons who shall be willing to give such Security, then the said Commissioners residing as aforesaid shall name such Persons }as they shall think of or»rJ£ default «f Ability to execute the said Office: Provided always, that where two or more Commissioners shall not be resident iu any such Ward or Parish as aforesaid, for which Collectors are to be appointed, then a Commissioner or Commissioners residing in any adjacent Ward or Parish in the same County or City, may appoint or concur with a Commissioner so residing, in the Appointment of such Collectors; and every Person appointed a Collector in pursuance of tills Act, shall also, by virtue of such Appointment, act as an Assessor for the same Parish,

Ward, or Place.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Assessor or Collector to be appointed as aforesaid, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to take upon himself the Office of an Assessor or Collector, to which he shall be appointed, or inc vnict, or shall wilfully neglect or refuse to perform his Duty in the dUe and speedy Execution of this Act, or of any jieglcding Duty, Act or Acts granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, for which he shall be appointed may be fined by an Assessor or Collector, such Commissioners, or any two or more of them, may and shall, by virtue of this Act, impose ou such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, for every such Offence, a fine not exceeding twenty Pounds: Provided, that no Person inhabiting any City, Borough, or Town Corporate, shall be compelled to 'be an Assessor or Collector for any Part of such Duties, in any Place or Places out of the Limits of the City,

Thorough, or Town Corporate, in which he shall so inhabit. Afllflors or Culled'»r$ out of the Limits uf Cities, &c.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in all privileged and other Places being extraparochhl, and not h\c*Lral, aro* within the Constablewicks or Precincts of the respective Assessors to be appointed as aforesaid, and in all Parishes and Places where two able and sufficient Inhabitants cannot be found, the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall and titty are hereby required to nominate and appoint two fit Persons, living in or near the said privileged or other Plates as aforesaid, to be Assessors for the said Places, and to make and return their said Afftifmentsln like Manner as by this Act is directed, in any Parish or Place, and also in like Manner and in the like Cases Jo appoint one or more Collector or Collectors, who are hen by required to collect and pay the Sums given to them in charge, according to the Rules prescribed by this Act, for collecting ard paying the Sums of Money assessed in any Pari fit or Place.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case such Commissioners (I'all neghdl to appoint Assessors as directed by this Act, or in case the Assessors by them appointed shall neglect to perform what shall be lawfully

43 Geo. III. 6 H required

Inhabitant*, &<*. of Parities may leouiie Secuiiiy to oe t iken fi.»m Collediirs, and name Pet Con9willitjy co^ive such £ ecu; tty.

in which C« iV no Colliders shall be appointed without Security.

Within the Bills

resident Coin-milfiuners, to CommitfiuHers of adjacent Parish.

Collectors shall act as Assessbi s. A fTeffors or Collectors lefuling the Office, or

Commissioners, nor exceeding

2C/.

Inhabitants not

compel led, .tu be

chi.il Places, See. in Default ol fitfficient Inhabitants, Commissioners may appoint Aflefibr* and CoJiedois.

In DefauP of A>feiTur % vur-\eyoif a_ay vr-so.ra thou l>ut/

97° 0.99*

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

required of them, that then and in every such Case it shall be lawful to and for the Surveyor or Surveyort appointed or to be appointed as herein mentioned, to do and perform such and the like Services as ought to be done by such Affeuors, until such AiTessors shall be appointed, and shall act with Effect.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Commissioner, Assessor, or Collector who shall be employed in the Execution of any such Act or Acto herein mentioned, or of this Act, shall be liable, for or by Reaffln of such Execution, to any Penalty or Penalties, other than such as by this Act, or the said Act or Acts, are or may be inflicted.

Penalties, except under said Acts.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who as Inspedocs or Surveyors, are or may be authorized to ad in the Execution of any Act or Acts in Force at the Time of passing of this Act, (haB also be the Inspectors and Surveyors to ad in the Execution of this Act, and of the said Act or Acts for granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, whether such Persons be appointed by the Name of Inspectors, Expedant Inspectors, or Surveyors, either for any particular District, or for vacant Dif-trids, or otherwise, by whatever Name they shall have been or shall be appointed; and it shall be lawful to and for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, now or for the Time being, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, from Time to Time, to constitute and appoint such Person or Persons as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer, for the Time being, shall think proper, to be the Officers for the Survey and Inspection of the Duties under the Management o? the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, within that Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, and for doing and executing all Things belonging to the Office of Inspector or Surveyor, according to the Powers vested in them by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts for granting the said Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, or any of them.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every such Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, shall twice in every Year, to wit, between the first Day of July and the tenth t>ay of August following, and between the first Day of December and the tenth Day of January following, yearly, and at no other Times, certify in Writing to two or more of the said Commissioners all such Surcharges as they may lawfully make, and shall give or cause to be given to every Person so surcharged, or leave or cause to be left at his or her last or usual Place of Abode in the District where such Surcharge shall be made. Notice in Writing of such Surcharge, and of the Amount for which he dr (he shall have been charged by virtue of such Certificate.

XXII. And be it further enacted, ThJt if any Surveyor or surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, shall omit to make a Surcharge on or before the first Day of August in any Year, it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, to make such Surcharge or Surcharges on or before the first Day of January following, for the whole Year.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Surveyor or Inspector shall knowingly or wilfully, through Favour, under-rate or omit to charge any Person or Persons, or shall be guilty of any corrupt, vexatious, and illegal Practices in the Execution of his Office, such Surveyor or Inspector shall, for everf such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and on Conviction mall be discharged from his said Employment.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves respectively over-charged or over-rated by any Assessment or Surcharge to be made by virtue or in pursuance of any Act or Acts before mentioned, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them respectively, to appeal to the Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act or Acts in relation to such Assessment, on giving at the least ten Days* Notice thereof to the said Surveyor or Inspector, or to one or more of the Assessors of the Place wherein such Assessment or Surcharge shall be made, of such Intention to appeal; and the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall and they are hereby required to hear and determine all such Appeals, except where it shall appear to the said Commissioners that the Person appealing shall have omitted to give such Notice thereof to the proper Officer aforesaid, m which Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they ait hereby required to dismiss the Appeal, and to confirm the Assessment or Surcharge appealed against.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Assessment which shall be delivered to such Commissioners, or any two or more of them, by any such Assessor or Assessors, shall be altered by them, or any of them, before the Time for hearing and determining Appeals, and then only upon a Surcharge or

Appeals, except Surcharges not appealed against, and according to such Surcharge or Surcharges, or upon the Commissioners in Cases ex- hearing the Matter of Appeal particularly relating thereto, upon a General Appeal Day duly appointed, save and except in such Cases only where such Commissioners are specially authorized to alter or rectify any such Assessment by the Act or Acts before mentioned; and if any Clerk to such Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons, shall alter, or cause or procure or suffer to be altered, any Assessment, after the same shall have been allowed by such Commissioners, except as aforesaid, or m Cases of Appeal, and by Order of the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, made after Appeal as aforesaid, every such Clerk or other Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any of them, shall not, upon the Hearing any such Appeal, make an Abatement or Defalcation in the Charge made upon any Person by Assessment, or by the Surcharge of any Assessor or AJTeffors, Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, as aforesaid, but the Charge or Surcharge shall stand good and remain Part of the annual Assessment, unless it shall, upon the Hearing of such Appeal, appear to the Commissioners then present, or the major Part of them, by Examination of the Appellant upon Oath or Affirmation, or by other lawhil Evidence to be produced by him or her, that such rerson is over-rated in or by any such Assessment or Surcharge, and unless the

Appellant

Commissionei s, See. executing this or other recited A&f, not liable to

Inspectors and 'Surveyors acting under now in Farce shall be Inf^e&ors, &c. under this Act. His Majesty or the Treasury may appoint Officers for the Survey and In-fpcltion of Duties under Tax Office.

Surveyors shall certify Surcharges twice a Year,

and give Notice to the Party.

Surcharge!

emitted before Aug. 1. may be made before Jan. l.

Penalty on Surveyor for vexatious or corrupt Practices, iool. and Forfeiture of Office.

Person fur-charged may appeal to the Commissioners, on giving ten Days* Notice to Surveyor, &c. In Default of Notice, Assessment shall be confirmed.

AfMtaents ftaO not be altered before the Time for hearing

pressly authorised.

Penalty on Clerks, See. unduly altering Assessment, 50l.

Commissioners, on hearing Appeals, shall not make Abatement, unless the Party is over-eated, and produces a proper Lift or Retubi

97i

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 99.

Appellant shall prodace before the said Commissioners, a true, perfect, and complete Lift, Account, Declaration, or Return, as shall or may be required by the Act or Acts before mentioned, and verify the same upon his or her Oath or Affirmation, and such Surveyor, or Inspector and Afieifor, may then and there attend to give his or their Reasons in Support of the said Assessment or Surcharge, and may, if he or they think proper, produce any lawful Evidence in Support of the same; and such Surveyor, Inspector, and Assessor, shall have full Power and free Liberty to be present during all the Time of hearing such respective Appeals, and of the said Commissioners determining the fame: Provided always, if upon such Appeal it shall appear to the said Commissioners that the Persons so assessed or surcharged, is or ought to be charged to any Amount beyond the Amount contained in such Assessment or Surcharge, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to charge such Person to the Matter or Thing, or Amount of the Sum omitted, in like Manner and at the like Rate as they might have done, if a full, true, and perfect Assessment had been made in the first Instance: Provided also, that no Barrister, Solicitor, or Attorney, or any Person practising the Law, shall be allowed to plead before^the said Commissioners on such Appeal for the Appellant or Omoers, either viva Voct or by Writing.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That such Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall and they sure hereby required to give such Collectors as aforesaid, Notice at what Time or Times, within the Periods herein limited, and at what Place or Places, the Appeals of any Person or Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved as aforesaid, may be heard and determined; and every such Collector is also hereby required, witbip ten Day. after such Notice from the said Commissioners, to cause publick Notice to be given in every Parish Church or Chapel of Ease belonging to any such Parish within his District or Division, immediately after Divine Service on the Lord's Day (if Divine Service shall be performed in the said Parish within that Time), or otherwise in the Church of the next adjoining Parish, of the Time and Place so appointed by such Commissioners for hearing and determining Appeals as aforesaid, and shall also cause the like Notice to be fixed in Writing upon the Door of each of the find respective Parish Churches or Chapels of Ease, that all Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved as aforesaid, may know when and where to make their Appeal to the said Com-anissioners.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Appeals as shall be made to such Commissioners and of which Notice shall have been given to the Assessor, Surveyor, or Inspector as aforesaid, between the first Day of July and the twentieth Day of dugujl, yearly, shall be heard and determined by the said Commissioners upon such Days as shall by them be appointed for the Hearing of such Appeals, between the twentieth Day of Jiugujl and the twentieth Day of September following; and that all such other Appeals as shall be made to the said Commissioners, and of which lie Notice shall have been given between the first Day of December and the twentieth Day of January following, yearly, shall be heal'd and determined by such Commissioners upon such other Days as shall be appointed by them for the Hearing thereof, between the twentieth Day of ja» nuary and the tenth Day of February following, yearly; and no Appeal shall be allowed, heard, or determined, which shall not be made at the Times and in Manner before directro.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all such Appeals once heard and determined by the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, or the major Part of them presenton the Day or Days by them appointed for hearing of Appeals, shall be final; and neither the Determination of the Commissioners, nor the Assessment then and there made thereupon, shall be altered on any Pretence whatever at any subsequent Meeting, or at any other Time or Place, except always in such Cases where the Opinion of the Judges shall be required according to the Provisioas of any Act or Acts concerning the same.

XXX. And whereas it may happen that the Assessment and Duplicates of the said Duties may cnot be signed and allowed in due Time, to the Prejudice of the said Revenue, for want of a sufficient Number of Commissioners acting or attending where and when such Assessments or Duplicates ought to*be allowed be it further enacted, That in all Cases it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed for

Jlotting any Act or Acts relating to the said Duties in Execution, living in any Parish or Place within the ame County, Riding, or Division, and they are hereby empowered and required to allow and sign such Assess-tnents or Duplicates which are or shall be wanting fc^any such Parishes or Places as aforesaid.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any Time there shall not have been any Meeting or Meetings of two or more of the said Commissioners, and a due Execution of any of the Powers created by this Act, or the Act or Acts before mentioned, within or at the Time or Times, or according to the Manner or Circumstances directed or prescribed in and by this Act, or the said Act or Acts, it shall be lawful to and for any two or more of the Persons appointed Commissioners, and they are hereby required, in all and every the respective Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, and Towns respectively, in that Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, wherein such Default shall have happened, to meet and execute the said Powers at any other Time or Times, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and they are hereby authorized and required forthwith, 6r as soon as may be after the Time or Times at which such Meetings should have been held, and such Powers should have been executed, to meet and execute the Came, and cause the Came to be executed, so as that all the Duties br Law payable on Assessment be duly and effectually charged, raised, levied, collected, and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and all such Meetings and Acts of the said .Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall be deemed and are hereby declared to be good and valid, to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding any such Omission or Defect.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if in any Parish, Ward, or' Place, in that Part of Great Britain ms aforesaid, any Failure shall happen in the Appointment of the Assessor or Assessors, or Collector or Collectors, whereby the Assessments or Collection of the Duties is likely to be delayed, it shall be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace of any Chuntv in that Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, the Ridings of Tori* or Divisioos of Lineal?, whenever such Failure shall happen in any Parish, Ward, or Place within such County,

6 Ha Riding,

Surveyor, &c. may attend in Support of the Assessment or Surcharge, Commissioners may increase the Charge.

KoCevnfai, Bee, allowed before Coaamititoness.

Commissioners shall give Notice of Time* and Pbces for Ay* peals to Collect tors* who shall cause publick. Notice fobs given in Church,

dOC.

Appeals shall be heard and determined within certain Periods*

Determination on Appeals shall be final, except where Cases ate required for the Judges* Opinions.

If Aieflments and Duplicates are not signed in due Time, Commissioned in the same County may allow them.

When Commissioners do not meet within the Time prescribed, they may meet and aft at other Times.

On Failure of Appointment of Assessori or Collectors, tw£ justices, or g ' t Chief 1* i

irate and TJuf-liees, 6tc: may them.

Penalty on Perils fa appointed refilling to

or io take Oath, 50l.

Col femora, on Payment of the Duties being refuted, shall distrain without 'further Warrant,

and fell the J)iftrels, if Duties are not paid within four Days.

' Collectors in the Day-time mny break open Ifoafes, having a Warrant from the Commissioners, and a Con-liable.

For Want of fuflBcient Distress. Party may he imprisoned. Quoliionaon Dillrefi determinable by two Commissionera. Commissioner n» % y aft, and Warrants-may be executed, in any Part of a.County, &c.

On Removal of Persons not paying Duties, Commissioners shall certify lame foCoinroiflionen vftiie Place where the Party reiides, wholhall U v.y and pay ever the A run uni.

How Duties shall be allefled where Parishes or Places are in two Counties, or Houses situated in two Panfhet.

Ko Ooods shall be taken on any fMceft, except

Riding, or Division, or in any Town or Place adjoining thereto, such Town or Place not being a County of itself herein mentioned, and for the Chief Magistrate and Juflicts of the Peace of any City, Town, or Places being a County of itself, and they and every of them, on Notice of such Default to be given by the Surveyor, are strictly enjoined and required to appoint an Assessor or Assessors, ora Collector or Collectors, as the Case may require, observing therein the Rules and Regulations prescribed by this Act for the Appointment of such respective Officers by Commissioners; and if any Person appointed by the Justices or Magistrates as aforesaid, to be an Assessor or CoMeftor, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to take Upon himself the Office of an Assessor or Coh lector, or shall wilfully neglect or refuse to perform his Duty in the speedy and faithful Execution of his Office; or if any Person so appointed to be an Assessor shall neglect or refuse to take the Oath or Affirmation directed to be taken by Assessors by this Act, as the Case may require, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall refuse to pay the several Sum and1 Sums charged upon him, her, or them, by any Act or Acts granting the Duties herein mentioned, or any other Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, upon Demand made by the Collector or Collectors of the Division or Place, according to the Precepts or Estreats to him or them delivered by such Commissioners, it shall be lawful to and for such Collector and Collectors, or any of them, who are hereby respectively thereunto authorized and required, for Non-payment thereof, to distrain upon the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Premises, charged with any Sum or Sums of Money, or to distrain the Person or Persons so charged, by hit or their Goods and Chattels and all such other Goods r»r.d Chattels as they are hereby authorized to distraio, without any further Authority from the Commissioners for that Puhpose, than the Warrant to such Collector or Collectors delivered at the Time of his or their Appointment; and the Distress so taken to ktep by the Space of four Days, at the Costs and Charges of the Party so refusing; and if the said Party doth not pay the respective Sums of Money so due, within the said four Days, then the said Distress to be appraised by two or more of the Inhabitants where the said Distress is taken, or other sufficient Persons, and there to be sold by the said Officer for Payment of the said Money, and the Overplus coming by the said Distress (if any there be) after deducting the said Money, and also the Costs and Charges of taking, keeping, and felling the said Distress, which' Costs and Charges the said Officer is hereby authorized to retain, to be restored to the Owner thereof; and moreover it shall be lawful, in such Case, to break open in the Day-time any House, upon Warrant under tlx Hands and Seals of two or more of the said Commissioners obtained for that Purpose, calling to their Affillance the Constable, Tithingman, or Headborough, within the Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Towns, and Places, where any Refusal, Neglect, or Rclillance shall be made, which said, Officers are hereby required to be aiding and assisting in the Premises, as they will answer the contrary at their Peril; and if any Person or Persons appointed to pay any of the Duties charged by any Act or Acts as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Sum or Sums so appointed to be paid, by the Space of ten Days after Demand as aforesaid, where no sufficient Distress can or maybe found whereby the same may be levied, then and in every such Case, two or more of such Commissioners are hereby authorized, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit such Persons to the Common Gaol, there to be kept, without Bail or Mainprize, until Payment shall be-made; and if any Question or Difference shall arise upon taking such Distress, the same shall be determined and ended by two or more of such Commissioners.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed for restrain

the said Commissioners, or any of them, from acting as Commissioners in any Part of the County, Riding, Division, or Place, for which they are appointed; and that all Warrants and Precepts of the said Commissioners, shall and may be executed by the respective Persons to whom the same are directed, in any Part of the same County, Riding, Division, or Place, for which they are appointed..1

XXXV. And whereas it may frequently happen that Persons quitting their Dwelling Houses or Places of

Residence, may remove to other Parishes or Places without first discharging or paying the Duties -charged upon him, her, or them, whereby the said Duties made payable by this Act will be loft, unless such Person or Persons

so removing can, after such Removal, be compelled to pay the same; f be it further enacted, That the Commissioners acting by virtue of this Act, within such Parish or Place where such Duties are charged upon and unpaid by the Person or Persons removing as aforesaid, shall sign and cause to be transmitted a Certificate thereof to the Commissioners acting within the Parish or Place w here the Person or Persons making such Default of Payment shall happen to reside, which Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall and they are thereby empowered to raise and levy the said Duties charged upon the Party or Parties removed as aforesaid, and caute the Monies so raised and levied to be paid to the Collector of the Parish or Place from wffience the said Person or Persons did remove, so as the same may be paid and applied according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Parish or Place shall be in two or more Counties, Ridings, or Divisions, the Duties charged or to be charged in or for such Parish or Place shall be assessed, raised, levied, collected, and paid, by and under the Commissioners acting for that Part of the said Parish or Place where the Church or other Place of publick Worship aforesaid shall be situate, and that the Whole of such Parish or Place shall be deemed for the Purposes of this Act to be situate in such County, Riding, or Division, wherein such Church or other Place of publick Worship shall be situate, and also where any Dwelling House, or any other Premises occupied therewith hereby charged, shall be situate in two or more Parishes, Wards, or Places, the whole Duties to be charged thereon shall be assessed, raised, levied, collected, and paid in one of the said Parishes, Wards, or Places only, and the Party so charged shall be relieved from any second-Assessment made thereon, or any Part thereof, as in other Cases of double Assessments.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Goods or Chattels whatever, belonging to any Person or Persons at the Time any of the said Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act became in Anrrar,

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 99.

shall be liable to be taken by Tiitue of any Execution or other Process, Warrant, or Authority, or by virtue of any Alignment, on any Account or Pretence whatever, except at the S, uit of the Landlord for Rent, unless the Party at whose Suit the said Execution or Seizure shall be sued out or made, or to whom such Asignment shall be made, shall, before the Sale or Removal of such Goods or Chattels, pay or cause to be paid to the Collector or Collectors of the said Duties so due, all Arrears of the said Duties which shall be due at the Time of seizing such Goods or Chattels, or which shall be payable for the Year in which such Seizure shall be made, provided the Duties shall not be claimed for more than one Year; and in case the said Duties shall be claimed for more than one Year, then the said Party at whose Instance such Seizure shall have been made, paying the said Collector or Collectors the aforesaid Duties due for one whole Year, may proceed in his Seizure as he might have done if no Duties had been so claimed; but in case of Refusal to pay the said Duties, the said Collector or Collectors are hereby authorized and required to distrain such Goods and Chattels notwithstanding such Seizure or Asignment, and .proceed to the Sale thereof according to this Act, in order to obtain Payment of the Whole of the said Duties so assessed, together with the reasonable Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and every such Collector so doing shall be indemnified by virtue of this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Remedies, Advantages, Powers, Methods, and Things, which by any Act or Acts concerning Bankrupts, or concerning the Method of recovering Rent in Arrear, are given or granted to any Creditors, Lessors, or Landlords respectively, and all the Powers and Provisions of an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more easy and effectual Proceeding upon Difirefs to be made by Warrants of Justices of the Peace; and also of another Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to authorise Jujiices to impose Fines uton Constables, Overseers, and other Peace and Parish Officers> for Neglect of Duty, Majiers of Apprentices for ill Usage of such their Apprentices, and also to make Provision for the Execution of Warrants of Difirefs granted by Magfirates, as far as the same Powers of the said last mentioned Act relate to the Execution of Warrants of Diflrels granted by Tufliccs of the Peace* shall be used and practised by such respective Comr missioners, and by any Collector, Surveyor, or Inspector as aforesaid, acting under the Authority of such Commissioners, for the recovering and securing any Arrears of such Duties, as are to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, over and above the Powers, Remedies, Rules, and Regulations, contained in this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same Remedies, Advantages, Powers, Provisions, Methods, and Things were particularly and severally repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That at the End of every Quarter of a Year appointed for the Payment of the Sums assessed, or any Part thereof, or within one Calendar Month thereafter, or at such other Times as they shall think expedient, but nevertheless twice at least; videlicet, on or before the first Day of November and the first Day of May Following in evciy Year, and so from Time to Time as often as shall be necessary, the several and respective Commissioners appointed to put this Act in Execution, or any two or more of them, within their Dillrid, shall and are hereby empowered and required to call before them the Collector or Col-Iedors appointed within each Parish or Place, as the Case may require, and to examine him or them upon Oath or solemn Affirmation, and assure themselves of the Sum or Sums of Money that shall have been col-leded and paid to such Collector or Collectors of the Duties given to them, or any of them in charge, and to make such Order therein for the Payment of the same to the Receiver General, on the Day or Time appointed for receiving the fame, as they shall judge necessary; and also to assure themselves of the Sum or Sums in Arrear, and the Cause or Causes^thereof; and also, upon such Oath or Affirmation, to examine the said Collector or Collectors touching the due Payment over of any Sum collected by him or them in any preceding Part of the same Year, and in every such Case to make such Order thertin as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required, in every Year, to call before them the Collector or Collectors appointed in each Parish, Ward, or Place in any former Year, where any Sum or Sums of the Duties charged by virtue of any Act or Acts before mentioned, shall be in Arrear or unpaid to the Receiver General, and to examine the said Collector or Collectors on such Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, and to assure themselves of the Sum or Sums of Money collected by him or them, and of the Sum or Sums in Arrear, and also the Sum or Sums paid over to the Receiver General, and of the Sums remaining in the Hands of the said Collector or CoU ledors, and to make such Order therein as they shall judge necessary to prevent any failure in the Payment in any Part of the Assessment charged by virtue of any such Act or Acts, and so from Time to Time as long as any of the Arrears of the said Duties, or any of them charged upon any of the said Parishes, Wards, or Places shall be in Arrear; and the respective Receivers General, Infptdors, and Surveyors, shall when required so to do, be assisting to such Commissioners in their Inquiry in all Matters relating to their respective Offices.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any wilful Delay or Failure shall happen in demanding, receiving* fccovering, or paying over any Monies of the Duties assessed as aforesaid, through the Default or Neglect of any Collector or Collectors, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners to revoke the Appointment of such Collector or Collectors so in Default or neglecting as aforesaid, and by indorsement on the same Precept or Precepts of Appointment, or otherwise by their Precept, to appoint a Collector or Collectors in his or they* Stead for the Remainder of the Year, with full Powfr to collect the Arrears of the Sum* then due; and it shall also be lawful for such Commissioners, .whenever the same shall be neceslacy, to revoke such last mentioned Appointment, and to appoint a Collector or Collectors in like Manner, from Time to Time, and as often as any such Collector or Collectors fhalLbe guilty of such Default or Neglect, provided Security be taken, if required, as in the Case of an original Appointment, and provided the like Security be taken on every such new Appointment as shall have been required to be taken on the Appointment of Collectors at the Commences ment of any Year, as herein-before is mentioned; and such Collector or Collectors so in Default as aforesaid, shall on the Demand of such Commissioners, deliver up to them or in their Presence to the Collector or CoL ledors newly appointed, all such Certificates of AssessmenU which he or they were charged to collect, and

all

973

for Rent, unless the Party shall pay the Arrear* of Taxes, not exceeding one Year.

On Rcfufil the Collectors may distrain, and fell the Goods for the whole An tars.

Powers of AO*

1 elating CoBank-rupu, Rent, Scc* and of Acts 27 G. 2. c 20. and 33 G.3. c 55. may be used by Commissioners, &c. in recovering Arrears.

Commissionei f* <jumerly or twice a Year at lead, shall examine Collectors on Oath as to Sums collected and paid to Receiver General; also as to the Amount of Arrears, and Cause thereof;

and also the Collector of any former Year.

Receivers-General, See. shall a (Tift Commissioners.

Collectors neglecting their Duty may be dismissed, and the Commissioners may appoint others.

Penalty on Collectors dismissed refufuvg to deliver 10 new Ctd-It &or the Cer-

974 C. 99.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

tifieates of

A/Te(ihienU, &c.

50l.

'Penal'j cm Col-Je^tpri lefufing to attend Commissioners with Ajreffaients#&c. fOl.

Where Monies are not recovered from Col-.Jeftors under Warrant of Commissioners, : he Amount ./hall be recoverable as a Debt upon Record,c.

Collectors, when required by Churchwardens, flee. shall deliver a Statement of their Account, on Penalty of 10K

If Collectors do not demand Duties as directed by 4 13., or in Default of Pay-Hient, proceed within 2 Months, the Parish shall attfwer for Defaulters.

Collectors shall not insert in any Schedule to be returned into the Exchequer, any Pei ion as a Defaulter, unless upon Oath as to Certain Particulars.

CollfCton shall make Returns, on Oath, of Defaulters.

Commissioners, after Examination of Collectors, shall make out Schedules of the several Sums

*11 Accounts of Receipts and Vouchers of Payment as aforesaid, and also shall pay to the Receiver General all Suras then in his or their Hands, at such Time as such Commissioners shall appoint; and if any Person after such Removal from the Office of Collector, shall refuse or neglect to do any Matter or Thing required by this Act, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be changed in any Assessment ut such Duties as aforesaid, for such Parish, Ward, or Place, and recovered as such Assessment may be recovered; and shall also remain liable to such other Forfeitures and Disabilities that may be incurred by virtue of this Act, for detaining the said Monies in his Hands after such Demand made of the same as aforesaid.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector being duly summoned, shall refuse to attend such respective Commissioners, or shall not answer all such lawful Questions as shall be demanded of him by such Commissioners, touching the Execution of his Office of Collector, or shall refuse or neglect to produce to them the Certificates of Assessments, Accounts, or Vouchers of such Receipts or Payments as aforesaid, or shall not obey the Order of such Commissioners to be made as before directed, every such Collector shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be charged upon him in any Assessment as aforesaid, and to be recovered as such Assessment may be recovered, over and above any* Forfeiture or Disability that may be incurred by virtue of this Act for detaining Monies of the said Duties iu his Hands, contrary' to this Act; and whenever any Money of the said Duti herein mentioned shall be detained in the Hands of any Collector or Collectora, or any Penalty or Penalties impeded on any Collector or Collectors shall remain unpaid, and the fame, oar any Part thereof, cannot be recovered by or under the Warrant or Authority of the respective Commissiontm, or the said respective Commissioners shall neglect to issue such Warrant, then such Part thereof as cannot be fb recovered, which shall have a rife n from the said Duties, shall be recoverable as a Debt upon Record to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with all Costs and Charges attending the same; and such Part thereof which shall arise from any Penalty as aforesaid, may be recovered by Action or Information, as other Penalties may by this Act be recovered, with full Cods of Suit; and the Sum so recovered shall be paid to the Receiver General, in Aid of the Parish or Place answerable for the same.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enfiftew. That the Collector or Collector appointed for any Parish, Ward, or Place as aforesaid, when required so to do by the Church wardens and O veneers or Guardians of the Pocfr, or any two of them, or the select Vestry as aforesaid, or any seven of them, shall deliver to them respectively an Account in Writing of the Sums received by such Collector or Collectors, and of the Sums in Arrear, and of the Sums remaining in his or their Hands, and also of the Sums paid to the Receiver General; and if any Collector shall refuse or neglect so to do, within fourteen Days after u*ch Demand shall be made, he shall forfeit and pay to the Use of the Poor of such Parish or Place, where such Collector shall reftde, the Sum of twenty Pounds.

v XL 111. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector to be appointed as aforesaid shall neglect or refofie to demand Payment of all Sums of Money given in charge to such Collector of the respective Persons chargeable therewith, or leave a Demand in Writing at their respective Places of lad Abode, or on the Premises, charged with the Assessment, as the Case may require, within the Time herein limited; or in case of Default of Payment thereof upon such Demand, shall neglect or refuse to execute the Warrant or Precept of the Commissioners for recovering the fame, within two Calendar Months after the said Duties are payable, as by this Act is directed, it shall not be lawful for such Collector to insert in the Schedule to be by the Receiver General returned into the Exchequer, the Name of such Person as having made Default of Payment of any of the Sums rated or assessed on such Person, but the Parish, Ward, or Place respectively for which such Collector shall have been appointed, shall be answerable for the fame, in the Manner directed by any Act or Acts for granting the said Duties herein mentioned.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That no Collector appointed for any Parish, Ward, or Place, shall be allowed to insert in any Schedule the Name of any Person to be returned into the Exchequer as not baring paid the Duties made payable by any Act or Acts herein mentioned, unless such Collector shall make Oath, or, being one of the People called Quakers, shall make and subscribe a solemn Affirmation before two Commissioners (who respectively shall certify the said Oath or Affirmation on the said Schedule), that the Sum for which such Person is so returned in Default, is due and wholly unpaid, either to such Collector, or to any other Person or Persons for such Collector, to the bed of his Knowledge and Belief, and that such Person became Insolvent or Bankrupt before the Day on which the Duties became payable, and had not Goods and Chattels sufficient whereon to raise and levy such Duties within the Parish, Ward, or Place, for which such Collector shall have been appointed at any Time since such Duties became payable, or that such Person removed from the Parish, Ward, or Plate for which such Collector shall have been appointed before the Day on which such Duties became payable, without leaving therein sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon such Duties then payable could be raised and levied, and that there were not nor are any Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons liable to the Payment of such Duties in Arrear, or any Part thereof, whereby the fame, or any Part thereof, could or might be raised or levied, which Oath or Affirmation shall be indorsed on such Schedule.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Collectors appointed as aforesaid shall make a due Return fairly written on Paper, under their Hands, to such Commissioners, containing the Names, Surnames, and Places of Abode of every Person within their respective Collections, from whom such Collector or Collectors shall not have been able to collect or receive such Duties for any of the Causes before mentioned, and which shall have been duly verified on the Oath of such Collector as aforesaid, and the particular Reason for returning each Defaulter, and the Sum and Sums charged upon every such Person; and such Commissioners, after due Examination thereof on the Oaths or Affirmations as aforesaid of the Collectors, shall ascertain the Sums which, according to the Provisions of any of the said Acts herein mentioned, shall have been discharged from Assess-raent for any Cause therein specially allowed; and the said Commissioners ihalLalfo make wt their Schedules

containing

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 99. 97

discharged from I lie Assesstiienis, or villi which the Defaulter* ought to be charged, or whjcli ought to be ie-assessed upon the Parish; and deliver the same to the Receiver General: to be returned iuio the Exchequer, that Process may issue.

In Default thereof Receiver General shall return the Paiiib.

containing the Sums fb discharged, and the Sums with which each and every such Defaulter ought to be charged, and the Sums which shall not have been collectedby Occasion of the Xolleftoris Neglect, and which ought to be rc-assessed on the Parish, Ward, or Place as aforesaid, and shall cause the said several Particulars to be inserted in a Schedule fairly written on Parchment, under the Hands and Seals of such Commissioners, or any two or more of them, containing the Names and Surnames of the said Collectors, and the same to be delivered to the Receiver General, to be returned by such Receiver General into his Majesty's said Court of Exchequer, wheredpon every Person so making Default of Payment, and each Parish, Ward, or Place, so in Default, may be charged by Process of Court according to the Course thereof in that Behalf; and in Default of such Schedule made out according to the Directions of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Rtceiver-General, and he is hereby required to return every such Parish, Ward, or Place insuper, for all Sums not paid to the Receiver General, and contained in the Duplicate of Assessment to him delivered, and all such Sums so returned shall in such Case be re-assessed on such Parish, Ward, or Place; and all and every the proper Officers therein concerned shall and they are hereby required to take Care, from Time to Time, that such Process be duly issued and made effectual, so that all such Sums as shall be in Arrear and unpaid as aforesaid, may be speedily recovered and paid into his Majesty's Exchequer; and if any such Collector shall neglect or refuse to make such Return in Manner before diirested, every such Collector shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds. i/ifuper Penalty on Collector neg^ing to make Returns, ieol*.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Commissioners aforesaid, shall causetwo Duplicates Commissioners of every Assessment to be made out on Parchment by their Clerk, within one Month at farthest after the stall cause Du-tenth Day of February, after the making the said Assessment yearly, and one of them to be delivered unto the respective Receivers-General, and the other of them transmitted into the Office of King's Remembrancer be made out^ in the Exchequer, for which Duplicates the proper Officer shall give Acquittances gratis, so as every of them yearly within may be duly charged to answer their respective Collections and Receipts, and the said Duplicates shall be 1 Month after made for the same Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, Wards, Parishes, or Places, or Divisions, for which Fcb- l0».One distinct Duplicates are directed to be made out, or may be made by virtue of the said recited Act for granting Rccive^-an Aid by a Land Tax before mentioned, and every such Duplicate shall contain the Names and Surnames of other for the* the several Assessors and Collectors for every Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, Ward, Parish, or Remem-Place, or other Division, and the full Amount of the Sums given in charge to the Collectors throughout the bmncei's Office, whole Year, shall be inserted without any Discharge, Diminution, or Defalcation on any Pretence whatever; Duplicates shall and if any Clerk to such Commissioners shall neglect or refuse to make out and deliver such Duplicates as afore- conlai" the full said, within the Time and in Manner herein-before directed, or shall make any selfe Entry, or omit any Sum or chTr ^toVhe Sums in such Duplicates, every such Clerk shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and on Con- Collector*. viction thereof shall be discharged from his feid Office. Penally on Clerks neglecting to make out Duplicates, See. tool, and Dismissal-

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in case there shall be any Failure of assessing or charging the On Failure in feid Duties in any Parish, Ward, or Place, or of returning the Duplicates of the Assessments made for any assessing such Pariflt, Ward, or Place, or of raising or paying the several Sums charged upon any Person or Persons in re*

any such Parish, Ward, or Place, within the respective Times limited by this Act, the Receiver General acting c^«U^ecri\*er-for the Duties charged or to be charged on such Parish, Ward, or Place, shall and may at any Time after such General ftiail Failure hath happened, certify to the Barons of the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, the particular Parish ceuity the same and Parishes, Ward or Wards, or Place and Places, and the particular Division where any such Failure hath to the Court of happened, and the Cause thereof to the bed of his Knowledge, together with the Names of the Com- Exchequer, with miiuoners appointed as aforesaid to act for the Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, City, Ward, Town, or CommUJ^ners* Place, or the Division wherein such Failure hath happened, or any two or more of them residing within such Alftflbrs, Division, Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, City, Ward, Town, or Place, and also the Names of the Afr and they strali* feffors and Collectors, and the several Persons belonging to such Parish or Place charged to such Duties, and who shall have made Failure in the Payment thereof, in case an Assessment shall have been made, which feid Commissioners, Assessors, and Collectors, and any Person or Persons charged with such Duties, shall be respectively liable to Process for such Neglect by the Order of such Barons, according te the Exigency of the Case, which Process shall be by Writ of DiJfringas, to be forthwith and from Time to Tirnf, as there shall be Occasion, issued out of the said Court on the Application of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, against: such of the said Commissioners, Officers, or persons, who shall have made such Failure; upon which Writ of Dtflringas, the Sheriff or other Officer to whom the same shall be directed shall return such issues as the said Court shall order at the Return of such Writ, and immediate Process shall thereupon issue for- levying the feme, out of and under the Seal of the said Court of Exchequer, unless the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall certify to the said Court, if in the Term Time, or to any one of the said Barons, if in the Vacation, that the Commissioners, Officers, and other Persons, against whom such Writ issued, have complied with the Diregions of this Act, in which Case it shall be lawful for such Court or Baron to cause such Process to be respited till a future Day, and so from Time to Time, or to be finally discharged.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies of the Duties herein-mentioned, to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, shall, at such Times as shall be appointed for the Payment thereof, be paid by the -.particular Collectore who shall collect the feme, unto the Receiver General now or for the Time being, appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, or the G^eraTor*hfs Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, to receive the feme, or the Deputy or Deputies of such Receiver General, to be appointed under his Hand and Seal, and whom he is hereby authorized to appoint, and for whom he shall be answerable, whereof Notice shall be given by the Receiver-General unto the Commissioners, or any two or more of them, within their respective Districts, within twenty Days after the first Meeting, yearly, and so from Time to Time, within twenty Days after every Death

or

Lc respectively liable to Process byDijbtngai % on Application of Tax Office, who flulj certify CompliaoceVitit. the Act, S»c!

Collectors shall pay ihe Amount

Deputy, of who fa Appointment Notice shall be given to Cota-mifiioaerc-

976 C. 99' 43 GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Receivers-General shall give Hecpi pis to Collectors giatii.

Receiver General shall baden

Collectors in their Payments; and in Default shall levy upon the Collectors'

' Goods. Collectors not obliged to travel above 10 Miles. Penalty on Collectors gathering by i false Book, or receiving more than due, or liaudulently altering any Kate, iool.

If Collectors le-filfc to pay Duties received by them, or to deliver their Account'-, Commissioners may imprison them, and lei re ihcir Ett.ite and Effects; and at a Meeting on Notice mav fell t'»e said Estate, ire.

Receiver General shall deliver Certificates of Sums received by him in each Parish, on Penalty not exceeding to!,

Receiver General shall pay Monies received by them, into the Exchequer.

Receiver General (unless his Accounts are passed within l Years) shall not return any County, &c. irifuper for Arrears, but shall remain answer-able.

or Removal of any Deputy, whenever any such shall happen* and the said Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, shall give Receipts gratis to the said Collectors for all Monies by them received in pursuance of such Act or Acts; and the Receipt of such Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, or any of them, shall be a sufficient Discharge unto every such Collector.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Receivers-General, their Deputy or Deputies, are hereby empowered and required to call upon and hasten the Collectors to make the Payments of all Sums received by them of such Duties as aforesaid; and in Default of such Payment, to cause the same to be levied by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two or more of such Commissioners, upon the Collectors, by Diurefs and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, such Sum and Sums of Money as he or they hath or have received, and as ought by him or them to have been paid, and is not paid.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the particular Collectors for Payment of arty Sums by them received, unto such Receiver General or his Deputy, shall not be obliged to travel above ten Miles from the Place of their Habitations.

LI. And be it further enacted, That no Collector or Collectors of any of the Duties herein mentioned, shall collect or gather the same by any Rate or Book, other than such Rate and Book as shall be signed and allowed by such Commissioners as aforesaid, or any two or more of them; and that in case any such Collector or Collectors shall collect the same by any other Rate or Bo<*k, or shall receive such Duties from any Person or Persons not charged therewith, or shall collect from any Person or Persons more Money than is aduaiDy charged in such Rate or Book, and not pay the whole Money by him coUeded, or fraudulently alter any such Rate or Bo<Jc, after the same hath been signed and allowed by such Commissioners as aforesaid, every such Collector or Collectors shall for every such OfTence forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Collector or Collectors shall neglect or refuse to pay any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be by him or them received as aforesaid, as in and by this Act is directed, and shall detain in his or their Hands any Money received by them or any of them, and not pay the same at such Time as by this Act is directed, or shall have wilfully refused to give an Account to such Commissioners as aforesaid, of the Sum* by him or them collected in Manner before directed, the said respective Commissioner*, or any two or more of them, in their respective Jurisdictions, are hereby authorized and empowered to imprison the Person, and seize and secure the Eifate, as w-cll Freehold as of, and all other Estate, both Real and Personal, of such Collector or Collectors to him or them belonging, or which shall defeend or come into the Hands or Possession of his or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, wheresoever the same can be discovered and found; and such Commissioners who shall so seize and secure the Estate of any Collector or Collectors, shall and are hereby empowered to appoint a Time for a Meeting of the Commissioners for such Division, City, Town, or Place, and there to cause publick Notice to be given of the Place where such Meeting shall be appointed, ten Days at lead before such Meeting; and the Commissioners present at such Meeting, or the majqr Part of them, in case the Accounts of such Collector be not duly delivered, or the Monies detained by any such Collector or Collectors be not paid or satisfied, as ought to be done according to the Directions of this Act, shall be and are hereby empowered and required to sell and dispose of all such Estates which shall he for the Cause aforesaid seized and secured, or any Part of them, to satisfy and pay into the Hands of the Receiver General the Sum that shall not be so accounted for, or shall be lo detained in the Hands of such Collector oV Collectors, their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators respectively, together with the reasonable Costs and Charges of recovering, raifuig, and paying the fame; which Costs and Charges shall be ascertained and settled by ti*e said Commissioners, and the Overplus (if any) shall be redored to the Person who owned the Estate before the Sale thereof.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That at every Time and Place appointed by the Commissioners of the Didrid, for the Collectors to pay in the Monies to be paid to the Receiver General or ht3 Deputy, the said Receiver General or his Deputy, udder his Hand, shall deliver a Lid or Certificate fairly written, to such Person as such Commissioners, or any two or more of them, or the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any three or more of them for the Time being, shall under their Hands authorize and appoint to attend then and there for that Purpose, containing the Several and respective Sums of Money then and there or before that Time paid by the respective Collectors for each Parish, Ward, or Place in that District ? and in case there shall be any Refusal or Neglect in delivering such Lids or Certificates as aforesaid, such Receiver General or his Deputy so refusing or neglecting, shall forfeit any Sum of Money not exceeding twenty Pounds.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Receivers-General shall pay the Several Sums of Money by them received, as soon after the Receipt thereof as conveniently can be done, and at such Times and in such Manner as shall be Jireded under the Authority of this Act; and in case fu.4i Receiver General or his Deputy shall pay any Part of the Monies paid to him or them by any Collector, to any Person or Persons whatsoever other than into the Receipt of his Majesty's said Exchequer, and at or within the respective Times limited by this Act, (except the necessary Charges of receiving, levying, managing, paying, and accountii\g for the lame, as is heitin-after directed, and except such Payments as (hah be made by Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament, ) then such Receiver General shall for ever)- such Offence of himself or his Deputy forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

LV. And be it further enacted, That no such Receiver General, or any Heirs, Executors, or Adminfllra-tors of such Receiver, shall in any Accounts of the Monies wherewith such Receivers shall be chargeable as aforesaid (unless such Account shall be declared and passed in the Exchequer, within two Years at the furthed after the End of the Year for which such Rates and Duties shall be payable), be allowed or admitted to set infupcr\ or charge any County, Division, or Place for any Monies granted by any Act or Acts herein mentioned, which shall be in Arrear and itapaid, but that the same shall remain a Debt upon every such Receiver, to be answered by him and his Securities, his and their Heirs, Executors, arid Administrators, Lands, Tenements, Goods, and Chattels respectively $ any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III.

C. 99. 977

LVI. c And to the Intent the Receivers General may return a true Account into his Majesty Court of*Exchequer of such Sums of Money as shall be received by them, and every of their-Deputy and Deputies be it further enacted, That if any such Receiver General shall return or certify unto the said Court, any Sum or Sums of Money to be in Arrear or unpaid, after the same have been received either by such Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, or any of them, or shall cause any Person or Persons to be set insuper in the said Court, for any Sum or Sums of Money that have been io received, that then every such Receiver General shall forfeit to every Person and Persons that shall be molested, vexed, or damaged, by reason of such uujull Certificate, Return, or setting insuper >, Double the Damages that shall be thereby occasioned, the said Damages to be recovered by Adlitmof Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in which no Essoign, Protection, or W.iger of Law, shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance; and shall also forfeit to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, Double the Sum that shall be so unjuilly certified or returned, or cause to be set insuper, to be recovered as other Penalties may be recovered by this Act.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Receiver General shall die or be removed, Notice thereof shall be given by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to two or more Commissioners acting for each District in the County or Place for which such Receiver was appointed, before the Time appointed for the next quarterly Payment of any of the Duties herein mentioned and so from Time to Time upon the Death or Re-

moval of such Receiver General.

Receiver General returning any Sums in Arrear or rw/h-per % after he has received the fame, shall forfeit Double Damages.

Tax Office shall give Notice of Death or Removal of Receivers-Ceneral to Commissioners of the Districts.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no such Receiver General, or any of his Agent or Agents, Servant or Servants by him employed for carrying any of the Monies to be received for or on account of any of the Duties herein mentioned, shall maintain any Action or Actions against any Hundred or Hundreds for or upon account of his or their being robbed on the King's Highway of any of the said Monies, unless the Person or Persons carrying, or accompanying the Person or Persons carrying such Monies, shall at the Time of such Robbery be together in Company, and be in Number three at the least, to attest the Truth of his or their being so robbed; any Law, Statute, or Provision to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Constables, Headboroughs, Tythingmen, and other his Majesty's Officers, shall, and are hereby required and enjoined, to be respectively aiding and assisting in the Execution of this Act, and of every Act or Act for granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, and to obey and execute such Precepts and Warrants as shall be to them directed in that Behalf by the respective Commissioners hereby appointed, or any two or more of them.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time hereafter, wilfully obstruct any Assessor or Assessors, Collector or Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, in the due Execution of his or their said Office or Offices, Duty or Duties respectively, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty^Pounds.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Receivers General, their Deputy and Deputies, Surveyors, Inspectors, and all other Officers and Persons who shall be employed in the Execution of this Act, or any Act or Acts for granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, shall observe and follow such Orders, Inltrudiion8, and Directions as they shall from Time to Time receive from the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, now or for the Time being, or the High Treasurer for the Time being.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That one Moiety of all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, or any Act or Acts for granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, may, if sued for within the Space of twelve Calendar Months from the Time of such Penalties being incurred, in Manner herein next mentioned, be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Cods of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same within the Time aforesaid, except where any Penalty is or shall be directed to be paid to the Use of the Poor of any Parish; and all such Penalties may be sued for in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster lov Offences committed in England or Ber- % uick-upon-Tcweedy or in the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, /or Offences committed in Wales, by Action of Debt or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; but nevertheless it shall be lawful for his Majesty's Attorney General, in case it shall appear to his Satisfaction that any Penalty or Forfeiture was incurred without Intention of Fraud, to (lay all further Proceedings in such Suits or Prosecutions, by entering a Noliprofequiy or otherwise, with respect as well as to the Share of such Penalty or Forfeiture claimed by such Informer or Informers, as to the Share thereof belonging to his Majesty.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recoverable in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General, on the Part of his Majesty, by Information in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster; and in Default of Prosecution within the Time herein-before limited, no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable in any other Manner, in all which Cases, (except where the same is directed to be paid to the Use of the Poor of any Parish or Place, ) the Whole of such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall be paid into the Hands of the proper Receiver General or his Deputy, to the Use of his Majesty; and that in all Cases where the Whole of such pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recovered for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes to cause such Reward as they shall think fit, not exceeding one Moiety of such Penalty or Forfeiture so recovered, after dedudrirg all Chargee and Expewces incurred in recovering the fame, to be paid thereout to or amongst any Person or Persons who shall appear to them entitled thereto as Informer or Informers, in respect of such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such pecuniary Penalties qot exceeding twenty Pounds imposed by this Act, or any Act or Acts for granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations

43 Geo. III. 6 1 of

Receiver General shall not maintain Action again# the Hundred on being robbed, unless three Persons are in Company.

Constables, &c. shall be aiding and assisting in the Execution of this Act.

Penalty on Persons obstructing Officers, 50l.

Receivers-General, ice. shall follow Instru^-tions, tcc. of the Treasury.

Application of Penalties sued

for within ji

Months.

Attorney-General mjy fray Proceedings.

Recovery and Application of Penalties not sued for within 12 Months.

One Moiety o; Penalties recovered for his Majesty's Use may be disposed of in rewarding Inloimers.

Penalties not exceeding 20l. shall be recover-

978 C. 99* 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

able before two Commission era, and also PenaU tiei exceeding that Amount, if directed1 ta be added to the AiTefTinems. [* §41. j

Commissioners may mitigate Penalties to one. Mjicty.

Informers may receive such Proportion of Penalties as Commissionerj shall certify to ifce Tax Office.,

Proceedings of Commissioners not subject to Revision, except on Cases for the Opinion of the Judges.

Persons giving false Evidence before Commissioners liable to Punishments for Perjury.

Indictment for Perjury shall be tried in the County where

Deposition

exhibited.

Hooks of Atfe(T-ments, and all other Rooks and Papers relative to the Duties, declared to be the Property of the Commissioners of the Distntfs for the Time being, and in Successioa.

Heifons having any Books or Papers relating to the Duties of this Act, may be recoverable before two or more Commissioners for executing this Act; and also such of the Penalties exceeding twenty Pounds as are directed to be added to the Assessment of the Duties in any Parish, Ward, or Place in the District where the Offence shall be committed; and such Commissioners shall take Cognizance of such Offence upon Information or Cotnplaint in Writing made to them, and upon a Summons to the Party accused to appear before the said Commissioners, at such Time and Place a3 they shall fix, or without such Summons, in case the Party or Parties shall have been surcharged before the said Commissioners, and shall have appealed against the fame, and shall appear upon such Appeal before the said Commissioners, and such Commissioners shall examine into the Matter of Fad, and proceed to hear and determine the same in a summary Way; and upon Proof made thereof, either by voluntary Confession of the Party accused, or by the Oath or solemn Affirmation of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or otherwise as the Case may require, to give Judgement for the Penalty, or for such Part thereof to which Part thereof the said Commissioners shall think proper to mitigate the fame, not being in any Case less than one Moiety of such Penalties, and to assess the same upon the Party, and charge the same in the Assessment to which the Penalty adjudged shall particularly relate, and in Addition to the Duty, in case the Party shall be charged therewith, and which Penalties so adjudged shall be levied in like Manner a8 the said Duties; and the Informer or Informers shall in all such Cases, (except where the Penalty is to be paid to the Poor of any Parish or Place, in which Case the Receiver General shall pay the same to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Place, or one of them, ) be entitled to receive from the Receiver General one Moiety of the Amount of such Penalties, in such Shares, where two or more of them are concerned, as the Commissioners for executing this Act shall certify to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes they are respectively entitled unto, and the said Adjudication of the Commissioners shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, without Power of appealing from the same; and the Proceedings of the Commissioners shall not be removeable by any Process whatever into any Court of Law or Equity, or be subject to Revilion, except in such Cases where a Surcharge shall be made, and a Case shall be demanded and Hated for the Opinion of one of the Justices or Barons of the superior Courts, conformably to the Directions contained in any Act or Acts, granting the Duties to which ffich Surcharges shall relate.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons upon any Examination on Oath or Affirmation shall wilfully give false Evidence, or make any false Oath or Affirmation or Affidavit, or shall wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, before the Commissioners for executing this Act, or any of them, touching any Matter or Thing within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, or any Act or Acts for granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, shall be prosecuted for the fame; every such Person or Persons being couvided thereof, shall be subject and liable to the same Punishment and Disqualifications as Persons are subject and liable to for wilful and corrupt Perjury, by the Laws and Statutes of the Realm of England.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That any Indictment or Information for Perjury committed in any such Examination, Affidavit, or Deposition wiiereon the same shall be made, shall and may be laid, tried, and determined in the County where the same shall be exhibited to the Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, or the said Act or Acts before mentioned.

LXVII. 4 And whereas many Difficulties and Inconveniencies have arisen to the Commissioners for the Time being, acting in the Execution of the several Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to be levied by them, and many like Difficulties may arise to the Commissioners, for the Time being, acting in the Execution of this Act, or any other Act or Acts for granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, in levying the Duties by the said Acts made payable,

upon the Death or Removal of their respective Clerks, into whose Custody all the Duplicates of the several Books of Assessments, Minute Books, and other Books and Papers relating to the Business of the said several Duties, in their respective Divisions, have been delivered; such Clerks so removed, or the Executors or Administrators, or legal Representatives of such Clerk so dying, frequently refusing to deliver over such Duplicates, Books, and Papers to the said Commissioners, for the Time being, or to their Order or Appointment, under a Pretence that the said Commissioners have no Property in the fame, and are without Remedy for the Recovery thereof be it therefore enacted, That all and every the Duplicates of the several Book* of Assessments which have been or shall be made and delivered by the respective Assessors of the said several Duties, to the Commissioners in any Division or Place, or to their respective Clerks for the Time being, and which are or shall be in the Custody, Keeping, or Possession of such Commissioners or Clerks respectively, and all Minute Books, and other publick Books and Papers relating to the said several Duties, in the Custody, Keeping, or Possession of any such Clerk or Clerics who hath or have been or shall be removed from such Office or Offices, or in the Custody, Keeping, or Possession of the Executors, Administrators, or other legal Representatives of any Person or Persons who hath or have died, or shall die during his or their holding such Office or Offices, or after his or their Removal from the same, or in the Custody, Keeping, or Possession of Ills or their respective Agent or Attorney, or of any other Person or Persons soever, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be the Property of the Commissioners of the said several Duties, acting in the respective Divisions or Places, for the Time being, and in Succession, as Records of and belonging to them the said Commissioners, for their Use and Inspection, and shall be placed and deposited with and remain in the Custody, Keeping, and Possession of them the said Commissioners, or their respective Clerks for the Time being, or such other Person as the said Commissioners, or any two, or more of them, for the Time being, shall from Time to Time at their Meetings order, direct, or appoint.

LXV 111. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons whatever, now or at any Time hereafter, having in his or their Custody, Keeping, or Possession, any such Books or Papers aforesaid, relating to the said several Duties in this Act mentioned, shall, within the Space of one Calendar Month next after

7 Notice

G.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 99.

Notice in Writing, signed by three or more of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes (a true Copy thereof being given to or left at the usual Place of Abode of such Person or Persons) deliver and give up all such Books and Papers, unto such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes by such Notice shall order and appoint, whose Receipt of the same shall be a good and sufficient Discharge to such Person or Persons so delivering such Books and Papers; and if any such Person or Persons now or at any Time hereafter having in his or their Custody, Keeping, or Possession, any such' Books or Papers, shall refuse or neglect to deliver the same within the Time limited by such Notice, and Demand made, he or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds; and all such Books and Papers shall be delivered by the Person or Persons so appointed to such of the Commissioners for executing this Act, as the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall think proper, for the effectual and speedy Execution of the Powers by this Act granted*

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Commissioner or Commissioners, who shall be employed in the Execution of this Act, or any Act or Acts for granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulation of this Act, shall be liable for or by reason of such Execution, to any of the Penalties mentioned in an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of King Charles the Second for preventing of Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or any Act for granting Duties to be assessed tinder the Re-

fulations of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the 'aft committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint didarife, and not elsewhere; and no Writ or Process shall be sued out for the Commencement of such Action or Suit, until one Calendar, Month next after Notice in Writing shall have been delivered to, or left at the usual Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, by the Attorney ot Agent for the intended Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in which Notice shall be clearly and completely contained, the Cause and Cnufes of Action, the Name and Place or Places of Abode of the intended Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and of his or their Attorney or Agent, and no Evidence shall be given on the Trial of such Action or Suit of any Cause or Causes of Action, than such as is or are contained in such Notice; and the intended Defendant or Defendants to whom such Notice shall have been delivered, may at any Time before the Expiration of such Calendar Month, tender Amends to the intended Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, his or thftir Attorney or Agent, and in case such Atnends are not accepted, may plead such Tender in Bar to any Action or Suit, to be brought against him or them, grounded on such Notice, Writ, or Process; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and also such Tender, and any other Plea with Leave of the Court in Bar of such Action or Suit; and may give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant in apy such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; and if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same a9 any Defendant hath in any other Case to recover Colls by Law; and every such Action or Suit which shall be brought against any Collector or Collectors appointed under this Act, shall be defended by the Commission^ acting for the Division or Place where such Collector shall have been appointed, and the Costs and Charges attending the fame, as also any other Action or Suit to be brought by or against Commissioners or Collectors in pursuance of this Act, or for any Thing -done in purfuarice of this Act, or any Act for granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, shall be defrayed by an Assessment made on the Parish or Place for which such Collector or Collectors shall hare been appointed, in a just Proportion to the Amount of the Duties payable under this Act, on the respective Persons charged to the same in the Assessment to be made next after the Time when the said Coils and Charges shall have been incurred.

SCHEDULE (A).

The Form of the OATH required to be taken by Comxmffioners, before they aft in the Execution of this Act.

I A.B. do swear, That I will truly, faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the best of my Skill

and Knowledge, execute the several Powders and Authorities reposed in me as a Commissioner, by an Act,

paired in the forty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act [here tnfert the Title of this AdT\y or by any other Act or Acts, granting to his Majesty any Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of the said Act, and that I will judge and determine upon all Appeals, and all other Matters and Things which shall be brought before me as a Commissioner under the said Acts, or any of them, without Favour or Affection. So help me GOD.

SCHEDULE (B.)

The Form of the OATH or AFFIRMATION required to be taken by Assessors, before they aft in Execution of this Act.

T A. JR. do swear [or % affirm, as the Case may require], That I will diligently execute the Office of an Aflef-

for, to which I am appointed by Authority of an Act, passed in the forty-third Year of the RciVn of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act \l)cre insert the Title of this A8\ and that in the Assessment which I am required to make by any other Act or Acts, granting tso his Majesty any Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of the said Act, I will faithfully and honestly aft without Favour or Affection, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge. So help me GOD.

6 I z CAP.

e

979

shall deliver the fume to Persons appointed by Tax-Office, on Penalty of 50l. Person* receiving the same shall deliver them to the re-speciive Commissioners under this Act.

Commissioner* under this A^l not liable to the Penalties in the a 5 Car. 2. c. 2.

Limitation of Actions, flu Months.

Notice of Action.

Tender of Amends may be pleaded fn Bar.

[General Issue.]

Treble Cost*.

Actions against Collectors shall be def ended ly the Commi ffioneis. Costs thereof, and of all Adii-'tis by ot against Commit-ftoneis. Act*, shall be defraved by Afttftmeui.

980 C. 100, 101.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

CAP. C.

43G. 3. C. 50. 9'*4*3

Every Man halloaed to fei ve in ihc Militia, who tH.tll he im-pri foiled for re-l using to be examined, shall be liable'to be enrolled if fit to serve.

Substitutes,

&c. five Feet two Inches high, sufficient. Mayors, &c. of the Cinque Ports, may

aft as Deputy Lieutenants under 43 G. 3. c. 82. $ 39>

40.); and the Warden may appoint Persons qualified under Militia Act,

42 G. 3. c. 90. Warden alone may authoi ize Mayors, See. to issue Orders for returning Lifts, Jcc.

Warden, Sec. at a General Meeting, may appoint the Number to be raised for each Port, See.

43 G. 3. c. 82.

Commissioners of Lieutenancy for London, Stc. authorized to put this Act in Execution, and to

An Act to render more effectual two Acts, made in this present Session of Parliament, for the more speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, and for raising ail additional Military Force for the better Defence of the United Kingdom, [27th July 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for more speedilj

completing the Militia of Great Britain, raised under two Acts, passed in the forty second Tear of the 1 Reign of his present Majesty, and for amending the said Acts, it is among other Things enacted, that every bal- lotted Man to be enrolled to serve in the Militia of Great Britain should, previous to his Enrolment, be examined upon Oath before the Deputy Lieutenants as to his Residence, Age, and Family; and that if any Person should refuse to be examined as to his Fitness to serve in the Militia, such Person might be impri-

foned for any Time not exceeding one Week: And whereas Doubts have arisen upon the true Construction of the said Act be it therefore enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every ballotted Man who shall have been or shall hereafter be ballotted to serve in the Militia of Great Britain, and who shall haverefufed or shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, as directed by the said Act, and shall have been or shall be imprisoned on account of refusing to be examined as to his Fitness to serve in the Militia, shall, notwithstanding, be liable to be enrolled to serve in the said Militia, if he shall appear to the Deputy Lieutenants a proper Person to be so enrolled, in such and the like Manner, and under the like Penalties and Provisions as are enacted in any of the Militia Laws of Great Britain 5 any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, that no Substitute or Volunteer offered for Service in the Militia of Great Britain, being of the full Height of five Feet two Inches, who shall be otherwise able bodied and fit for Service, shall be deemed unfit for Service, or be liable to be discharged on account of his Stature.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Mayors, Jurats, or other Magistrates, for the Time being, of each of the Cinque Ports, two ancient Towns and their Liberties, and the several Members thereof, shall and may act as Deputy Lieutenants for the Purposes of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble, in England, an additional Military Force, for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the IVar; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Warden of the said Cinque Ports, two ancient Towns, and their Members, to appoint any other Persons qualified in the Manner directed by an Act made in the forty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending the Lavas relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia, to act in like Manner as Deputy Lieutenants within the same: Provided always, that the said Warden may, without the Concurrence of any Meeting of Deputy Lieutenants, authorize the said Mayors, Jurats, and Magistrates, or Deputy Lieutenants, within such Ports, Towns, Liberties, and Members, to issue their Orders to the respective Constables within the same, to return within a limited Time, Lists of all Persons liable to serve in the Army to be raised by virtue of the said recited Act, for such Port, Town, Liberty, and Member respectively, in the Manner required by the said recited Act, and by the said Act of the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and may appoint such Times as may appear to him to be necessary and proper for the Returns and Notices to be made and given conformably to the Directions of the said recited Act.

IV. Provided also, That it shall be lawful for the said Warden, and the said Mayors, Jurats, Magistrates, or Deputy Lieutenants, at a General Meeting to be holden as soon as may be, after the said Lifts (haB have been returned, to appoint the Number of Men to be raised in pursuance of the said Act of this Session, for each of the said Ports, two ancient Towns, and their Liberties, and the several Members thereof respectively, and the Number of Men so appointed, shall be raised, ballotted for, and sworn in, pursuant to the Provisions of the said Act.

CAP. CL

An Act for raising in the City of London, a certain Number of Men as an Addition to the Military Force of Great Britain, for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War.

[27th July 1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that a certain Number of Men should be raised as an Addition to the Mi- litary Force in Great Britain, for the more effectual Defence and Security of the United Kingdom against the avowed Designs of the Enemy, and for the vigorous Prosecution of the War: And whereas the City of London, notwithstanding the Exemptions from raising Men for Military Service contained in their Charters, are desirous, and have voluntarily offered to raise eight hundred Men, in Addition to and to be incorporated with the Men to be raised in the several Counties m England, under or by virtue of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble, in England, an additional Military Force, for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the IVar : May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the City of London, acting in the Execution of the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Trained Bands, or Militia of the City of London, and the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the said City, and all Constables therein, shall respectively have full Power and Authority', and are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, to raise and provide the Number of Men by this Act directed to

be

C. I (51

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III.

981

be raised, in such Manner as herein after directed; and to do all A&6, Matters, and Things necessary for carrying this Act into Execution, in like Manner, and as fully and effectually as they are respectively authorized, empowered, or required to carry into Execution an Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and reducing into one Act of Parliament two federal Adsy passed in the thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majestyyfor the better ordering the Militia of the City of Lon-don, and for the further regulating of the Trained Bands or Militia of the said City, or any Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Phins, Penalties, and Forfeitures contained in any other Act or A&3 relating to the Militia of England in Force, in relation to the said Trained Bands or Militia of the City of London; and for that Purpose to make Rates in the respective Wards of the said City, on the several and respective Persons and Bodies therein described, - when, and from Time to Time as often as Occasion shall require, for effecting the Purposes of this Act, and levy and cause to be levied the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Number of private Men to be raised by virtue of this Act, within the said City of London, shall be eight Hundred, which Men shall be raised and provided by the several Wards of the City, and the Liberties and Prccintls within the same, in the Proportions following: that is to say, by the Wards of A Id erf gate Within and Saint Martins le Grand twelve Men; Aldersgate Without fourteen Men; Aldgate forty Men; BaJJishaw eight Men; Billingsgate twenty-eight Men; Bishopsgate Within twenty-nine Men; Bishopsgate Without thirty-three Men; Bread Street sixteen Men; Bridge seventeen Men; Broad Street thirty-three Men; Candlewick fourteen Men; Cashe Bnynard twenty-nine Men; Cheap twenty-nine Men; Coleman Street twenty-four Men; Cordwainer fifteen Men; Gomhill twenty-four Men; Cripplegate Within twenty-nine Men: Cripplegate Without twenty-four Men; Dowgaie eighteen Men; Farringdon IVtthin fifty-six Men; Farringdon Without one hundred and twenty-eight Men; Lanfioum forty-four Men; Lime Street fourteen Men; Portsoken thirty Men; Queenhithe fourteen Men; Tower forty-four Men; Vintry sixteen Men; Walbrook eighteen Men.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Men required by this Act to be raised in the said City of London, shall be raised and provided in the Manner by the said recited Acts described, in relation to providing any Men for the said Trained Bands or Militia of the City of London; and for that Purpose all the Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Bounties, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in the said last-recited Act or other Acts aforesaid, shall, so far as the same are applicable, and are not hereby altered, varied, or repealed, be applied and practised for the Purpose of raising the Men directed to be raised by this Act, in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Bounties, Clauses, Matters, and Things were again repeated and enacted in this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That a Court or General Meeting of the Commissioners of Lieutenancy of the said City of London shall be held in the said City of London, within four Days after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as may be; and at such Court or General Meeting the Commissioners of Lieutenancy, or such of them as shall be present at such Meeting, shall issue Precepts for the raising such Men, in Manner in the said Act directed, and such Men shall be rdpcdivtly raised and provided in each Ward within twenty-eight Days after the issuing of such Precepts.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Aldermen, Deputies, and Common Council in their respective Wards, or in their Default for the said Commissioners of Lieutenancy, in making such Rates, to include therein such Lodgers and Inmates in their respective Wards as they may think proper, Regard being had to the Abilities of or to the Rent paid by such Lodgers or Inmates respectively; and it shall also be lawful for any Justices or Justice of the Peace in the said City, in any Case in which any Rate or Penalty for Non-payment thereof cannot be levied by Distress in Manner in the said Act mentioned, by reason that no Goods and Chattels can be found of the Person liable to pay such Rate or Penalty, and making Default therein, whereon the same can be levied, to commit the Person or Persons making such Default to any Prison of the said City, for any Time not exceeding six Months, unless the Money so to be levied shall be sooner paid, and for that Purpose to issue all such Warrants as may be necessary, which Warrants may, in any Case in which any Person having made such Default shall have gone out of the City of London, on be.-ing signed by any Magistrate or Justice having Jurisdiction in the Place where such Person shall be found, be executed out of the said City, and the Person taken on any such Warrant so backed may be taken to the said City, there to remain in Prison as if he had been committed therein; and all Constables and other Officers authorized to execute any Warrant are hereby authorized and required to execute the same accordingly; and all Persons issuing any such Warranter of Commitment, or signing the same as aforesaid, or acting in the Execution thereof, shall nave all such Indemnities, Protections, and Privileges in relation to any Act, Matter, or Thing relating thereto, or any Action brought thereon, as such Persons respectively are or may be entitled to in the Execution of any of the Powers of any or either of any such Acts as aforesaid.

VI. And, for more effectually enforcing the Provisions of this Act, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Lieutenancy shall at their said first Court or General Meeting, also issue Precepts to the Aldermen, Deputies, and Common Council of the said respective Wards, requiring them to issue an Order to the Constables or other Officers of the said Wards respectively to return to the said Aldermen, Deputies, and Common Council in their respective Wards fair and true Lifts in Writing, in Manner by this Act directed of the Names of all Persons above the Age of twenty-one Years (except Wives, Daughters, and Female Servants), usually or at that Time dwelling within the said respective Wards, together with the Rank or Occupation, and the Profession, Business, or Situation of such Persons respectively. (Wives, See. excepted) in their

VII. And be it further enacted, That the several Constables and other Officers required to return Lists of Persons as aforesaid shall, within four Days after any such Returns shall be required, give or leave a written or printed Notice in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.), to or for every Occupier of every Dwelling House where any Person shall reside in the several Wards, Liberties, Precincts, and Places for which they act as such Constables or other Officers as aforesaid, in the Execution of this Act, or any of

make Rites for that Purpose, ai for Militia of.London under 36, &c. G. 3. c. 92.

Number of Men, and the Proportions to he raised by each Ward.

Men shall he raised as the Militia of London; and relating thereto extended to this. Sic.

GeneralMeeting of Lieutenancy shall issue Precepts for raising the Men, who shall be provided within 28 Days, Lodgers may he included in making Rates, and justices may commit Persons making Default in Payment.

Lieutenancy^ shall iflToe Precepts to Aldermen, See. requiring them to order Constables to return Lists of all Persons above ai Years respective "Wards.

Constables shall give Notice in the Form in Schedule (A.) to Housekeep-ers. Sec to produce Lifts Mcwdwfly.

C. ioi

Penally for not delivering Lifts, or for making false Returns, iol. to 5l.

Constables shall ma!t« out Lifts in the Form in Schedule (B.) of all such inhabit-ants, whether returned 01 not.

Penalties for endeavouring to prevail on On-ft.ihJes to make false Returns, 50I- oi refilling to tell Names, iol.

Aldermen, &c. may require the Attendance of Constables. Penalty on Con-ftahlcs negle<5l-ing to appeal, or making false Returns, &c. one Month's Imprisonment, or Fine 20l. to 4Cs.

His Majesty may appoint Times'and Places for assembling the Men, &c.

His Majesty may cause the Men to he placed in or formed into Corps, and appoint Olfirera to command and discipiiue them. Officer* and Men shall be ful»je<i\ to the Mutiny) Laws.

43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

the Provisions thereof at his or her Dwelling House, or where such Dwelling House shall be divided into different Stories or Apartments, and occupied distinctly by fever&l Persons, then to or for the Occupier of each distinct Story or Apartment, to prepare or produce within four Days next ensuing the Day of giving such Notice, a List in Writing to the bell of his or her Belief of the Clmftian and Surname of each and eveij Person resident in such Dwelling House or distinct Story or Apartment (except the Wife, Daughters, and Female Servants of such Occupiers respectivelyl, above the Age of twenty-one Years, together with the Rank or Occupation, and the Profession, Business, or Situation of every such Person so to be named in such Lifts as aforesaid; and every such Occupier shall after such Notice so given or left .make out such Lift and sign the same with his or her own Name, and shall deliver the fame, or cause the same to be delivered to such Constable or other Officer as aforesaid; and if any Occupier shall neglect or refuse to make out, sign, and deliver such Lift as aforesaid, within the Time before limited, or shall omit any person who ought to have been included therein in pursuance of this Act, or knowingly make any false Return of any Particular required therein, every such Occupier shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding tea Pounds nor less than live Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Constables or other Officers of the said Wards shall, within four Days after having delivered such Notices as aforesaid, make put a fair and true List in Writing, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.), of the Names of all the Persons above the age of twenty-one Years, usually or at that Time dwelling within the said respective Wards or Places for which they shall respectively aft in the Execution of this Act, (except Wives, Daughters, and Female Servants, ) as well of those who have not made any Return, or been returned in pursuance of such Notices as aforesaid, as those who shall have made such Returns, or been returned in punuauce thereof; distinguisliimr their respective Ranks and Occupations, and also their respective Professions, Business, or Situations, and those who have made Returns to such Notices from those who have neglected to make such Returns, and where the true Names of such Persons caDnot be obtained, the common Appellation of such Person shall be sufficient.

IX. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall, by Gratuity, Gift, or Reward, or by Promise thereof, or by any Indemnification, or by Menaces, or otherwise, endeavour to prevail on any Constable or other Officer to make a false Return in any List for any Ward, or to erase or leave out of any such Lift the Name of any Person who ought to be included therein, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds; and if any Person shall refuse to tell his Christian and Surname, or shall falsely tell a Christian or Surname, ^pretending the same to be his tiue Christian or Surname, or shall refuse to tell the Christian or Surname of any Man lodging or residing within his or her House, or shall knowingly tell any false Name, pretending it to be the true Name of any such Person, to any Constable or other Officer authorized by this Act to demand the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds;

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Alderman, Deputy, and Common Council of the said Wards, or any two or more of them, from Time to Time to issue their Order, requiring the Attendance of any Constable or other Officer of such Ward at such Time and Place as in such Order shall be expressed; and if any such Constable or other Officer shall refuse or neglect to appear according to such Order, or shall refuse or neglect to return any such Lift as before directad, or to comply with such Orders and Directions as he shall from Time to Time receive from the said Alderman, Deputy, and Common Council, or any two or more of them, in pursuance of this Act, or shall, in making such Return, be guilty of any Fraud or wilful Partiality, or gross Neglect in his Duty, the said Alderman, or any other Alderman of the said City, is and are hereby empowered and required to commit the Person so offending to any Prison within the said City, there to be kept without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of one Month, or at his or their Discretion to fine such Person in any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings.

No Man shall be enrolled till examined by a Surgeon. — Allowance to Surgeons for Attendance shall be paid M out of Rates raised {under this Act, on Certificate of a Commissioner present, §11. rd>e §18 of c. 82.] u Men shall be liable to serve within Great Britain, Ireland, Jersey, Ifjc. and shall take an Oath accordingly, " and be examined on Oath as to their Fituefs, §12, [_In the same Manner as Snhjlitutes or Volunteers under

" § l9 °fc 8*.]"

XMI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty to appoint the Times and Places for the assembling of the Men raised and provided in the said City of London, and enrolled under this Act; and also to appoint and fend proper Officers and Non-commissioned Officers to receive such Men, Notice whereof shall be transmitted by his Majesty's Secretary' at War to the Lord Mayor of the said City of London for that Purpose.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful for his Majesty to cause the Men raised in the said City of London, and enrolled under this Act, to be placed in such of the existing Regiments, Battalions, ov Corps, or formed into such new Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, as his Majesty shall judge necessary; and it shall also be lawful for his Majesty to appoint such Officers and Non-commissioned Officers to command and discipline such Men as his Majesty shall think fit; and every, such Officer and every Non-commissioned Officer and Drummer, in any such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, and every such Private Man, from the Time of his Enrolment respectively, shall be subject to all the Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Pains, and Penalties, as well Pains of Death as others, as are or may be contained in any Act of Parliament then in Force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and any Articles of War made in pursuance thereof; and all the Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Pams, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as well Pains of Death as others, contained in every such Act and Articles of War, shall be in Force with respect to the Men to be raised by virtue of this Act, and shall extend to all such Men, in all Cases whatsoever.

1

" Powers

A.D. 1803. 43 GEORGII III. C. 101.

u Powers of recited Act (43 G. 3. c. 82.) relating to Extent of Service, supplying Vacancies, providing for Families, u and enlisting for general Service, extc*nded to this Act, §15. Clerk to the Court of Lieutenancy, See. may be rewarded for his Trouble, on Certificate from the Court to the Receiver General for London, §16."

XVII. And, in order that the Rights and Privileges of the City of London may not be infringed, be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not diminish or be prejudicial to the Rights, Privileges, Immunities, and Exemptions to which the Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, or the Freemen Citizens or Inhabitants of the said City, or the Suburbs and Liberties of the same, or of all privileged Places within the Limits and Precincts thereof, as well within the Liberties as without, are entitled to enjoy by Prescription, Act of Parliament, Charter, or Usage; but the said Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, and Freemen Citizens and Inhabitants of the said City, shall and may continue to enjoy all and singular the said Rights, Liberties, Usages, Customs, Privileges, Immunities, and Exemptions, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner as if this Act had not been made.

u Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §18. Publick Act, §19."

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

To

TAKE Notice that you are hereby required within four Days from the Date hereof to prepare or produce a List in Writing, to the bed of your Belief, of the Christian and Surname of each and every Person resident in your Dwelling House, above the Age of twenty-one Years, (except your Wife, Daughters, and Female Servantc, J together with the Rank or Occupation* and also the Protection, Business, or Situation of every such Person 10 to be named in such Lifts; and you are to sign such Lifts with your own Name, and deliver or cause the same to be delivered to me. Dated the Day of One thousand eight hundred and

A.B. Constable of

Descriptions. Names of Persons. Profession, Business, or Situation.

Housekeeper. A.B. Grocer.

Lodger. C. D..Stock Broker.

Inmate. E. Gentleman.

Servant. G.H. Clerk.

N.B. If a House is divided into distinct Stories or Apartments, occupied distinctly, each distinct Occupier is required to make this Return.

Neglect of Compliance with this Notice will subject the Party to the Penalty of ten Pounds.

A.B. Constable of

SCHEDULE (B.)

WARD

The Lift made pursuant to the Directions of an Act, passed in the forty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled \hcre insert the Title of this Act-\.

Names returned. Rank or Occupation. Profession, Business* or Situation.

Names of those not returned, or common Appellations. Rank or Occupation, if known..Profession, Business, or Situation, if known.

A.B. Constable.

983

Act not to prejudice the Rights of the City.

9S4

-to.ooool. may be issued iVom ihe Exchequer to Commissioner* under this Act.

Commissioners shall keep Account*, See. and report to Parliament annually.

Act shall not compel Persons to fell their Lands,

Commissioners authorized to levy Rates and Duties.

C. 102. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Cap. cii.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of making an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Western Sea, by Inverness and Fort William, and for taking the necessary Steps towards executing the fame. b2; th Juh I^°3-]

Most: Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, having granted to your Majesty the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds towards forming an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Western S a, ly or near Inverness and Fort JViUiam9 in that Part of the said United Kingdom called Scotland; which Navigation,

when completed, will enable Ships and Vessels of considerable Burthen, trading between the Eallem and Western Coails of Great Britain, and Ireland and the German Ocean, to avoid a long and dangerous Navigation round the Northern Coasts of Scotlanddo most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of any Monies granted for the Supply of the present Year, there shall be issued and paid at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain, on or before the thirty-first Day of December then next ensuing, the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, without any Deduction, to the Commissioners herein after named; which Sum shall be inverted in Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills, or India Bonds, to be lodged in the Bank of England, until the same shall be from Time to Time applied towards making the said Navigation, and defraying the necessary Expences preparatory thereto in Manner herein directed.

Appointment of Commissioners. (The Speaker, Chancellor of the Exchequer, or Master of the Rolls for the Time being, shall be always one of the three necessary to do any Act.) §2, 3. Commissioners may pay 4< Salaries to Clerks and Officers, §4."

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall enter, or cause to be entered, in Books to he provided for that Purpose, Minutes of all their Proceedings, and true Copies of all the Orders and Directions to be given by them in pursuance of this Act, and also a full and true Account of all Monies received and distvurfed, and Payments made by the said Commissioners, and by all and every Person and Persons employed by or under them, and of all Monies which shall be paid to or received by them respectively, for or on account of the said Commissioners; and also a full and true Account, or proper Notes and Minutes, of every Contract, Bargain, and Agreement, which shall be entered into by the said Commissioners, or by any Person or Persons pursuant to Directions given by them for that Purpose; and a true Statement of all the Proceedings of the said Commissioners, and a general Account of all the Monies received or disbursed for or upon account or relative to the said Undertaking, shall be annually, before the first Day of June, laid before both Houses of Parliament.

Commissioners may construct Harbours, viz. 4 one Harbour in Loch Beauty, near to the Town of Inverness,

4 a little Way to the East of Ferry Pier9 opposite to the Place where Vessels now come to Anchor, and such Number of Docks and Basons connected therewith, not exceeding four, as the said Commissioners shall direct, and of such Depth as shall be found necessary, and of such Dimensions as the said Commissioners shall order and appoint; and another Harbour to the West of Fort William^ at the Mouth of the River Locbiey and to the East of the small I (lands which are situated in Lochiely and such Number of Docks or Basons connected therewith, not exceeding four, as the said Commissioners shall direct, and of such Depth as shall be found necessary, and of such Dimensions as the said Commissioners shall order and appoint; 4 which Harbours will form the Entrances to the said Navigation, when completed, at each Extremity thereof; and the said Docks or Basons will contain the Vessels which will pass along the said Navigation, until they enter the Sea through the said Harbours.' Commissioners may also construct Tide Locks, Piers, 44 Jetties, &c. f 6. Commissioners may fix the Line of the Navigation, and contract for the Purchase of Lands necessary for the lame, &c. §7. Bodies Politick empowered to contract for the Sale and Conveyance of Lands, §8."

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to compel any Person or Persons whomsoever, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to dispose of or fell any of his, her, or their Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, for the Purpose of the said intended Navigation.

Commissioners may set out, and make Contrafts for, and purchase Lands, &c. necessary for constructing the Harbours, §10 — 22."

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, from Tim#to Time and at all Times, after the said Harbours, Docks, or Basons, shall be completed, or capable of receiving Ships or Vessels, to a(k, demand, receive, take, and recover such Rates and Duties as the said Commissioners shall think fit, not exceeding the Sum of two Shillings for every Ton of the Burthen or Tonnage of any Ship or Vessel, laden or unladen, coming into the said Harbours, Docks, or Basons; and also such Rates and Duties as the said Commissioners shall think fit, not exceeding the Sum of five Shillings for every Ton Weight of any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities, which shall be loaded or unloaded on or from on board any Ship or Vessel in the said Harbours and Docks or Basons, or any of them, over and above such Warehouse Rates and Duties, as the said Commissioners shall think fit, not exceeding the Sum of five Shillings, for every Ton of such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities, deposited at any Warehouse to be erected pursuant to this Act: Provided always, that no Ship or Vessel in the Service of his Majesty, Jus Hqrs or Successors, shall be liable to the said Rates and Duties: Provided also, that it shall and may be 3 lawful

9 85

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 102.

lawful for the said Commissioners to lessen or reduce all or any of the Rates and Duties on all or any Sort of such Ships or Vessels, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities, as they shall think proper, and again to raise any of the said Rates and Duties so lessened, to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Rates and Duties hereby granted.

w Regulations as to Fra&ions in Tonnage, and recovering of Rates, §24. Commissioners may lease the Rates

and Duties, §25."

XXVI. And, for the better ascertaining and more easy and effectual collecting of the said Rates arid* Duties hereby directed to be paid to the said Commissioners, be it further enacted, That the Matter, Owner, or other Person or Person3, having the Care of any Brit'ish Ship or Vessel coming into the said Harbours, Docks, or Basons, or any of them, shall produce to the Collectors of the said Rates, or to any other Officer to be appointed by the said Commissioners, at the Place or Places where any such Collector or Officer shall attend for that Purpose, the Certificate of the Registry of such Ship or Vessel; and the Matter, Owner, or other Person or Persons, having the Care of any foreign Ship or Vessel coming into the said Harbours, Docks, or Basons, shall give to the said Collectors or other Officers a just Account in Writing of the Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel, and shall, if required, produce to such Collector or other Officer the Invoices and Bills of Lading of the Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities, with which such Vessel shall be laden; and in case anyiuch Matter, Owner, or other Person or Persons having the Care of any British Ship or Vessel, shall refuse or delay to produce such Certificate of Registry, or shall produce a false Certificate, or the Matter of any other Ship or Vessel shall neglect or refuse to give au Account in the Manner herein directed, or shall refuse to produce his or their Invoices or Bills of Lading, to the Officers demanding the fame, or shall, with Intent to avoid the Payment of the said Rates or Duties, or any Part of them, give a false Account, or shall deliver out any Part of such Lading or Goods before giving such Account, for the Purpose of evading Payment of the Rates and Duties hereby granted, or any Part thereof, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one Shilling for every Ton of the Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel, and for every Ton of the Weight of such Goods and other Things respectively, the Sum of two Shillings, over and above the said respective Rates and Duties which shall be payable for the fame: Provided always, that the Matters and Owners of all Ships and Vessels, Barks, Lighters, and Boats, entering and using the said Harbour, and liable to the Payment of the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, that shall be unregistered, shall suffer and permit the said Ships and Vessels, Barks, Lighters, and Boats, to be measured by the said Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, and shall pay the Rates and Duties aforesaid according to such Measurement; and that every Owner or Matter aforesaid, who shall refuse to have his or their Ship or Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, measured as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay the Sum of one Shilling for every Ton of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, and the Sum of two Shillings for every Ton of the Weight of such Goods and other Things, and so in Proportion for any kfs Quantity than a Ton which shall be in or conveyed by such Ship or Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, over and aEove the said respective Rates and Duties which shall be payable for the same.

u What Quantities if Timber and light Goods shall be deemed a Ton, §27."

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Commodities, or other Matters or Things whatsoever, shall lie or remain upon any such Wharf or Wharfs, Quay or Quays, Warehouse or Warehouses, or in case any Ship or Vessel shall remain in the said Harbours, Docks, or Batons, for above the Space of two Calendar Months, then and in such Case the said Commissioners shall be entitled to receive such reasonable Rates or Allowances, over and above the Rates and Duties herein-before authorized to be taken, as shall be thought proper by the said Commissioners, not exceeding two Shillings and Sixpence for every Ton of the Weight of such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Commodities, or other Matters or Things, and not exceeding the Sum of Sixpence for every Ton of the Burthen or Tonnage of any Ship or Vessel, laden or unladen, for every one Calendar Month they shall remain beyond the said two Calendar Months, and lb in Proportion for any greater or less Portion of Time that such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Commodities, or other Matters or Things shall so remain.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons whatsoever shall have free Liberty to use the said Harbours and Docks, or Basons, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses, Cranes, Weighing Beams, Roads, and other Conveniences, upon Payment of such Rates and Duties as shall be demanded by the said Commissioners, not exceeding the rcipective Sums herein-before mentioned, and subject to the Rules and Regulations which shall be from Time to Time made by the said Commissioners, by virtue of the Powers hereby granted.

Application of Rates towards maintaining Harbours, paying Clerks, &c. §30."

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall also have full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, at any such Meeting as aforesaid, to make such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, as to them shall feerh meet and proper for the Government of their own Condu6tand Proceedings, and for regulating the Conduct of all Officers, Workmen, and Servants to be employed by them, and for the well and orderly using and preserving the said Harbours and Docks and Basons, and for regulating the mooring, and loading and unloading of all Ships and Vessels frequenting the fame, and for the orderly Behaviour of all Persons on board such Ships and Vessels, or who shall be employed in loading or unloading such Ships and Vessels, or in carrying or conveying any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities, to or from the said Harbours and Docks or Basons, and for the Superintendance and Management of the same in all other Respects whatsoever; and from lime to Time to alter or repeal such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, or any of them, and to make others, and impose and infiidl such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Persons offending against such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, or any of them, not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds for any one Offence, 43 Geo. III. 6 K as

Matters of Bri-lish Vessels shall produce Ceitifi-catesofRegiftry, and M.«fteis of foreign Vessel* shall give an Accuufi: of Tonnage.

Further Allowance toihe Commiinonen for Goods remaining upon iheir Wharfs.

Harbours, See. shall be free upon Payment of Rates.

Gommi (Boner* empowered t* make bve-Law*.

986

C. 102, 103. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Penalty for throwing Ballad' into the said Hai hours, 5l. to 40s.

Damaging Work*, felony.

or Forfeiture.

as to the said Commissionew shall seem meet and expedient; and all Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, lb to be made as aforesaid, being reduced into Writing, and entered in the Minutes of the said Commissioners, shall be binding upon, and be observed by all Persons using or in anywise concerned in the Harbours and Docks or Basons, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to jufitify all Persons who shall act under the fame; provided that such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Scotland, or any of the express Dir-edions or Provisions of this Act 5 anj provided that such. Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, shall be printed and notified to the Person or Persons who are required to conform to them, and Copies of such of them as shall concern or relate to the using of the said Harbours and Docks or Basons, or to the Conduct and Behaviour of Persons onboard or belonging to Vessels frequenting the fame, or to the Conduct and Behaviour of any Officers, Servants, or other Persons, employed in or about the said Harbours and Docks or Basons, or of the Persons referring to or making use thereof, shall be written or printed in large Characters, and be fixed and continued in forae conspicuous Place or Places of the said Harbours and Docks or Basons.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall throw any Ballad, Gravel, Stones, or Rubbish, into any Part of the said Harbours, Docks, or Basons, Trenches, Watercourses, or Reservoirs to be made by virtue of this Act, or (halt wilfully obstruct, hinder, or prevent any Person in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding five Pounds nor less than forty Shillings, over and above the Expence of removing the fame, which shall be ascertained by the said Commissioners; and if any Person shall wilfully and maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Harbours, Docks, or Basons, break, throw down, damage, or destroy any Piers, Jetties, or other Works to be crcded and made by virtue of this Act, every such Person shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and every such Person so offending and being thereof lawfully convicted shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony, and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Law of Scotland, or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may award such Arbitrary but lesser Sentence or Punishment as to such Court shall seem proper; or otherwise every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where the Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit any Sum not less than twenty Pounds, and also the Value or Amount of the Damage proved upon Oath to have been done at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices; such Penalty and Damages, together with reasonable Costs, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Effects of such Offender, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Offender, or such Offender shall and may be committed to the Common Gaol for the said County, for any Time not exceeding six Calendar Months, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall have been convicted.

(i Fines and Forfeitures may be recovered by Distress and Sale, {33. Persons aggrieved by Irregularity in Distress " shall recover only special Damages, f 34. Form of Conviction, } 35. Appeal to the Quarter Sessions. — " Proceedings shall not be quaftied for Want of Form, nor removed by Advocation, §36. Limitation of " Actions, iix Months. — Notice. — Tender of Awards. — Venue in Middlesex. — In Scotland, Actions shall be u brought before Court of Session. — Double Costs, §37."

[See44 G. 3. c. 14.]

Portugal Wine, imported after June r 5, 1803, directly from Portugal, in British Ships or Friendly Vessels, or Vessels authorized by Order iaCoua-C'l, or from Guernsey or Jersey, into Pons enurae* rated, may be landed and ware-housed before Payment of Duty.

Provision made (or lodging and fecuiing Wine at any other Pori than thoCe enumerated.

CAP. CIII.

An Act to permit Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused in the United Kingdom without Payment of Duties, under certain Restrictions, for a limited Time.

[27th July i8cc.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to allow Portugal Wine to be warehoused for a limited Time, and under certain Regulations, on the Importation thereof be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all such Portugal Wine as shall be imported into the United Kingdom, from and after the fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, directly from Portugal in British Ships or Vessels belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, however the same may be navigated, or in Vessels authorized by any Order of his Majesty in Council for that Purpose, or from the Illaads of Guernsey or Jersey in British Ships or Vessels, into such Ports in the United Kingdom as are mentioned and enumerated in this Act, may, upon the Entry thereof being first duly made with the proper Officers of the Customs and Excise, be landed from on board the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported, and deposited in such Warehouse or Warehouses as shall from Time to Time be for that Purpose provided at the Charge of the respective Importer or Importers, or Proprietor or Proprietors, of such Wine, before the Payment of any Duty either of Customs or Excise thereon, under and subject to the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, in this Act contained.

Warehouses shall be approved by the Customs and Excise, and Bonds in Double the Duties given for Payment " thereof, before the Wine is removed, and within two Years after landing, §2. [tfj $2 0/41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 51.] " No Wines shall be so landed and warehoused except at certain Ports, nor any allowed the Benefit of this Act which shall not arrive before November 10, 1803, unless shipped in Portugal before October 15, 1803, and landed at one of the enumerated Ports in certain Quantities before January 5, 1804, $3. [.SVr §3 of G. 3. 44 (U.K.) c. 51. — Enlarged to $tb July i 805. 44 G. 3. c. 14. §2.J"

IV. Provided always and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by Order in Council, to be published in the London Gazette, to allow, in case it shall be deemed expedient, any Wine imported as aforesaid, to be lodged and secured under the Conditions of this Act at any Port in this Kingdom, other than

those

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 103 — 105. 987

those herein enumerated; and such Wine shall be in every Respect subject to the Came Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as if the same had been imported into Any Port enumerated in this Act.

' [«$>£. 5 — 24 of this Act are precisely similar to $4 — 23 ^41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 51.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures ijnposed by this Act shall be sued Recovery and for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, or Methods as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may

be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, now in Force in Great Britain and t, JA 1 Ireland respectively; or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who will inform, discover, or sue foe the same.

CAP. CIV.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Period for the Payment of Part of certain Sums of Money advanced by way of Loan to several Persons con tie fled with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

[27th July 1803.]

The Statute 43 G. 3. c. 40. (and the Statutes therein mentioned) recited, which did not receive Royal Assent " till 17th May 1803. The of the fix Instalments mentioned in the said Act 43 G. 3. c. 40. shall be payable with Interest on August 5, 1803, and the second Instalment on October 5, 1803, $1. Before receiving the Certificate mentioned in recited Act, ($ 7, ) the Persons to whom the Extension^ot Time shall be granted shall pay the Instalment due on Auguf 5, 1803, §2."

CAP. CV.

An Act to permit the Exportation, for two Years, of a certain Quantity of Com, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Pulse, to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, from other Ports in England, as well as the Port of Soutkamptony under certain Reltridions.

[27th July 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corny and the Payment of the Duty on foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn csportcdt nine thousand eight hundred Quarters of Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Flour, Rye, Barley, or Bread, Biscuit, or Pease, were allowed to be exported to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey and Alderney, for the Use of the Inhabitants thereof, the Exportation whereof was confined to the Port of Southampton only: And whereas it will greatly tend to the more regular Supply of the said Islands if the Exportation of such Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, or Bread, was permitted to be made from other Ports; and it is desirable also that the Permission should extend to Beans and Oats May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Period of two Years after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to export the whole or any Part of such Quantity of Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Flour, Rye, Barley, or Bread, Biscuit, Pease, Beans, and Oats, to the said islands from any other Port or Ports in England as well as the said Port of Southampton; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That during such Period as aforesaid, no such Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Pease, Beans, or Oats, shall be exported from the said Port of Southampton, or any mother Port or Ports, unless under the Certificate of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs of the said Port of Southampton, who are hereby required to grant such Certificate, and to specify in every such Certificate the-Quantity and Sort of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Pease, Beans, or Oats, intended to be exported under the fame, the Time within which the same shall be exported, such Time in 110 Case exceeding a Fortnight from the Time of granting such Certificate, aijd a Description of the Vessel in which the same is intended to be exported; and the Person or Persons to whom fuel) Certificate shall be given shall produce or cause to be produced such Certificate to the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs of the Port from which such Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Pease, Beans, or Oats is so to be exported, who shall thereupon take Bond for the due Exportation thereof according to the Provisions of the said recited Act.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, orbecon-ftruedto extend, to authorize the Exportation from England to the said Islands of any greater Quantity in the Whole of such Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Pease, Beans, or Oats, than such Quantity of nine thousand eight hundred Quarters as aforesaid; or to authorize the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs of the said Port of Southampton to grant Certificates for any greater Quantity in the Whole than such nine thousand eight hundred Quarters as aforesaid.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Re-ftridions. Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things in the said recited Act contained, in relation to the Exportation of the said Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Pulse, to the said Islands of Guernsey* Jersey* anc* Alderney, shall, so far as the same are not altered by this Act, and can be made applicable to the Provisions of this Act, be applied to such Exportation as aforesaid under this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same were herein Severally and separately repeated and re-enacted.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall remain and continue in Force for two Years from the passing thereof, and 110 longer.

6K2 CAP.

31 G. 3. c. 30. (§ 10. Tab. C.)

The Quantity of Wheat, &c. mentioned jn recited Act may be ex potted to Guernsey, &c. from any other Port in England than Southampton.

But no such Article shall be exported without the Certificate of the Collector and Comptroller of Southampton,

Ac.

Quantity allowed for Exportation not to exceed <)Sco*Quarters.

Provisions of recited Act extended to (hie '

a a.

Continuance of Art,

988

C. 106.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

CAP. CVT.

The Board of First Fruits may lend out of their Funds certain Sums to Incumbents for bui'd-

ingGlebeHouses and Offices.

Incumbents and their Successors shall repay Money lent, by an-nuallnftalraents.

Atwhat Time Successor shall become chargeable.

No Interest payable, unless on Default of Inlialment*. Incumbents (Hall give Bond to the Board for Payment of the luftalments, &c.

Recoverable as under Irish Act,i» at G.3. e. ao.

All Sums to be advanced shall be a Charge un all the Ecclesuf-trcal Emoluments of the Benefice,

An Act: to enable Ihe Commissioners of First Fruits in Ireland to lend certain Sums of Money

(Interest free) to Incumbents of Benefices there, for the Purpose of enabling them to erect or purchase Glebe Houses and Offices convenient for their Residence; and to purchase Glebe Lands fit and convenient for the Erection of such Houses and Offices; and to make Provision for the Repayment of all Loans so to be made by the said Commissioners.

[27th July 1803.]

WHEREAS, in many Parts of Ireland, there are no Mansion or Glebe Houses fit and convenient for the Residence of the respective Incumbents, in or on their several Parishes or Benefices; and it would

greatly tend to encourage the Erection of proper Buildings for the Residence of such Incumbents, if the

Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits in Ireland were enabled to advance Sums of Money out of 1 the Monies entrusted to their Disposal, from Time to Time, by way of Loan, to such Incumbents for such Purpose, and if full Provision were made for Repayment of such Loan by Instalments, without Interest, by

Means whereof in course of Time all the Parishes and Benefices in Ireland might be provided with Glebe

Houses for the Residence of the respective Incumbents be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits in Ireland, from Time to Time, and in such Proportion as they shall think proper, to lend and advance, out of the Funds entrusted to their Care, to the Incumbent of any Benefice, Parish, or Union of Parishes, who shall apply for the Aid and Assistance intended to be given by this Act, any Sum of Money not exceeding two Years* Net Income of such Benefice, Parish, or Union, to be applied to the Purposes of building a Mansion or Glebe House and Offices, and making other Improvements, or in the Purchase of Houses already built, for the fit and suitable Habitation and Residence of such Incumbent and his Successors, or in the Purchase of Glebe or Demesne Lands fit and convenient for the Erection of such Glebe Houses and Offices.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Incumbent of every such Benefice, Parish, or Union of Parishes, to whom any such Money shall be so advanced, or in case of his Death or Removal before the Repayment of the whole Sum so advanced, his Successor or Successors for the Time being shall, and he and they is and are hereby severally required and bound to repay to the said Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits, or their Treasurer, lo much of the said Sum as shall become due, by Instalment during their respective Incumbencies in Manner following; that is to say, six Pounds per Centum of the Sum so advanced on the first Day of July next after the Expiration of one Year from the Day on which the l^ft Sum advanced to such Incumbent, for the Purpose aforesaid, shall have been so advanced and lent, (or within twenty-one Days after); six Pounds per Centum more of the Sum advanced on the first Day of July in every succeeding Year (or within twenty-one Day3 after), until ninety-six Pounds per Centum of the Sum so advanced shall be repaid; and four Pounds per Centum more of the Sum so advanced on the first Day of July (or within twenty-one Days after), in the Year succeeding that in which the last Instalment of six Pounds per Centum, making in the Whole ninety-six Pounds per Centum, shall have been paid as before mentioned.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be deemed a Successor, so as to be charged by or under this Act, who shall die or be removed within the Space of one Year from the Death or Removal of the Incumbent immediately preceding him: Provided also, that no Successor shall in any Case be liable to pay any such Instalment before the first Day of July next after he shall have so become a Successor, chargeable under this Act, nor to pay any more than one such Instalment on such first Day of July, notwithstanding that more than one Year may have intervened between the Death or Removal of the Tall Incumbent who had been chargeable with the Payment of any Instalments under this Act, and such first Day of July: Provided also, that no Interest shall be paid for or upon any Sum so advanced by the said Trustees or Commissioners of the First Fruits, or for or upon any Part thereof, unless the Payment of the said Instalments shall be deferred beyond the Day on which they shall have severally become due and payable.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, in order to enforce the punctual and regular Discharge and Payment of such Sums as shall be so lent and advanced in pursuance and by virtue of the Provisions of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits for the Time being, and they are hereby required to take and receive, previous to the advancing of any Sum of Money to any Incumbent as aforesaid, a Bond from such Incumbent, binding himself, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, to the King's most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in a Penalty amounting to Double the Sum advanced, conditioned for the Payment to the said Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits of all such Instalments of the said Sums at the several Times herein-before mentioned, as may severally become due during his Incumbency, with legal Interest on such Instalments respectively, from the respective Times when each Instalment ought to be paid, until the actual Payment thereof; which Bond shall have the same Force and Effect as Bonds to the King's most Excellent Majesty, and for his Use, have by virtue of an Act, passed in Ireland in the twenty-first r.nd twenty-second Years of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more speedy and effectual Recovery of the Kings Debts; and Suits shall and may be prosecuted and carried on upon such Bonds, by the Orders and under the Directions of the said Commissioners, for Recovery of the Money which shall be due thereon, in such and the same Manner as Suits on Bonds to the King's Majesty may be prosecuted by virtue of the said Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money so to be advanced by the said Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits, to any such Incumbent as aforesaid, shall be, from the Time of advancing any Part thereof, a Charge on all the Glebe Lands, Tythes, Rents, Modules, Composition for Tythes, Salaries, Stipends, Fees, Gratuities, and all other Ecclesiastical Emoluments and Profits whatsoevn, anfing or to arise from the Benefice, Parish, or Union of which such Person or Persons shall be Incumbent as

aforesaid;

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 106.

aforesaid; and in case Default shall be made in the regular Discharge of any of the said Payments, or any Part thereof, on the Days appointed for Payment thereof, by such Incumbent or by his Successor or Successors, it shall be lawful for the Ordinary of the Diocese wherein such Living, Benefice, Parish, or Union shall be, to sequester the said Glebe Lands, Tythes, Rents, Modules, Composition for Tythes, Salaries, Stipends, Pees, Gratuities, and all other Ecclesiastical Emoluments and Profits whatsoever, or such Part or Parts thereof as he shall deem to be fully sufficient for the Purpose; and to put a Sequestrator, to be named by and on Behalf of the said Trustees, into the full Possession thereof, and Perception of all the Profits thereof, to hold until the said Trustees shall have fully paid to the Fund wherewith they shall be entrusted all such Sums of Money as shall be then due for any such Instalment as aforesaid, together with lawful Interest for the fame, from the Time when every such Instalment ought to have been paid, the Coils of insuring the Preraifes against Fire, Sequestrator's Fees, and all other Costs, Charges, and Expences whatsoever attending such Sequestration as aforesaid, and the entering into such Possession by Receipt, Enjoyment, and Perception of the said Rents and Profits of such Benelice, Parish, or Union; and in case any Difficulty shall arise in obtaining or in retaining quiet Possession by such Sequestrator as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to apply, by Petition in a summary Way, to the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Ireland for the Time being, who shall thereupon cause a Writ of Assistance to be issued under the Great Seal, directed to the Sheriff of the County, City, or Place where such Glebe Lands, Tythes, or other Ecclesiastical Profits shall be or arise, commanding him to assist, keep, and maintain such Sequestrator in the peaceable and quiet Possession thereof; and it mall be lawful for the said Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Ireland for the Time being, to proceed against all Persons opposing such Process, or in any Manner hindering the due Execution thereof, in the same Manner as in other Caf$s of Writs of Assistance directed to the Sheriff in pursuance of Orders of the Court of Chancery for- that Purpose.

VI. And be it further enacted, That when the Sum to be paid by such Incumbent as aforesaid shall be fully and entirely repaid, together with such Interest, Fees, Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Incumbent for the Time being to apply to the Ordinary of the Diocese for Redelivery of all the said Glebe Lands, Tythes, Rents, and other Ecclesiastical Emoluments whatsoever so sequestered; and in case the said Trustees shall not admit full Payment of all such Sums of Money, Fees, Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Ordinary to direct an Account to be taken thereof by such Person or Persons as he shall appoint for that Purpose, and thereupon to make such Order, touching such Sequestration, as Justice shall require.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Sum or Sums of Money a3 shall be lent and advanced to any Incumbent, by virtue of this Act, shall be distinguished and mentioned apart, in the usual Certificate to be given by any Archbishop or Bishop, by virtue of the Acts now in Force, to enable an Incumbent who builds to recover against his Successor, from any and every Sum or Sums by any Incumbent laid out or expended out of his own proper Income, in the building of such Glebe Houses and Offices, which would otherwise be allowed by the said Certificate; and a separate and distinct Portion of the said Certificate shall be allotted by such Archbishop or Bishop, for ascertaining the Expenditure of the Sum so lent and advanced by the said Trustees.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Benefice, Parish, or Union shall become void, by Death or otherwise, before all the Sums agreed to be advanced by the said Trustees for building thereon shall have been actually advanced by the said Trustees, then and in such Case, the Successor shall be entitled to receive the Remainder of the Money so agreed to be advanced, upon giving, in Proportion to the Money remaining to be advanced, the like Security that had been given by his rredecessor, by Bond to the King's most Excellent Majesty; the Penalty of which Bond shall be recovered in Manner herein before declared and enacted with respect to the Recover)' of the Penalty of the Bond so given by his Predecessor; and the Money so advanced shall also be charged on the Benefice, Parish, or Union, in the same Manner as the Money advanced to the first Incumbent, and shall also be recoverable in like Manner.

IX. Provided always, That no Money shall he advanced by the said Trustees, for the Purposes aforesaid, until a Plan for the proposed Buildings and Improvements shall have been approved of by the Ordinary of the Diocese, and an Estimate made of the Expence thereof, and until Security shall have been given, by Bond of one or more Surety or Sureties, in sufficient Penalties for the due Application of the Money so to be advanced, in making and completing such Buildings, or for refunding to the Trustees so much as shall net have been a6lually so expended thereon during the Incumbency of such Incumbent, or within two Years after such Money shall have been advanced, unless the said Trustees shall think fit not to require such Security; and then and in such Case, no Money shall be advanced by the said Trustees to such Incumbent but upon Certificate of the Incumbent or Incumbents of one or more Benefices, Parishes, or Unions of Parishes adjoining or near to such Benefice, Parish, or Union, that a Sum has been actually expended in making the Buildings agreed to be made, equal to the Sum from Time to Time required to be advanced; and then it shall be at the Option of the said Trustees either to pay such Money to the Incumbent, or to apply the same in Discharge of the Expences actually incurred in such Buildings.

X. Provided also, That the Incumbent for the Time being shall annually, at his own Expence, until tile lad Instalment shall be paid, keep the Buildings on which such Money so lent and advance d shall have been expended, regularly insured against Fire at some publick Insurance Office in Great Britain or Ireland, to the full Amount at lead of the Sum so lent and advanced; and in Default thereof, the Ordinary shall have Power in each Year to sequester the Profits of the Benefice, Parish, or Union, until such Insurance shall be made.

XI. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or hr construed to extend, to limit or restrain the Power now veiled by Law in the said Trustees and Commissioners to grant or give any

6 Sum

989

In Default of Repayment, the Ordinary may sequester, and put a Sequestrator, to be named by the Hoard, into Possession of the Profits, -until Repayment, wilUCofts.

On Application of the Board, Lord Chancellor shall iflueaWrit of Assistance to Sheriff to keep Sequestrator in Possession.

Upon Repayment, Redelivery of the Glel>e, &c. shall be made to Incumbent. Ordinary may dieA Account, if necessary.

Account of Sum lent shall I*?' stated in the Certificate of Archbishop, &c.* to charge the Successor.

On Avoidance of Benefice before the whole Sum. advanced, Successor shall reactive the Remainder.

Pton and Efli-rnate of Buildings shall be appruved by Ordinary, and Senility given to apply 1 he Sum advancedi or a Ceil ifioate<-fill* E*pence actually incurred, &c.

Incumbent shall keep Building* isifu: ed.

Thi< AA shall not o* ftiuAof aiic. the Law#

now in Force firr building Glebe Houses.

Board may require Interest, if they shall think fit.

No Aa shall be done unless four Trustees shall be present at the Buaid.

2 & 3 Anne, c. 11. §4. by which Persons were empowered to grant Eftmes, &c. in their own Right to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, towards the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Clergy,

shall remain in Force, notwithstanding Moit-main Act,

9 G. z. c. 36.

C. 106, 107. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Sinn or Sums of Money gratuitously to any Incumbent, for the Purpose of enabling or assisting him to build, repair, or improve any Glebe House in or upon the Benefice, Parish, or Union of which he shall be Incumbent, whether such Incumbents shall or shall not have received a Loan to be in Part applied to the said Purpose from the said Trustees and Commissioners under and by virtue of the Authority of this A &: , nor to obstruct, annul, make void, or alter the Laws now in Force for building, repairing, and improving Glebe House, or any of them, save as herein-before mentioned; but that Incumbents, in case they shall think proper to proceed under and according to the said Laws, may do so, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees shall think fit to advance any Sum of Money for the Purposes aforesaid, and in Manner aforesaid, and to require Interest at the lawful Rate, or any less Rate, to be paid for the lame, from the Time 6f advancing the said Sum, or any other Time, ^until Repayment thereof, it shall be lawful for them so to do, any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and in such Case, the Repayment to be made by the Successor shall be made at such Times as the same would have been to be made if the Money so advanced and lent had been advanced by the Incumbent thereof, under the Laws now in Force, or which shall be then in Force for that Purpose.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Ad shall be done by the said Commissioners and Trustees of First Fruits, under or by virtue or in Performance of this Act, or any of the Provisions therein contained, unless four of the said Trustees (of whom the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, or if there shall not be a Lord Chancellor, the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of Ireland> or the First Commissioner of the Great Seal of Ireland, for the Time being, or one of the Lords Archbishops of Ireland, shall be always one) shall be present at the doing of such Ad.

CAP. CVII.

An Act for effectuating certain Parts of an Act, passed in the second and third Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the making more effectual her Majesty's gracious Intentions for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, by enabling her Majesty to grant in Perpetuity, the Revenues of the First Fruits and Tenths; and alfs for enabling any other Persons to make Grants for the same Purpose, so far as the same relate to Deeds and Wills made for granting and bequeathing Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, and Chattels, to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and for enlarging the Powers of the said Governors.

[27th Jufy 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the second and third Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the making more effectual her Majesty's gracious Intentions for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, by enabling her Majesty to grant, in Perpetuity, the Revenues of the First Fruits and Tenths; and also for enabling any other Persons to make Grants for the same Purpose; after reciting,

amongst other Things, that for the Encouragement of such well-disposed Persons as should, by her Majesty's Royal Example, be moved to contribute to lo pious and charitable a Purpose, and that such their Charity might be rightly applied, it was amongst other Thing3 enacted, that all and every Person and Persons having in his or their own Right any Estate or Interest, in Possession, Reversion, or Contingency, of or in any Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Property of or in any Goods or Chattels, should have full Power,

Licence, and Authority, at his, her, and their Will and Pleasure, by Deed enrolled in such Manner and within such Time as is directed by the Statute made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, for Enrolment of Bargains and Sales, or by his, her, or their last Will or Testament in Writing, duly executed according to Law, to give and grant to and vest in the Corporation thereby authorized, and since erected under the Name of The Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, and their Successors, Jill such his, her, or their Estate, Interest, or Property in such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, and Chattels, or any Part or Parts thereof, for and towards the Augmentation of the Maintenance of such Ministers officiating in such Church or Chapel where the Liturgy and Rites of the said Church were or should be so used or observed, as in the same Ad were mentioned, and having no settled competent Provisian belonging to the fame, and to be for that Purpose applied acording to the Will of the said Benefactor, in and by such Deed enrolled, or by such Will or Testament executed as aforesaid expressed, and in Default of such Direction, Limitation, or Appointment, in such Manner as by her Majesty's Letters Patent should be directed or appointed as aforesaid; and such Corporation and their Successors, should have full Capacity and Ability to purchase, receive, take, hold, and enjoy for the Purposes aforesaid, from such Persons as should be so charitably disposed to give the fame, any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Qoods, or Chattels, without any Licence or Writ of Ad quod damnum, the Statute of Mortmain or any other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding: And it was by the same Ad provided, that that Ad, or any Thing therein contained, shall not extend to enable any Person or Persons being within Age, or of non-fane Memory, or Women Covert without their Husbands, to make any such Gift, Grant, or Alienation, any Thing in that Ad contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: And whereas the beneficial Efied and Operation of the said Act have been considerably obstrtided and retarded by an Act, palRd in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, an Act to refrain the Disposition of Panels, vuhereby the same become unalienable for Remedy thereof be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the .Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act of her late Majesty Queen Anne, as is herein recited, shall be and remain in full Force and Effed, the said Act of his late Majesty King George the Second, or any other Act or Ljiw to the contrary notwithstanding.

8 II.4 And

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 107, 108.

II. < And whereas by an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the f First, intituled, An Act for making more effectual her late Majesty's gracious Intentions for augmenting the

Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, k was amongst other Things enacted, that it should he lawful, with the f Concurrence of the said Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, and the Incumbent, Patron, and Ordinary

of any augmented Living or Cure to exchange all or any Part of the Estate settled for the Augmentation

thereof, for any other Estate in Lands or Tythes of equal or greater Value, to be conveyed to the feme Uses be it also enacted, That the said Power shall be, and the same is hereby extended to all the Messuages, Buildings, and Lands belonging to every such augmented Living or Cure.

III. And be it further enacted, That where a Living shall have been or shall be augmented by the said Governors, either by way of Lot or Benefaftiou* and there is no Parsonage House suitable for the Rtfidence of the Minister, it shall and may be lawful for the said Governors, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, in.order to promote the Residence of the Clergy on their Benefices, to apply and dispose of the Money appropriated for such Augmentation, and remaining in their Hands, or any Part thereof, in such Manner as they shall deem most adviseable, in or towards the building, rebuilding, or purchasing a House, and other proper Erections within the Parish, convenient and suitable for the Residence of the Minister thereof, which House shall for ever thereafter be deemed the Parsonage House appertaining to such Living, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Thing in any Act or Acts, or the Rules of the said Governors contained to the contrary notwithstanding-

CAP. CVIII.

'An Act to promote the building, repairing, or otherwise providing of Churches and Chapels, and of Houses for the Residence of Ministers, and the providing of Church Yards and Glebes.

[27th July 1803.]

WHEREAS a sufficient Number of Churches and Chapels for the Celebration of Divine Service, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the United Church of England and Ireland and of Mansion

Houses with competent Glebes for the Residence of Ministers officiating in such Churches and Chapels, is

necessary towards the Promotion of Religion and Morality: And whereas the same are either wholly wanting

or materially deficient in many Parts, of England and Ireland: And whereas many well disposed Persons would

be desirous of contributing towards the Supply of such Defects, if they were enabled so to do in the Manner

herein after directed May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person and Persons having in his or their own Right any Estate or Interest in Possession, Reversion, or Contingency, of1 or in any Lands or Tenements, or of any Property of or in any Goods or Chattels, shall have full Power, Licence, and Authority, at his and their Will and Pleasure, by Deed inrolled in such Manner, and within such Time, as is directed in England by the Statute made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, and in Ireland by the Statute made in the tenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, for Inrolment of Bargains and Saie6, or by his, her, or their last Wrill or Testament in Writing duly executed according to Law, such Deed, or such Will or Testament, being duly executed three Calendar Months at least before the Death of such Grantor or Testator, including the Days of the Execution and Death, to give and grant to and veil in any Person or Persons, or Body Politick or Corporate, and their Heirs and Successors respectively, all such his, her, or their Estate, Interest, or Property in such Lands or Tenements, not exceeding five Acres, or Goods and Chattels, or any Part or Parts thereof, not exceeding in Value five Hundred Pounds, for or towards the erecting, rebuilding, repairing, purchasing, or providing any Church or Chapel where the Liturgy and Rites of the said United Church are or shall be used or observed, or any Mansion House for the Residence of any Minister of the said United Church, officiating or to officiate in any such Church or Chapel, or of any Out-buildings, Offices, Church Yard, or Glebe for the same respectively, and to be for those Purposes applied, according to the Will of the said Benefactor in and by such Deed enrolled, or by such Will or Testament executed as aforesaid expressed, the Consent and Approbation of the Ordinary being first obtained, and, in Default of such Direction, Limitation, or Appointment, in such Manner as shall be directed and appointed by the Patron and Ordinary, with the Consent and Approbation of the Parson, Vicar, or other Incumbent; and such Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, and their Heirs and Successors respectively, shall have full Capacity and Ability to purchase, receive, take, hold, and enjoy, for the Purposes aforesaid, as well from such Persons as shall be so charitably disposed to give the fame, as from all other Persons as shall be willing to fell or aliene to such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, any Lands or Tenements, Goods, or Chattels, without any Licence or Writ of AJ quod damnum, the Statute of Mortmain, or any other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always* that this Act or any Thing therein contained, shall not extend to enable any Person or Persons being within Age, or of non-fane Memory, nor Women Covert without their Huftands, to make any such Gift, Grant, or Alienation; any Tiling in this Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That no more than one such Gift or Devise shall be made by any one Person, and that if any such Gift or Devise as aforesaid shall happen to exceed five Acres in Lands or Tenements, or the Value of five Hundred Pounds in Goods and Chattels, every such Gift or Devise shall be good and valid to the Extent aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor for the Time being, on Petition, to make Order for reducing every such Gift or Devise to and within the said Limits, and for allotting such specifick five Acres, and if Occasion should require, such specifick Goods and Chattels as in his Judgment shall be most convenient* and to make such further Order touching the Premises as to him shall appear just and reasonable.

991

Power of exchanging Lands> be under 1 G. 1. c. 10. (§13)extended to all the Lands, be. of augmented Livings.

Where there is no suitable Par* fonage House, the Governors may provide one.

Persons possess-cd in their own Right may, by Deed enrolled (in England under Stat.

27 H. 8. c. 16. and in Ireland under Stat.

10 C. ft. 2. c. 1. §17.), or by Will executed 3 Months before their Decease, give Lands not exceeding five Acres, or Goods and Chattels not exceeding 500I, for the Purposes of this Act.

Not to extend to Infants, Femes Covert, be.

Only one such Gift shall be made by one Person, and where it exceeds Amount, the Chancellor may reduce it.

992 C. 108, 109. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

No Gkbe upbraids 01 50 Acres shall be augmented wiik mure than one Acre.

Plots of Landot exceeding one Acre, held in Mortmain, may be granted either by Exchange or Bene-fattidf! for being annexed to a Church, &c.

Accommodation shall be provided for all Personsreforting to Church, &c. Former Rights of deviling, £cc,

leferved.

<84. (§4 )

Provision of recued Ait, where the Word " Benefice" was by Mistake omitted, extended to Spiritual Persons having any Benefice.

Clauses in said Act shall have Effect as if " Benefice" had been inserted.

D ubtrefpeiting the Title of at H. 8. c. 13. (as recited in c. 84. of this Session) removed.

III. Provided also, That no Glebe containing upwards of fifty* Acres shall be augmented with more than one Acre under or by virtue of this Act, but that the Excels, if any, given or devised for the Purpose of such Augmentation, shall be reduced in Manner aforesaid, by the said Lord Chancellor, and such Order thereupon shall be by him made as herein-before is directed in the Case of an Excess beyond five Acres.

IV. 4 And whereas it often happens that small Plots of Land held in Mortmain lie convenient to be annexed to some such Church or Chapel, or House of Residence, as aforesaid, or to some Church Yard, or Curtilage thereto belonging, or convenient to be employed as the Scite of some such Church or Chapel, or House 1 to be hereafter erected, and for the necessary and commodious Use and Enjoyment thereof, and that they might be so employed to the Advantage of the Publick, and without Detriment to the Proprietors thereof, if they were enabled to give and grant the same for the Purposes aforesaid be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Body Politick or Corporate, Sole or Aggregate, by Deed inrolled as aforesaid, with or without Confirmation, as the Law may require, to give and grant, either by Way of Exchange or Bene-faction, any such small Plot of Land not exceeding one Acre, to any Person or Persons, Body Politick or Corporate, his and their Heirs and Successors respectively, to be held, used, and applied for the Purposes aforesaid; and such lall-ipentioned Person and Person3, Bodies Politick and Corporate, and their Heirs and Successors respectively, shall have full Capacity and Ability, with Consent of the Incumbent, Patron, and Ordinary, to take, hold, and enjoy such small Plot of Land for the Purposes aforesaid, without any Licence or Writ of Ad quod damnum, the Statute of Mortmain, or any other Act or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That in every' Parochial Church or Chapel hereafter to be erected ample Provision shall be made for the decent and suitable Accommodation of all Persons, of what Rank or Degree soever, who may be entitled to resort to the fame, and whose Circumstances may render them unable to pay for such Accommodations.

VI. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to take away or abridge any Right of giving or deviling which already exists in any Person whatsoever.

CAP. CIX.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act

to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms; and for enforcing the Residence of

Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in England, and to remove a Doubt respecting the Title of the

Statute of the twenty-first Year of King Henry the Eighth therein mentioned.

[27th July 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend the Iaiws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms; and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in England; and reciting as therein is recited, it was amongst other Things enacted in the Words following; that is to say, 44 And it shall also be lawful for any Spiritual Person having or holding any' Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, not having any sufficient or convenient Glebe or Demesne Lands annexed to, or in Right of, or by Reason of his Benefice or Cure or Chapelry, or for any Stipendiary Curate, or any unbeneficed Spiritual Person, with the Consent or Approbation of the Bishop of the Diocese, signified in Writing, to take to ferm to himself, or to any Person or Persons to his Use for a limited Term of Years, any Farm or Farms, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, that may, under all the Circumstances, appear to such Bishop prooerto be taken, held, or occupied by any such Spiritual Person, for the Convenience and Ac-

commodation of his Household and Hofprtality only, without being subject or liable to any Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, under the said first-recited Act or any other Act, by reason thereof, any Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstandingAnd whereas after the Words any Spiritual Person having or holding any, " 4 and before the Word Donative" in the said Provision, the Word Benefice" was by Mistake omitted to be there inserted For rectifying the said Mistake, may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from the Day on which the said Act passed, the said Provision, and every Matter therein contained, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to every Spiritual Person having or holding any Benefice in like Manner as if the Word Benefice" had been inserted after the Word any" and before the Word Donative" in the said Provision in the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Clause, Matter, and Provision contained in the said Act, which has or in Construction thereof can or ought to have relation to the said Provision, shall be construed in such and the like Manner, and shall be and be taken to be of the same Effect as if the Word Benefice" had been inserted as aforesaid in the said Provision.

III. And be it also enacted, That the said Act, passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, whereby it is among other Things enacted in the Words or to the Effect following: 44 That as well every Spiritual Person now' being promoted to any Archdeaconry, Deanry, or Dignity, in any Monastery or Cathedral Church or other Church, Conventual or Collegiate, or being beneficed wfith any Parsonage or Vicarage, as all and every Spiritual Person and Persons which hereafter shall be promoted to any of the said Dignities or Benefices with any Parsonage or Vicarage, from the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel next coming, shall be personally resident and abiding in, at, and upon his said Dignity, Prebend, or Benefice, or at one of them at the lead; and in case that any such Spiritual Person at any Time after the said Feast keep not Residence aL one of his said Dignities, Prebends, or Beneficea as is aforesaid, but absent himself wilfully by the Space of one Month together, or by the Space of two Months, to be accounted atfeveral Times in any one Year, and make his Residence and Abiding in any other Places by such Time, that then he shall forfeit for every such De-

A.D. 1803, 43° GEORGII III. C. 109 — m.

fault ten Pounds Sterling, the one Half thereof to the King our Sovereign Lord, and the other Half of the same to the Party that will sue for the same in any of the King's Courts by original Writ of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in which Action and Suit the Defendant shall not wage his Law, nor have any EfTbign or Protection allowed, " shall, from the Day on which the said recited Act of this present Session of Parliament patted, be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes in the Construction of the said Act of the present Settion, to be the Act of the twenty-first Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intended to be recited in the said Act of the present Session of Parliament, and which is in such Act of the present Session mentioned to be intituled, Spiritual Persons abridged from having Pluralities of Livings, and from taking of Ferms, ifjc. not-with(landing any Mistake which there may be in the said Act of the present Session of Parliament, in setting forth the Title of the said Act of the twenty-first Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, wherein and whereby it is enacted as aforesaid.

CAP. CX.

An Act to explain and amend an Act: , made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend an Act> made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor3 so far as relates to the Payment of the Debts incurred for building any Poor House.

[27th July 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, it was among other Things enacted,

that in case any Money should be borrowed under the Powers of the said Act, for the building any Poor*House or Workhouse, or purchasing any Land necessary to be used for that Purpose, the Assessments for the Relief of the Poor should continue at the same Rate they were when such Poor House or Workhouse*was first established, until the Debts so contrafted, and the Interest thereof, should be fully discharged;

And whereas by an Act, made in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poory so far as relates to the Payment of the Debts incurred for building any Poor House, it was enacted, that the Guardians of the Poor of any Parish who had erected any Poor House or Workhouse, under the Powers of the said therein recited Act, should, with the Consent of the several Persons to whom the same should be due and payable, yearly and every Year, pay off and discharge any Part of the Money borrowed under the Powers of the said recited Act of the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, not being less than one-twentieth Part thereof, besides the Interest which might be payable*mi the Sum remaining undischarged; and in case such Sum to be paid off should not in any one Year be sufficient to discharge any one of the Notes for fifty Pounds issued pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act, for securing the Money borrowed under the Authority thereof, the same should from Time to Timd remain in the Hands of the Overseers of the Poor of such Parish until it amounted to a sufficient Sum to pay off and discharge any of the said Notes: And whereas Doubts are entertained whether the said recited Act of the forty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign has effectually relieved such Parishes as have adopted g the Provision in the said Act of the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, from the burthen- some Effects thereof be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act of the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as requires that the Assessments for the Relief of the Poor shall continue at the same Rate as they were when any Poor House or Workhouse was first established under the Authority of the said recited Act, until the Debt contrafted, and the Interest thereof, should be fully discharged, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That such Assessments shall and may from Time to Time be diminished to such Amount as shall be deemed proper and necessary: Provided always, that the Guardians of the Poor, for the Time being, of every such Parish, shall, yearly and every Year, pay off or provide for a twentieth Part at least of any Monies which shall have been borrowed for the Purpose aforesaid, under the Powers of the said Act of the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and also shall duly keep down the Interest of all Monies which shall be so borrowed; any Thing in the said recited Acts of the twenty-second and forty-second Years of his present Majesty's Reign, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXI.

An Act for enabling Friendly Societies, intended to be established under an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to rectify Mistakes made in the Registry of their Rules.

[27th July 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

4. An Act for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies; it was enacted, that the Rules, Orders.

and Regulations made or to be made for the Government of the said Societies, in order to entitle the said Societies to the Benefit of the said Act, should be first exhibited in Writing to the Justices of the Peace,

assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at some Adjournment thereof in and for the same County, Riding, Division, or Shire where such Society should be established, and should be subject to # the Examination, Review, Allowance, and Confirmation of such Justices: And whereas several Societies*established in Towns and Places having peculiar Jurisdiction have inadvertently exhibited their Rules, Orders. 43 Geo. III. 6 L 4 and

993

zi G. 3. c. 8$.

42 G. 3. c. 74.

So much of $ 20. of 22 G. 3. c.$3. as requires Assessments to continue unaltered, rqiealed.

Assessmenu may be diminished.

Guardians of the Poor shall annually pay off one Twentieth of Money borrowed under 22 G. 3. c. 83.

33 G. j, <r, 54.

994

Any Society having exhibited iheirRegulations at any Quarter Sessions for a peculiar-Jurisdiction, may exhibit them to the Quarter Session* for the County, with aCei tiheate or Affidavit of such fcrlt Exhibition; and such Regulations being confirmed, ibail then be valid from tl# Beginning.

TJ G. j. C. 5J.

Persons talcing or killing in the New Forest any Black Game, between Dec. to and Sept. I, liable to the Forfeitures of the recited Act.

Provisions of 4G, i. c.ii. $ 3. (amending a An. J* 2. c, iS.)

and Regulations to the Justices assembled at the General or Quarter Sessions, having peculiar Jurisdiction for such Towns and Places respectively, and not for the County, Riding, Division, or Shire at large,

whereby they are or may be deprived of the Benefit of the said Act : May it therefore please your Majesty* that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for any such Society who shall have exhibited the Rules, Orders, and Regulations made for Government thereof, at any General or Quarter Sessions having

peculiar Jurisdiction for the Town or Place where such Society is established, and not to the Sessions for the County, Riding, Division, or Shire at large, to exhibit the Rules, Orders, and Regulations of such Society to the Justices assembled at any General Quarter Sessions or any Adjournment thereof, to be holden for the County, Riding, Division, or Shire where such Society is established, such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, bearing the Certificate of the Town Clerk or other proper Officer, of the Time when such Rules, Orders, and Regulations were respectively first exhibited as aforesaid; or to exhibit in like Manner a Duplicate or a true Copy of such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, with an Affidavit annexed, to be taken before any one Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, or Shire where such Society is established, whick such Justice is hereby authorized to take, of the Time when such Rules, Orders, and Regulations were respectively first exhibited as aforesaid, subject to the like Examination, Review, Allowance, and Confirmation of the Justices assembled at such last mentioned General Quarter Sessions or Adjournment thereof, as is directed by the said recited Act; and such Rules, Orders, and Regulations being confirmed by the Justices, at such last mentioned General or Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, in Manner directed by the said recited Act, may be filed at such Sessions, and shall be as valid and effectual from the Time the same were first exhibited at the Sessions having such peculiar Jurisdiction as aforesaid, as if the same had been originally exhibited and filed at the Sessions holden for the said County, Riding, Division, or Shire.

CAP. CXII.

An Act for the better Preservation of Heath Fowl, commonly called Black Game, in the New Forest, in the County of Southampton.

[27th July 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Great Britain, in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the several Laws now in being so far as the fame relate to the Preservation of the Moor or Hill Game, it is enacted, amongst other Things, that, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, no Person or Persons shall, upon any Pretence whatsoever, wilfufly take, kill, destroy, carry, fell, buy, or have in his, her, or their Possession or Use any Heath Fowl, commonly called Black Game, between the tenth Day of December and the

twentieth Day of August in any Year 2 And whereas the pursuing, taking, and killing in the New Forest, in the County 01 Southampton, of Heath Fowl, commonly called Black Game, so early as the twentieth Day of August, has been found to be very prejudicial to the Increase of such Heath Fowl, as well as of all other Game within the said Forest, and it would tend very much to the Preservation thereof in the said Forest, if the Time for taking and killing therein Heath Fowl were postponed; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons shall, on any Pretence whatsoever, take, kill, or destroy, or attempt to take, kill, or destroy, in the New Forest, in the County of Southampton, any Heath Fowl, commonly called Black Game, between the tenth Day of December and the first Day of September in any Year; and every Person who shall trans-gress this Act in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall, for every Heath Fowl so taken, killed, or destroyed, and fot every Attempt to take, kill, or destroy such Heath Fowl, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this A86, be liable to the same Forfeitures and Penalties, to be recovered in the same Manner, and subject to the like Appeal and the same Provisions in every Respect whatsoever, as in and by the said recited Act are enacted in respect of any Offence committed against the said Act.

Cap. cxiii.

An Act for the more effectually providing for the Punishment of Offences in wilfully carting away, burning, or destroying Ships and Vessels; and for the more convenient Trial of Accessaries in Felonies; and for extending the Powers of an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, as far as relates to Murders, to Accessaries to Murders, and to Manslaughters.

[27th July 1803.]

WHEREAS in and by a certain Act of Parliament, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for enforcing and making perpetual an Act of the twelfth Tear of her late Majesty, intituled An Act for the preferring of ad such Ships and Goods thereof, which shall happen to be forced on Shore, or Jlranded upon the Coa/ts of this Kingdom, or any other of her Majesty's Dominions; and for inflicting the Punishment of Death on such as shall wilfully bum or destroy Ships, it is, amongst other Things, enacted that if any Owner of, or Captain, Matter, Mariner, or other Officer belonging to any Ship, shall, after the twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and eighteen, fwilfully cast away, bum, or otherwise destroy the Ship of which he is Owner, or unto which he belongeth, or in any Manner of Wife direct or procure the same to be done, to the Prejudice of any Person or Persons that shall underwrite any Policy or Policies of Insurance thereon, or of any Merchant or Merchants that shall load Goods thereof), he Ihallfuffer Death; And whereas in'and by a certain other Act of Parliament,

made

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 113.

made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to continue fevered Acts therein mentioned\ for preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts; for encouraging the Silk Manufacture*4 of this Kingdom; for preventing the elandejline Running of Goods; for making Copper Ore of the British Plantations an enumerated Commodity; and for explaining and amending a late A8 for the more effectual Punishment of such as 1 shall wilfully bum or destroy Ships; and reciting amongst other Things, as is above herein recited, and that*4 some Doubt had arisen touching the Nature of the Offence provided against by the said recited Act, and the 1 Trial and Punishment to be had and inflicted for the fame, it was therefore by that Ad enacted and declared,

that if any Owner of, or Captain, Mailer, Officer, or Mariner, belonging to any Ship or Vessel, shall, after the four-and-twentieth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and twenty five, wilfully call away, bum, or otherwise destroy, the Ship or Vessel of which he is Owner, or to which he belongeth, or in any wise direct or procure the same to be done, with Intent or Design to prejudice any Person or Persons that hath or shall under*

write any Policy or Policies of Insurance thereon, or of any Merchant or Merchants that shall load Goods

thereon, or of any Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, the Person or Persons offending therein, being

thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed and adjudged a Felon or Felons, and shall suffer as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy; and it was in and by the said Act further declared, that if any of the said Offences,

4 in wilfully calling away, burning, or otherwise destroying, any Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, shall be committed

within the Body of any County of this Realm, the same mail be and may be inquired of, tried, determined, and adjudged, in the same Courts, in such Manner and Form as Felonies done within the Body of any County, by the Laws of this Realm, are to be inquired of, tried, determined, and adjudged; and if any of the said Of.

fences shall be committed upon the High Seas, the same shall be inquired of, tried, determined, and adjudged,

before such Court, and in such Manner and Form as in and by an Act made in the eight-and-twentieth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, For Pirates, is directed and appointed for the enquiring, trying, determining, and adjudging of Felonies done upon the High Seas: And whereas the above rroviuons in the said impart recited Acts have been found inadequate and ineffectual for the Prevention and Punishment of the Offences therein mentioned May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and* Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said rrovisions of the said two several herein in-part recited Acts, and every of them, be henceforth repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the sixteenth pay of July One thousand eight hundred and three, wilfully call away, burn, or otherwise destroy, any Ship or Vessel, or in any wise counfal, direct, or procure the same to be done, and the same be accordingly done with Intent or Design thereby wilfully and maliciously to prejudice any Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, or any Owner or Owners of any Goods loaden on board the fame, or any Person or Persons, Body Politick or Corporate, that hath or have underwritten or shall underwrite any Policy of Policies of Insurance upon such Ship or Vessel, or on the Freight thereof, or upon any Goods loaden on board! the fame, the Person or Persons offending therein being thereoflawfully convicted, shall be deemed and adjudged a principal Felon or Felons, and shall suffer Death as m Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Ship or Vessel mall, from and after the sixteenth Day of July in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and three, be wilfully call away, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, within the Body of any County of this Realm, that then the said several Offences, as well in wilfully calling away, burning, or otherwise destroying such Ship or Vessel, as in counselling, directing, or procuring the same to be done as aforesaid, shall and may be respectively inquired of, tried, determined, and adjudged, in the same Courts, and in such Manner and Form as Felonies done within the Body of any County, by the Laws of this Realm now are to be, or by virtue of this Act hereafter may be, inquired of, tned, determined, and adjudged; and if any such Ship or Vessel shall be wilfully cast away, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, on the High Seas, then that the said several Offences, as well in wilfully calling away, burning, or otherwise destroying any such Ship or Vessel, as in counselling, directing, and pto* curing the same to be done as aforesaid, shall and may be respectively inquired* of, tried, determined, and adjudged, before such Court, and in such Manoer and Form as in and by an Act made in the eight-and-tweatieth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, For Pirates, is appointed and directed for the inquiring, trying, determining, and adjudging of Felonies upon the High Seas.

44 Ad shall not bar Prosecutions for Offences committed before July 16, 1803, j 4."

V. And whereas it is convenient that Accessaries to Felonies committed within the Body of any County within the Realm, Should be by Law liable to be tried, as well in the County wherein the principal Felony was committed as in the County in which they so became Accessaries, and also that Accessaries to Fdonies committed upon the High Seas Should be by Law liable to be tried by such Court, and in such Manner as by the Act made in the eight-and-twentieth Year of the Reign of the late King Henry the Eighth, is directed in respect to Felonies done uoqn the High Seas be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said sixteenth Day of July in the said Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and three, in all Cases whatsoever in which any Person or Persons shall hereafter procure, direct, counsel, or command any other Person or Persons to commit, or shall abet any other Person or Persons in committing any Felony whatsoever, or shall in any wise whatsoever become an Accessary or Accessaries before the Fad to any Felony whatsoever, whether such principal Felony be committed within the Body of any County within this Realm, or upon the High Seas, and whether such procuring, directing, counselling, commanding, and abetting, or otherwise becoming Accessary or Accessaries before the Fad shall have been committed or done within the Body of any County within this Realm, or upon the High Seas, that then and in all such Cases, the Offence of the Person or Penons so procuring, directing, counselling, commanding, or abetting such Felony, or so in

6 La anywifa

995

and 11 G. r.

c. 29. §5, 6, 7. respecting the casting away or

destroyingShipV*

recited.

Recited Provt*. fions repealed*

Persons wilfully-, casting away, fcc. any Vessel, or procuring it to be done, declared Felons without Clergy.

Offences, if committed .within the Body of any County, shall be tried as other Felonies

if on the High Seas, as under8 Hr8. c. 15.

Accessaries is Felonies may he-tried either in the County where the principal Offence was committed, or in that where the Offence of being Accessary was done j and if the principal

Offence shall be commuted on the High Seal, the Accessaries shall be tried in Manner prefer i bed by vecited Act, H.8. c. 15.

Persons once tried shall not be again tried for the lame Offence.

33 H. 8. c. 23. recited, and the Powers therein Contained respecting Murder, Sec. extended to Accessaries before the Fa £1 in Murder, and to the Offence of Man-daughter.

Jfon IMal (under this or recited A if) of any Offender for Murder it shall appear he is guilty of Mati-slaughter only, the Jury may find accordingly. Sec.

A<ff not to extend to Ireland. ante, c. 79. J

There, shall be paid half-yearly 5l. per Centum

j>cr Annum for

0.113, 114. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

any wife becoming Accessary or Accessaries before the Fast to fitch Felony, shall and may be inquired of, tried, determined, and adjudged, in case such principal Felony shall have been committed within the Body of any County within this Realm, by the Course of the Common Law, either within such County wherein the said principal Felony shall have been committed, or within the County wherein the said Offence in procuring, directing, counselling, commanding, and abetting, or otherwise becoming Accessary or Accessaries before the Fad shall have been committed or done; and in case the said principal Felony shall have been committed upon the High Seas, then the said Offence in procuring, directing, counselling, commanding, or abetting such Felony, or of so becoming an Accessary or Accessaries before the Fast to the fame, shall and may be inquired of, in, and by such Court, and in such Manner and Form as in and by the said Act, made in the eight-and-twentieth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, is appointed and directed for the trying, determining, and adjudging, of Felonies done upon the High Seas: Provided always, that no Person or Persons who shall hereafter be once tried and acquitted, or convicted of any such Offence, in procuring, directing, counselling, commanding, or abetting, any Felony, or of otherwise becoming an Accessary or Accessaries before the Fast to such Felony, whether the Trial of such Person or Persons shall have been had according to the Course of the Common Law, as in the Case of a Felony committed within the Body of any County in this Realm, or according to the Provisions contained in the Statute made in the eight-and-twentieth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, as in the Case of a Felony committed on the High Seas, shall be liable to be again indicted, prosecuted, or tried, for the same Offence, in any Court or Jurisdiction whatsoever.

VI. 4 And whereas by an Act, made and passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the

Eighth, intituled, an Act to proceed, by Commission of Oyer and Terminer, againjlfuch Persons as shall confrft Treason, et cetera, without remanding the same to be tried in the Shire where the Offence was committed; certain Powers, Authorities, Provisions, and Regulations are given and enabled for making Commissions of Oyer and Terminer, for the speedy Trial, Conviction, or Delivery of Persons examined before the King's Council,

or three of them, upon any Murders or other Offences therein mentioned, and for inquiring of, hearing,

and determining such Murders and other Offences, under such Circumstances, and in such Cases, as in the said Act are mentioned; which said Act, so far as the same relates to the Crime of Murder, is still in Force and unrepealed 5 but no Provision is therein made for the Trial of Accessaries before the Fast in Murder, or

for the Trial of the Offence of Manslaughter, either upon Indictments for that Offence, or for the Crime of Murder, under any Commission to be made or issued in pursuance of the same Act, whereby Persons guilty

of those Offences, and more particularly when such Murders or Manslaughters happen to be committed out of the Realm, and not upon the High Seas, may frequently escape Punishment, to the Encouragement and evil Example of evil Doers be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from henceforth all and Angular the Powers and Authorities in the said last-recited Act contained respecting the Offence of Murder, and the Examination of any Person or Persons upon any Murders by the King's Council, or three of them, and the making or issuing of Commissions of Oyer and Terminer for the Trial, Conviction, or Delivery of Offenders, and the inquiring, hearing, and determining of all such Murders in Manner therein mentioned, and all other the Clauses, Provisoes, Conditions, and Declarations concerning the Offence of Murder, and the inquiring, hearing, and Determination thereof, and the Trial, Conviction, or Delivery of such Offenders therein, as in the same Act are mentioned, shall be, and the same are hereby extended to the Offence of procuring, directing? counselling, commanding, or otherwise becoming an Accessary or Accessaries before the Fast to any Murder or Murders; and also to the Offence of Manslaughter, in like Manner as if those Offences had been expressly mentioned in the said last-recited Act; and in case any Offender or Offenders, shall, in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, be indicted for the Offence of Murder, and upon such Trial it shall appear that the Person or Persons, or any of them, so indicted and tried, is or are guilty of Manslaughter, and of no greater Offence, the Jury may on such Indictment find the Party or Parties guilty of Manslaughter only; or in case of Doubt or Difficulty, may find a special Verdict, upon which there shall be the like Proceedings, Judgement, and Punishment, or Execution, as if the Offence had been committed within the Body of any County within this Realm, and such Trial had been had, and such General or Special Verdict had been found1 upon an Indictment for Murder, found and tried according to the Course of the Common Law by a Jury of the same County within which the Offence was committed.

VII. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to that Part of the United Kingdom called IrSaod.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act for raising the Sum of one Million Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three. [, 27th July 1803.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjpfts, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain ana Ireland, in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved that a Sum, not exceeding one Million Irish Currency, being nine hundred twenty-three thousand and seventy-six Pounds eighteen Shillings and Sixpence Sterling, be raised by Treasury Bills in Ireland, in Manner herein after mentioned and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the Taupe, That for the Sum of one Million Irish Currency, being nine hundred twenty-three thousand and seventy-six Pounds eighteen Shillings and Sixpence Sterling, or lo much thereof as shall be actually paid by any Person or Persons

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 114, 115.

fons into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland\ at the Instance, or by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, there shall be paid, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, at the End of every six Calendar Months, to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, Interest not exceeding five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and to commence from the issuing thereof respectively, without any Fee or Charge, and free from all Deductions whatsoever, until such Person or Persons shall be respectively paid their Principal Money at one entire Payment.

II. And be it further enacted, That for the said Sum of one Million Irish Currency, or so much thereof as shall be actually paid into his Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, as aforesaid, Bills, entitling the Bearer to the Amount of the Sums to be refocctively specified therein, and declaring such Amount to be payable, or pnfs current at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland, at such Time and Times as shall be directed by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, and as shall be expressed in such Bills respectively, shall be issued and given by the proper Officers of his Majesty's Treasury there, and such Bills shall bear an Intereil not exceeding the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and the said Bills shall be numbered in numerical Order, beginning with the Number One: Provided always, that every such Bill so to be issued for the said Sum of one Million Irish Currency, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, shall and may, on or after such Time or Times as shall be appointed by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, if not sooner paid off, be received and taken by, and be current to any Receiver or Collector in Ireland, of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Aid, or Tax, in Ireland, for and in Satisfaction of any Custom, Excise, or any Revenue, Aid, or Tax, then or thereafter respectively to become due or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors in Ireland, and shall be taken, pass, and be current at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, from every such Receiver or Collector, for or in respect of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Aid, or Tax by him collected or received on or after such Time or Times so to be appointed as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any of the said Treasury Bills, which shall or may issue in pursuance of this Act, shall be received by any Receiver or Collector, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, all Interest shall cease from the Day of such Receipt, and shall be no longer payable thereon, and the fame, .when paid by such Receiver or Collector into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, shall be cancelled.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to be received under or by virtue of this Act shall be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Dublin, and shall be carried to and form Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the said Treasury Bills, and all Interest thereon, or which shall become payable in respect of the said Sum of one Million Irish Currency, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon and made payable out of the first Supplies to be granted in the next Session of Parliament, or out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Exchequer in Dublin, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Amount of the Sum by this Act authorized to be raised by Loan, any Act or A£U to the contrary notwithstanding; so that no higher or greater Sum, by way of Interest, Discount, Gratuity, or other Consideration, shall be demanded or taken by the said Governor and Company, or by any Person on their Behalf, than at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for any Money lo advanced.

CAP. CXV.

An Act to explain and amend two Acts, made in the second, and thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for preventing the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum Boats and other Boats, upon the River Thames, and for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations thereon, so far as relates to the Seizure of Exciseable Commodities.

[27th July 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act

to prevent the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum Boats and other Boats upoA the River Thames; and by another Act, made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames and in its

Vicinity; and to amend an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to prevent the committing

of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum Boats and other Boats upon the River Thames, certain Powers

and Authorities are given and granted which are incompatible with the Laws of Excise made for the Prevention of Frauds and the Security of the Revenue, and under which Powers and Authorities fair Dealers

may be injured, the Revenue exposed to great Loss, and much Uncertainty and Confusion introduced into

the Accounts required to be kept by the Officers of Excise; ' for Remedy whereof be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate, Tobacco, Snuff, Wine, Brandy, Rum, Geneva, or other Spirits, or any other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, that now are, or hereafter may be, subject or liable to a Duty of Excise, which shall be flopped, detained, or taken by any Police or Peace Officer, or other Person or Persons under and by virtue of the before-recited Atfts of Parliament, or under or by virtue of any other Authority whatever, for or by reason of the same having been unshipped, smuggled, or run on Shore, or made or manufactured without Payment of Duty, or for or by reason of the same being removed or removing

997

1, 000, 0001.

Irish Currency, or such Part thereof as shall be paid inti 1 he Exchequer of Ireland.

Kills for fur-h

Sum', shall lie

ifluid, entitling the Ou hCj to the Sums spe. cifieri tilt*' t in, wi.h Intelelt.

Such Biih may be taken in Payment of the Revenue after iuclt T nif ai shall be ap; >ointed by the Lord Lieutenant.

Interest shall

cease on such Kills when received by any Receiver of the Revenue.

Monty shall be canied to Ii \fh Consolidated Fund.

Said Bills charged on the tirft Supplies of next Seihun.

Bank of Ireland may advance the Money on Credit of this Act.

2 G. 3. c. 28.

39 & 40 G. 3. c. 87.

Coffee, Tea, &c. and all Articles subject to Excise Duty, flopped Hy reason of Forfeiture, shall be conveyed to the Excise Office within 24 Horns.

Such Articles being-ftupped on Sufpfcion of being stolen, shall be deposited in the Office of the Thames iPoljce, &c. till produced at the Trial.

Notice shall be given of such Detention to the Excise Office within £4 Hours.

After Trial Goods shall be conveyed to the Excise Office.

If such Goods shall not be conveyed to the Excise Office in Manner hereby required, they may be feiaed* Penalty on Person making Default, 20l.

Penalty on Persons obftni<£ling Officer, 200l.

How Penalties .shall be levied and applied.

C. 115, 116. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

moving without Permit, or for any other Cause of Forfeiture, shall, and the same 10 hereby directed and required to be carried, conveyed, or taken to and deposited and lodged in the Chief Office of Excise in London, within twenty-four Hours after the same shall hare been so taken, (lopped, or detained, in order that all such Articles or Commodities as aforesaid, and the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession the same were found, may be prosecuted, or proceeded against as the Nature of the Case shall or may require; any Thing in the aforesaid Acts or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate, Tobacco, Snuff, Wine, Brandy, Rum, Geneva, or other Spirits, so subject or liable to a Duty of Excise, shall be flopped* detained, or taken by any Police or Peace Officer, or other Person or Persons on Suspicion of the same having been feloniously stolen, taken, or received, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Police or Peace Officer, or other Person or Persons so flopping, detaining, or taking the fame, to lodge and deposit all such Articles or Commodities as aforesaid, in the Office of the Thames Police, or the Police Office nearest to the Place where the same shall be so flopped, detained, or taken as aforesaid, there to remain- until and in order t be produced at the Trial of any Person or Persons who shall or may be charged with feloniously dealing, taking, or receiving the same as aforesaid.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That every such Police or Peace Officer, or other Person or Persons who shall so flop, detain, or take any such Article or Commodity as aforesaid, on Suspicion of the same having been so feloniously stolen, taken, or received as aforesaid, shall within twenty-four Hours after he or they shall have flopped, detained, or taken the same as aforesaid, give Notice thereof in Writing at the said Chief Office of Excise, and shall thereupon permit the proper Officer of Excise to examine and take Account of all such Articles and Commodities so flopped, detained, or piken as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the Person or Persons so charged with feloniously flea ling, taking, or receiving any such Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate, Tobacco, Snuff, Wine, Brandy, Rum, Geneva, or other Spirits, shall have been tried for the said Felony, all such Articles and Commodities as aforesaid, shall be immediately conveyed to and deposited in the said Chief Office of Excise, to be prosecuted or proceeded against for such Cause of Forfeiture as the same may be liable to, or to be restored upon Rfcyment of such Duties as may be due in respect of the same, to such Person as may prove himself to be the legal Proprietor, or otherwise be dealt with in such Manner as the Case may require.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate, Tobacco, Snuflv Wine, Brandy, Rum, Geneva, or other Spirits, or any other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize that now are or hereafter may be subject or liable to a Duty of Excise, which shall be so flopped, detained, or taken as aforesaid, shall not be conveyed to and lodged and deposited in the Chief Office of Excise in London in the Manner and within the Time or Times respectively by this Act directed, all such Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate, Tobacco, Snuff, Wine, Brandy, Rum, Geneva, or other Spirits, or any other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize that now are or hereafter may be subject or liable to any Duty of Excise, which shall not be so conveyed and actually lodged and deposited in the said Chief Office, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized or re-seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Party or Parties neglecting or refusing so to convey to and to lodge and deposit the same in the said Chief Office of Excise, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall molest, disturb, hinder, of-pose, or impede any Officer or Officers of Excise in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted; every Person so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred bounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or For*, feiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise; or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successorg, and the other Moiety to him or them, who shall inform, discover, or sue for the lame.

CAP. CXVI.

An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against his Majesty's Person and Government, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

[29th July 1803.]

WHEREAS a treasonable and rebellious Spirit of Insurrection now unfortunately exists in Ireland, \ and W hath broken out into Acts of open Murder and Rebellion; therefore for the better Preservation of his Majesty's faertd Person, and for securing the Peace, the Laws, and Liberties of this Kingdom/ be it enacted, &c.

4t Every Person in Prison in Ireland at or after the passing of this Act, by Warrant of the Privy Council of " Ireland, or of the Lord Lieutenant, or Chief Secretary, for High Treason, &c. may be detained during this u Ad, and shall not be bailed or tried, without Order from the Privy Council, § I. [as §1* ©/'41 G. 3. (u.K.) r. 15.] Saving of Privileges of Parliament, §2. [as $4. of 41 G. 3. {U.K.) c. 15.] Such Persons may be " detained in any Place in Ireland, and the Persons in whose Custody they are, and the Place in which they are u detained, may be changed by Warrant of the Lord Lieutenant, 93. [as §2. of 41 G. 3. (UK.) c. 15.] 9t Copies of Warrants shall be filed in the Office of the Pleas of the Crown in Dublin, §4. [as $3. of+i G. 3,

999

A.D. 1803. 43 GEORGII III. C. 116, 117.

u (U.K.) c. !$.] Person8 sent from Ireland to Great Britain on a Charge of High Treason, for safe Custody may be detained in such Place as his Majesty shall think fit, provided they are charged with High Trea- son, by Warrant of a Secretary of State, $5. [ax §j. of\I G. 3. (l/.K.) c. 26.] One Secretary of €i State may order any Person in Custody on a Charge of High Treason, &c. committed in Ireland^ to be secured* in Great Britain until he can be sent to Ireland for Trial, §6. [as §9. of 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 26.] But no Person shall be detained under this A A so as to prevent his Trial or Discharge when entitled thereto by the i4 Law of Ireland, 67. [as $10. of 4.1 G. 3. (U.K.) r. 2 6.1 — Continuance of A A [as in Tit lei9which may " be altered this Session, §8."

CAP. CXVII.

An Act for the Suppression of Rebellion in Ireland, and for the Protection of the Persons and Property of his Majesty's faithful Subjects there, to continue in Force until six Weeks after the

Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

[29th July , 1803.]

WHEREAS a treasonable and rebellious Spirit of Insurrection now unfortunately exists in Ireland\ and ' hath broken out into AAs of open Murder and Rebellion, and Persons who may be guilty of AAa 4 of Cruelty and Outrage in Furtherance and immediate Prosecution of such Insurrection and Rebellion, and

who may be taken by his Majesty's Forces to be employed for the Suppression of the same, may seek to

avail themselves of the ordinary Course of the Common Law to evade the Punishment of such Crimed committed by them, whereby it has become necessary for Parliament to interpose be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, from Time to Time during the Continuance of the said Rebellion, whether the ordinary Courts of Justice shall or shall not at such Time be open, to issue his or their Orders to all Officers commanding his Majesty's Forces in Ireland, and to all others whom he or they shall think fit to authorize in that Behalf^ to take the most vigorous and effectual Measures for suppressing the said Insurrection and Rebellion in any Part of Ireland, which shall appear to be necessary for the publick Safety, and for the Safety and Protection of the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's peaceable and loyal Subjects, and to punish all Persons aAing, aiding, or in any Manner assisting in the said Rebellion, or maliciously attacking or injuring the Persons or Properties of his Majesty's loyal Subjects, in Furtherance of the same, according to Martial Law, either by Death or otherwise, as to them shall seem expedient for the Punishment and Suppression of all Rebels in their several Districts, and to arrest and detain in Custody all Persons engaged in such Rebellion, or suspected thereof; and to cause all Persons so arrested and detained in Custody to be brought to Trial in a summary Way by Courts Martial, to be assembled under such Authority as the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors shall from Time to Time direct, and to conftft of Commissioned Officers of the Line, Fencible, or Militia Regiments, or Yeomanry Corps, not less in Number than seven, nor more than thirteen, for all Offences committed in Furtherance of the said Insurrection and Rebellion, whether such Persons shall have been taken in open Arms against his Majesty, or shall have been otherwise concerned in the said Rebellion, or in aiding, or any Manner assisting the fame, and to execute the Sentences of all such Courts Martial, whether of Death or otherwise, and to do all other Acts necessary for such several Purposes; provided that no Sentence of Death shall be given against any Offender by such Court Martial, unless the Judgement shall pass by the Concurrence of two Thirds at least of the Officers present.

II. And be it enacted, That no AA which shall be done in pursuance of any Order which shall be so issued as aforesaid shall be questioned in his Majesty's Court of King's Bench in Ireland, or in any other Court of the Common Law in any Part of the United Kingdom: And in order to prevent any Doubt which might arise, whether any Act alledged to have been done m Conformity to any Orders so to be issued as aforesaid was so done, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, to declare such AAs to have been done in Conformity to such Orders, and such Declaration signified by any Writing under the Hand of such Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, shall be a fufneient Discharge and Indemnity to all Persons concerned in any such AAs, and shall, in all Cases, be conclusive Evidence that such AAs were done in Conformity to such Orders.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Soldiers, who shall a A under any such Orders as aforesaid, shall be responsible for all Things which shall be done under such Orders to such Courts Martial only, by which they shall be liable to be tried for any Offence against the Articles of War under any Act then in Force for such. Purposes; and such Courts Martial shall have full and txclusive Cognizance of all Matters and Things which shall be objected against such Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Soldiers respectively, and all Proceedings shall be had thereon in the same Manner as for Offences against the Articles of War, and not otherwise; and the Court of King's Bench in Dubftn> or any other Court of Justice, Civil or Criminal, in the United Kingdom, shall not take Cognizance of any Act, Matter, or Thing, which shall be done by any such Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, or Soldier, in pursuance of this Act; and if any Proceeding shall be had in any such Court against any such Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, or Soldier, for any such AA, Matter, or Thing, by Indictment, Action, or otherwise, all such Proceedings shall be stayed by summary Order, on Application to the Court wherein they shall be had.

IV. And be it enacted, That if any Person who shall be detained in Custody under the Powers created by this Act shall sue forth a Writ of Habeas Corpus, it shall be a good and sufficient Return to such Writ, that the Party suing forth the same is detained by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of some. Officer

4 or

The Lord Lieutenant of Ireland may issue Ordert for taking Measures for suppressing Insurrection and Rebellion, Sec. and for punishing Offenders by Martial Law.

No AA done in pursuance of such Orders Ih.iJl be questioned m any Court. Evidence tb*« AAs weie w done.

Officers and Soldiers for AAt to done shall be ref; >onftble to Court* Mutual' only.

If Person* detained under this Act sue forth a Uubttrt Corpus, it shall be a sufficient

loop

Return that the Kirty is detained b v Warrant of a Fcilon authorir d utait r this Act, &c.

Sa\ins of the K ng s Prero-g<five, Powers by Law vested in the L >rd Lieutenant, &c.

r O. c. 20.

0 1') i, or

expljintug

12 An. it. 2. r. I v 26 G. 2, C. 25.J

C. 117, 118. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

or other Person duly authorized by the Chief Governor or Chief Governors for the Time being to issue such Warrant under the Authority of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that the Name of such Officer or other Person so authorized as aforesaid to issue such Warrant shall have been previously notified by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, to the Court of King's Bench in Dublin, by Writing, signed by the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors, or his or their Chief Secretary, and signifying to the said Court that such Person or Persons was or were so authorized as aforesaid to exercise the Powers specified by this Act, and when such Return shall be made, it shall not be necessary to bring up the Body of the Person who is so detained.

V. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to take away, abridge, or diminish the acknowledged Prerogative of his Majesty, for the publick Safety, to resort to the Exercise of Martial Law against open Enemies or Traitors, or any Powers by Law vested in the said Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, with or without the Advice of his Majesty's Privy Council, or of any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to suppress Treason and Rebellion, and to do any Ad warranted by Law for that Purpose, in the same Manner as if this Act had never been made, or in any Manner to call in Question any Acts heretofore done for the like Purposes.

41 Continuance of Act, which may be altered this Session, §6."

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act to render more effectual an Act, passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, and for continuing the Encouragement of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto; and for discharging #ertain Debts incurred by the Commissioners of the Longitude in carrying the Acts relating thereto into Execution.

[29th July 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining and rendering more effectual two Acts, one made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea and the other in the twentyflixlb Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Seal with regard to the making Experiments of Prapofals made for discovering the Longitude, and to enlarge the Number of Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act; it is among other Things enacted, that it should be lawful for the Commissioners for discovering the Longitude at Sea, to cause such Nautical Almanacks, or other useful Tables, to be constructed, and to print, publish, and vend, or cause to be printed, published, and

vended, any Nautical Almanack or Almanacks, or other useful Table or Tables, which they, or the major Part of them, should, from Time to Time, judge necessary and useful, in order to facilitate the Method of discovering the Longitude at Sea; and it was further enacted, that no Person or Persons should print, publish, or vend, or cause to be printed, published, or vended, any Nautical Almanack or Almanacks, or other Table or Tables constructed under the Direction of the said Commissioners, without being licensed by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, and that if any Person or Persons not so licensed, or not

being authorized by the Person or Persons so licensed by the said Commissioners, should print, publish, or vend, or cause to be printed, published, or vended, any such Nautical Almanack or Almanacks, or other Table or Tables, every such Person or Persons should, for every Copy of such Nautical Almanack or Table so printed, published, or vended, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as in the said Act is mentioned: And whereas the said Commissioners for discovering the Longitude at Sea, have, from Time to Time, caused Nautical Almanacks, or Astronomical Ephemerides, and other Tables, to

be constructed for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned and particularly have for those Purposes caused such Nautical Almanacks, and Astronomical Ephemerides, and other Tables, to be constructed for the Years One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, One thousand eight hundred, One thousand eight hundred and one, One thousand eight hundred and two, One thousand eight hundred and three. One thousand eight hundred and four, One thousand eight hundred and five, and One thousand eight hundred and six: And whereas the said Nautical Almanacks, and Astronomical Ephemerides, and other useful Tables, have been printed and published pursuant to the Warrants or Licences of the said Commissioners for the said Years herein-before mentioned; and the said Commissioners have caused sundry Calculations to be made towards

the constructing, and completing and publishing of the like Nautical Almanacks, and Astronomical Epbemerides, and other useful Tables, for discovering the Longitude at Sea, for several Years subsequent to the said Year One thousand eight hundred and six: And whereas it has been found inconvenient that the said Nautical Almanacks, Astronomical Ephemerides, and Tables, should be constructed, printed, and puhliftitd,

only under the Authority of the major Part of the said Commissioners, who are many in Number, by reason of the Difficulty ot obtaining the necessary Signatures for licensing and authorising such Publication,

and of proving the same to be the Signatures of the major Part of the said Commissioners for the Time being, in case of Prosecutions for pirating the said Works; and it is expedient that further Regulations should be made in relation to the printing and publishing the said Nautical Almanacks, Astronomical Ephemerides, and other useful Tables May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's rood Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall

7 and

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 118.

and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Longitude for the Time being, or any five or more of them, (of whom the President of the Royal Society, and the Royal Astronomer at Greenwich for the Time being, shall be two, ) to causeany Nautical Almanacks and Agronomical Ephemerides, and other useful Tables, to be constructed, as they the said CommissioneA, or any five or more of them, (of whom the President of the Royal Society, and the Royal Astronomer at Greenwich, shall be two, ) shall from Time to Time judge necessary and useful to be constructed, in order to facilitate the Method of discovering the Longitude at Sea; and that it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons only as have been or shall be for that Purpose licensed in Manner herein after mentioned, to print, publish, and vend, or cause to be printed, published, and vended any such Nautical Almanacks, or Aftronoroical Ephemerides, and other useful Tables, as have been, or shall from Time to Time be so constructed as aforesaid; any Law, Statute, exclusive Privilege, private Charter, or other Custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Licences already given and granted for printing, publiftiing, and vending any such Nautical Almanacks, and Astronomical Ephemerides, and other useful Tables, under the Hands of any five or more of the said Commissioners of Longitude for the Time being (of whom the President of the Royal Society and the Royal Astronomer at Greenwich were two), shall be deemed as valid and effectual Licences for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for all other Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same had been given, granted, andsigned, by the major Part of the said Commissioners for the Time being; and that all Licences hereafter to be given and granted, for printing, publishing, and vending such Nautical Almanacks, and Astronomical Ephemerides, and other useful Tables, shall be signed by five or more of them the said Commissioners (of whom the President of the Royal Society, and the Royal Astronomer at Greenwich for the Time being shall be two), and being so signed, shall have the same Force and Effect as if the same had been given, granted, and signed, by the major Part of the said Commissioners for the Time being; any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Penalties or Forfeitures of twenty Pounds each, for everj pirated Copy of the said Works, given by the said Act of the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be sued, informed, and prosecuted for by the Secretary of the said Commissioners of the Longitude for the Time being, or by some other Person or Persons authorized by Writing, signed by five or more of the said Commissioners, and shall not be sued, informed, or prosecuted for by any other Person or Persons whomfgcver, and that such Suits, Prosecutions, and Informations, shall not abate by reason of the Death of such Prosecutors, or any of them, but shall be continued, in the Case of a foie Plaintiff or Informer, dying before Judgement obtained, in the Name of the Secretary of the said Commissioners for the Time being; and that such Penalties or Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be wholly to the Person who shall inform, prosecute, or sue for the same in Manner aforesaid, yrhich Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered shall be in Trust for, and subject to the Order and Disposition of the said Commissioners of Longitude for the Time being, or of any five or more of them; any Thing to the contrary in any former A A notwithstanding.

IV. ' And whereas by an Act made in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto, the Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude were empowered whenever they mould be satisfied of the Probability of any Proposal or Proposals that should be made to them for discovering the Longitude, or making any other useful Discovery and Improvement in Navigation, so as to think it proper to cause Experiments to be made thereof, to certify the same to the Commissioners of the Navy; and also in case they should adjudge any Person or Persons to have made any Discovery for finding the Longitude at Sea, which, though not of so great Use as to be entitled to any of the great Rewards specified in an Act made in the

fourteenth Year of his present Majesty, therein and also herein-before referred to, yet that the said Discovery

was of considerable Use to the Publick, or to have made any oth$r Discovery or Discoveries, Improvement or Improvements useful to Navigation, to certify such less Reward, or Sum or Sums of Money, as they the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude should think reasonable to be paid to such Person or Persons 5

and the Commissioners of the Navy were thereby authorized and required to make out Bills upon the Treasurer of the Navy for such Sums so certified, who was thereby authorized to pay the same immediately to such Person or Persons, out of any Monies which should be in his the said Treasurer's Hands, unapplied to the Use

of the Navy; and it was thereby further enacted, that all such Sum or Sums of Money as mould be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy, by virtue of the said Act, for the Purposes of making such Experiments as aforesaid, and in rewarding in a lesser Degree lesser Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, and also other

Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation, should not altogether exceed the Sum of five thousand Pounds: And whereas by several Payments made by the Treasurer of the Navy, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act of the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude, have expended the whole of the Sum of five thousand Pounds, granted bynhe said Act for the Purposes aforesaid, and moreover, several Debts have been incurred, and are now growing due for

sundry Matters and Things done by Order of the said Commissioners in carrying the said Acts into Execution, and for Services tending to the Benefit of Navigation: And whereas it is highly necessary that the said Debts should be discharged, and that the said Encouragements and Rewards for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act of the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, should be continued; be it therefore enacted, That the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude shall and may certify the Amount of such Debts, together with the NamcB of the Persons to whom the same are or shall be respectively due, under their Hands and

43 Geo. III. 6 M Seals,

1001

Five Commissioners of Longitude may cun-ftiutt Nautical Almanacks (the President of Royal Society and the Royal Astronomer being two).

Licence* fur printing and publishing them, signed by such five Commissioners, valid.

Penalties of sol. under Slat.

5 G. 3. c. so. for pirated Copies fiiairbe sued fur by the Secretary of the CommiT. sioners.

36 G.3, C. 107.

14 G. 3 c. 6

Commissioners shall certiiy Amount cf Debt* incurred by them under recited Act, t Commi&onets

of the Navy, who Hull make out Navy Bills for their Discharge,

Commissioners shall certify to Navy Board the Fitness of trying Experiments for Discovery of the Longitude; and also their Judgment that any Person it entitled to a less Reward than under 14 , G. 3. c. 66. for Improvements. Treasurer to pay Bills made out fcy Navy Board.

All Rich Debts and Rewards shall not exceed 5000l.

How Rewards shall be certified j under 1000l.,

above vooool.

Licences and Certificates shall not be liable to Stamp Duty.

C. 11S, 119. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Seals* to the Commissioners of the Navy, who are hereby authorized and required to make out a Bill or Bills upon thq Treasurer of the Navy for such Sum or Sums of Money as may be necessary for discharging the said Debts, which Sum or Sums of Money the said Treasurer is hereby required to pay to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so certified to be due respectively, out of any Money which shall be in his the said Trca-surer's Hands, unapplied as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, whenever they shall be satisfied of the Probability of any Proposal or Proposals that shall be made to them, for Discovery of the Longitude, or making any other useful Discovery and Improvement in Navigation, so as to think it proper to cause Experiments to be made thereof, to certify the same to the Commissioners of the Navy; and also in case they shall adjudge any Person or Persons to have made any Discovery for finding the Longitude at Sea, which though not of so great Use as to be entitled to any of the great Rewards specified in the said Act of the fourteenth Year of his jjrefent Majesty, yet that such Discovery is of considerable Use to the Publick, or to have made any other Discovery or Discoveries, Improvement or Improvements, useful to Navigation, to certify such less Reward, or Sum or Sums of Money, as they the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude shall think reasonable to be paid to such Person or Persons; and the Commissioners of the Navy are hereby authorized and required to make out a Bill or Bills upon the Treasurer of the Navy, for such Sum or Sums as shall be so certified to them by the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude; and the said Treasurer of, the Navy is hereby authorized and required to pay immediately such Sum or Sums to the Person or Persons who shall be appointed by the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude, to make such Experiments, or to receive such less Reward, or Sum or Sums of Money, for making lesser Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or any other Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation, out of any Monies which shall be in his the said Treasurer's Hands unapplied to the Use of the Navy.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy by virtue of this Act, as well for the Purpose of discharging the several Debts which have been incurred, and are now growing due, in Manner aforesaid, as of making such Experiments as aforesaid, and of rewarding in a lesser Degree lesser Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, and also other Discoveries and Improvements ufetul to Navigation, do not altogether exceed the Sum of five thousand Pounds.

VII. Provided also, That in case any inch Reward or Sum of Money to be given or paid for any of the Purposes aforesaid shall not exceed the Sum of one thousand Pounds, that then and in every such Case, it shall be certified to the Commissioners of the Navy as aforesaid, under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude, or any five or more of them; but if any such Reward, or Sum of Money, shall exceed the Sum of one thousand Pounds, that then the same shall in every such Case be certified as aforesaid, under the Hands and Seals of the first Commissioner of the Admiralty, the first Commissioner of the Navy, the President of the Royal Society, the Royal Astronomer at Greenwich, and the Comptroller of the Navy for the Time being, they respectively being by virtue of the several Offices held by them, Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude as aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Licences and Certificates, signed and sealed respectively, as herein-before is directed, shall not be considered, deemed, or taken to be, Deeds or Instruments liable to any Stamp Duties; but that the same shall be good and valid, and shall and may be given in Evidence in any Court of Law or Equity, as Occasion shall require, without being stamped in any Manner whatsoever; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXIX.

An Act for improving the Funds of the Chest at Chatham, and for transferring the Administration of the same to Greenwich Hospital 3 and for ameliorating the Condition of the Pensioners on the said

Funds.

[29th July 1803.]

WHEREAS there now is within this Realm a certain ancient and laudable Institution, commonly called or known by the Name of The Chejl at Chatham, for the perpetual Relief of such Mariners and Seafaring Men as have been or may happen to be hurt or maimed in the Service of his Majesty in the Royal Navy, or in any Ship or Vessel in his Majesty's Service, either at Sea or in Harbour; which said Chest is supported and maintained not only by certain Defalcations, Deductions, and Abatements, heretofore and dill rightfully and accustomably made from and out of the Wages of certain Mariners, Seamen, and others, in his Majesty's Navy, and by the Fines and Mul&s imposed by Naval Courts Martial, but also by and with the Kents, Issues, and Profits of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and the ' Dividends, Interest, and Produce of certain Capital Stock in the publick Funds of and belonging to the said Chest; and which said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and Capital Stock, or some Part or Parts thereof, now are or is vested in Sir Andrew Snape Hamond Baronet, Sir Francis John Hartwell Knight, Supervisors, and in John Madgjhon Gentleman, and Edward Sifun Gentleman, Governors of the said Chest, and also in Abel Moyfey Esquire, Deputy Remembrancer of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Wedminflery some or one of them, or in some other Person or Persons, to the Use of or in Trust for the said Chest: And whereas the Affairs of the said Chest are now conduced and managed at Chatham in the County of Kent by certain Officers and Persons removeable every Year; And whereas in order the more effectually to secure the due Administration of the Trusts of the said Chest, and to increase the Funds

thereof,

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. ir^.

thereof, and also the better to provide for the Relief of such maimed and wounded Mariners and Seafaring Men as aforesaid, it is expedient not only that the said Chest should be removed from Chatham aforesaid, to

the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwichr and be there placed under the Superintendance and Controul of the Persons herein after named, but also that the Affairs of the said Chest should be conduced and managed as herein after mentioned} and that the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, should be sold and disposed of, and the Monies arising therefrom vested in the publick Funds, in Trust for the Use and Benefit of the said Chest May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it

-enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Institution, commonly called or known by the Name of The Chest at Chatham, shall be removed from Chatham in the County of Kent, to his Majest's Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich in the same County, to be there conducted and managed as herein after mentioned, and that the same shall be from henceforth denominated and called The Chest-at Greenwich; and that all the Powers and Authorities, Right3, Privileges, and Advantages now vested in the said Sir Andrew Snape Hamend\ Sir Francis John Hartwelly John Madgjbony and Edward or In any other Perfoft or Persons whatsoever,

shall cease and determine, and that the Tame shall from and after the passing of this Act, be and they are hereby vested in the first Commissioner for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral- of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being, the Comptroller of his Majesty's Navy for the Time being, the Governor of his Majesty's RoyaLHospital for Seamen at Greenwich for the Time being, and the Auditor of the said Hospital for the Time being, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the same were before the passing of this Act vested in or enjoyed by the said Sir Andrew Snape Hamondy Sir Francis John Hartwelly John Madgjbon, and Edward Si/on, or in or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever; which said first Commissioner for executing the Omce of Lord High Admiral, Comptroller of his Majesty's Navy, Governor of the said Hospital, and Auditor of the said Hospital, shall be and they are hereby created for ever hereafter one Body Politick and Corporate, in Deed and Name, by the Name, Style, and Title of the Super-nsifors of the Chcjt at Greenwich, and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession, and shall have a Common Seal, and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued; and also shall and may have Power and Authority to purchase, take, and receive any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to them, their Successors and Assigns, and also to take and receive the Gifts, either by way of Alienation or Devise, of any Person or Persons, of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for any Estate or Interest whatsoever, for the Use of the said Chest, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statute of Mortmain; and all Persons whatsoever are hereby enabled to convey and devise the fame, and to give and bequeath any Goods, Money, or Chattels whatsoever, for the Use and Benefit of the said Chest; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

4t Lands and Hereditaments heretofore vested in the Chest at Chatham, divested and vested in the Corporation created by this Act, with Power to dispose of the same, and invest the Produce in three per Cent. Consols, 4t for Benefit of the Chest at Greenwich, §2. — Lands so fold shall be conveyed to Purchasers, §3. — Stock now Handing for the Use of Chatham Chest shall be assigned to the Corporation, §4. — For Appointment 4t of Directors of the Chest at Greenwich, f $ — For appointing Officers and Clerks, §6. — For Appointment of Accountant and Clerks, §7. — For making Compensation for Loss of Places under Chatham Chest, 44 §8. — For providing Offices, §9. — Records and Books of Chatham Chest shall be delivered over to Direc-4t tors of Greenwich Chest, § to — Rules and Regulations may be made by the Supervisors (and by the Di- rectors with Approbation of the Supervisors) for granting and paying Pensions, $11."

XII. And be it further enacted, That in order to prevent the Inconveniencies arising to Persons applying for Relief from the said Chest, from being unnecessarily detained upon that Occasion, the said Directors, or three of them at the least, shall, and they are hereby required to meet on Tuesday in every Week, for the Purpose of examining into and considering the Cases of all such Persons so applying for Relief as aforesaid; and they the said Directors shall thereupon forthwith determine upon the Case or Cases of the Person or Persons so applying, unless they shall see Occasion to adjourn the Consideration thereof.

XIII. 4 And, the more effectually to enable such Mariners and Seafaring Men, to whom Pensions are

or shall be granted out of the said Chest, to receive the same in the most easy and convenient Manner, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the same be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said Directors, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, as often as there shall be Occasion, to make out or cause to be made out two Bills for every Pension granted out of the said Chest; which Bills shall be Duplicates, and joined together with oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices, in such Manner as the said Directors shall think proper, and shall be payable to such Pensioner by the Receiver General of the Land Tax for auy County, Riding, or City, within the United Kingdom, Collector of the Customs for any Port, Collector of Excise for any Collection in the United Kingdom, or Clerk of the Cheque at any of his Majesty's Dock Yards respectively, near which such Pensioner shall happen to reside, according to the Appointment of such Bills; and the said Bills being numbered and dated shall be signed by the said Directors, or any three of them, and attested by the said Accountant, or one of his said Clerks, and be written or printed according to the following Form:

1003

The Chest at Chatham shall be removed to Greenwich, and be called The Chest at Greenwich.

Power* vested in a Body Corporate, to be called Supervisors of The Chest at Greenwich.

Weekly Meetings of Diiec-tors.

For enabling Pensioners to receive tlteir Monies in aa e.ify Manner from Receiver s-General, Colit vftors of Revenue, See. and far preventing Frauds.

6 M 2

The

A.D. 1803.

Venlioners shall nitorm the Director* of their Change of Residence.

Mode of proceeding in Cales where Receiv-ers-Genera), Sec. fhJI not have publick Money 111 Hand.

C.X19. 43° GEORGII III.

The Form — A. N° 1. Chest at Greenwich.

Sir, pav to B. D. of in the County of Pensioner of the Chest at

Greenwich, upon producing the Duplicate hereof, together with a Certificate under the Hands of the Mi-nifter and Churchwardens [ar, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Scotland, under the Hands of the Minister and two Elders] of the Parish where the said B. D. resides, that thfc said B. D- to the best of their Knowledge and Belief, is the Person named in such Bill, the Sum of being on Account of the Pension of the said B. D. if the same shall be demanded within six Calendar Months from the Date hereof, otherwise you are to return this Bill to the Accountant of the Chest at Greenwich.

Signed A.B. 1

C.D. > Directors of the Chest at Greenwich. E.F. 3

Attested, C.D. Accountant (or, Clerk to the Accountant) of the Chest at Greenwich.

To

The Receiver General of the Land Tax of the County of The Collector of the Customs at the Port of The Collector of the Excise at The Clerk of the Cheque at

(at the Case may be}

By virtue of the Act of the forty-third of King George the Third.

N.B. The personating or falsely assuming the Name and Character of any Pensioner of the Chest at Green wichy or his Executor or Administrator, in order to receive the pension due to such Pensioner, his Executor or Administrator, or procuring any other to do the fame, is made Felony without Benefit of Clergy, by the Act of the forty-third of King George the Third.

And as soon as the said Bills shall be so made out and signed, the said Directors shall cause them to be cut asunder indentwise, through the oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices, and shall cause one of the said Bills to be transmitted forthwith to the Person nominated and specified in such Bills, and the other of the said Bills to be transmitted forthwith to the said Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of tho Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, on whom such Bills shall be so drawn as aforesaid, and the said Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of Excise, and Clerk of the Cheque, if the said Duplicates of such Bills shall be produced and delivered to either of them respectively, within six Calendar Months from the Date thereof, are hereby required and enjoined to examine such Duplicate, together with the Certificate to be produced as aforesaid, and to enquire into the Truth thereof by the Oath of the Person producing the fame, or such Person being a Quaker, by the solemn Affirmation of such Person (which Oath or Affirmation they are hereby respectively authorized and required to administer), and upon being duly satisfied of the Truth of such Certificate, to testify the same on the Back of such Bill, and shall immediately pay to such Pensioner, without Fee or Reward, on any Pretence whatsoever, the Sum contained in such Bill, taking his Receipt for the same on the Back thereof; which Bill so paid, upon being produced and delivered at the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy, shall be immediately repaid by the said Treasurer to such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, or to the Order of any such Receiver General, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or (Jlerk of the Cheque, respectively; but in case the Duplicate of such Bill shall not be produced and delivered, and the Payment thereof be demanded, within six Calendar Months from the Date thereof, or if a proper Certificate of the Person claiming such Pension be not likewise produced, then the said Receiver General, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, shall return such Bill to the Directors of the said Chest at Greenwich, who shall cause such Bill to be cancelled; and from and after the cancelling of the same, such Part of the said Pension shall accrue and become payable in like Manner as if the said Bill had not been made out; all which said Bills and Receipts to be so made and given as aforesaid shall be free and exempt from and not liable to any Duty of Stamps whatsoever, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Pensioner who shall be entitled under the Authority of this Act to receive Payment of his Pension by Remittance as herein-before mentioned shall, as often as he shall change his Place of Abode, give Notice thereof to the said Directors, or to the Accountant for the said Chest; and in case, for want of any such Notice, any Loss shall happen by reason of the Remittance of the Duplicate of such Pensioner's Bill, to the Place from which such Pensioner shall have removed, without giving such Notice, such Loss shall fall upon and be borne and sustained by the Pensioner so making Default in this Behalf.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if any such Receiver General, Collector of the Customs, Colk&or of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, to whom the Duplicate of any of the Bills herein-before directed to be made out shall be tendered for Payment, shall not then have in his Hands publick Money sufficient to answer the fame, and shall refuse or delay the immediate Payment thereof, such Receiver General, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, shall immediately indorse on the Back of the said Duplicate the Day of its being so tendered to him, and the Cause of his Refusal or Delay to pay the same, and shall appoint thereon, for the Payment of such Bill, some future Day within the Space of tw o Months at the fartheil, from the Day of its having been first tendered to him , as aforesaid;

which

1005

A.D. 1803.

43tf GEORGII III.

C. 119.

which Duplicate, with the Indorsement thereon, shall be immediately delivered back to the Person prefeftting the fame; and if upon Complaint to be made to the respective Commissionero appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to manage the said several Duties of the Land Tax, Customs, or Excise, or to the Commissioners of the Navy if the Person complained of be a Clerk of the Cheque, it shall appear that such Receiver General, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, hath unnecessarily and wilfully refused or delayed the Payment of such Bill, or that such Receiver General, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, or any Person employed by or under any of them, hath directly or indirectly received or taken any Fee, Reward, Gratuity, Discount, or Deduction whatsoever, on account of the Payment of the said Bill, it shall and may be lawful to and for any three or more of the said Commissioners to convict and fine any such Offender under their respective Direction, in any Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; which Conviction shall be made by such respective Commissioners; and such Fine shall be levied and recovered in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Conviction may be made and any Penalty may be levied or recovered for any Offence against any Law by which any Custom or Excise is imposed or laid; and the said Fine, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers against such Offender or Offenders.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Bills so paid by the said Treasurer of the Navy shall be allowed as so much Cash paid in ready Money in the Accounts of the said Treasurer of the Navy with the said Directors of the said Chest at Greenwich, and the said Directors of the said Chest at Greenwich are hereby required and directed to allow and pay the same to the said Treasurer of the Navy accordingly.

XVII. 'And whereas divers wicked Practices may be carried on by Persons knowingly and wilfully per-€ fonating, and falsely assuming the Name and Character of any Pensioner of the said Chelt, or the Executor or Admimstrator of any such Pensiontr, in order to receive the Money due to any such Pensioner on account of his Pension be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, whosoever willingly and knowingly shall personate or falsely assume the Name or Character of, or procure any other to personate or falsely to assume the Name or Character of, any Person entitled or supposed to be entitled as a Pensioner, or as the Executor or Administrator of any Person entitled or supposed to be entitled as a Pensioner, to any Pension or Allowance of Money from the said Chest, in order to receive the Money due or supposed to be due on such Pension, every such Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted oSf any such Offence or Offences, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and suffer Death as a Felon without Bienefit of Clergy.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person upon Examination upon Oath or Affirmation before any Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collator of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, touching any of the Matters or Things herein-before directed to be enquired into, upon Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, shall wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm any Matter or Thing which shall be falseor untrue, every such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties, as any Person convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury i* by any Law now in Force subject and liable to.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Letters or Packet* addressed to the said Directors, or their Accountant for the Time being, upon any Business or Affairs relating to the said Chest, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be free from the Duty of Postage; and also that all Letters or Packets sent by the said Accountant, or in his Absence by his Chief Clerk for the Time being, in thC Execution of this Act, in Manner and Form herein after directed, shall be sent free from the said Duty of Postage; and all Letters and Packets relating to the Execution of this Act, that shall be forwarded by the said Accountant, or his said Chief Clerk as aforesaid, shall be under Covers with the Words " Pursuant to Act of Parliament forty-third George the Third, " printed upon the fame; and the said Accountant or his said Chief Clerk, as the Case may be, shall write his Name under the fame; and they and each of them are and is hereby strictly prohibited from inclosing or fending under such Covers, any Writing, Paper, or Parcel whatsoeveY, excepting such as relate to the Execution of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any such Accountant or Clerk as aforesaid shall presume to fend or convey, under any of the Covers aforesaid, any Writing, Paper, or Parcel, other thah those relating to the Execution of this Act, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit by any Person or Persons, by Action of Debt, BiH, Plaint, or Information* in any of his Majesty8 Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; one Moiety of which Penalty shall go to the Person who shall sue for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to and for the Benefit of the said Chest.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Assignment9, Bargains, Sales, Orders, Contracts, Agreements, or Securities whatsoever, which shall be given or made by any Pensioner, for, upon, or in respect of any Sum or Sums of Money to become due on any Pension granted or to be granted by the Directors of the said Chest, shall be absolutely null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Pensioner to whom such Duplicate of Bill shall be remitted shall be prevented or disabled from appearing personally before the Receiver General, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, by bodily Infirmity, and such Disability shall be certified in Writing by the Minister and Churchwardens or Minister and Elders (a* the Case may be) of the Parish where fuoi Pensioner may happen to reside, or by the Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary attending him, then and in such Case, the Sum mentioned in such Duplicate of Bill shall be paid to act, other Person whom such Pensioner shall by Writing under his Hand, to be indorsed upon such Duplicate, order the same to be paid, such Person at the Time of demanding Payment thereof, producing

50J. Penalty on Persons wilfully delaying, or receiving a Fee, See. for the Payment of any Bill.

Treasurer of the Navy shall be allowed aH Bills paid by him.

Penalty on Persons personating Pensioners, or procuring the fame, Felony without Clergy*

Punishing Persons guilty of Perjury.

Accountant |and his Clerk may send and receive Letters and Packets upon Business relating to the said Chefl r free of Postage.

Penalty on such Accountant or Clerk fending any Writing, Paper, or Parcel, other than relating to the Act, tool.

Assignments made by Pensioners Qull be void.

When the Pensioner cannot appear personally, on < ertifl-'cate ol Minister, Sec. Pension may be paid to his Order.

ico6 C. 119, 120.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

43 G. 3. recited.

C. 96.

such Duplicate of Bill, together with such Certificates respectively, as to the Identity of such Pensioner, and his Inability to appear personally as before mentioned, and giving a Receipt for the same at the Foot of such Order; which Order, and also the Receipt last mentioned, shall be respectively free from the Duty of Stamps; and such Receipt shall be as effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes as if given by such Pensioner, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP. CXX.

An Act to amend an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intit uledy ( An Act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the present War, and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property by such Meefures as may be necessary for that Purpose f and to enable his Majesty more ffedually and speedily to exercise his ancient and undoubted Prerogative in requiring the Military Service of his liege Subjects in case of Invnsion of the Realm. [11th August 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act hath been passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm, during the present War, and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose; and to enable his Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise his ancient and undoubted Prerogative in requiring the Military Service of his liege Subjects in case of Invafon of the Realm: And \vl1erea3 it is expedient that the said Act should be amended in iome Respects may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever the Number of effective Men enrolled and serving in any Volunteer Corps, which shall have been or shall be formed in any County, District, or Parish, with the Approbation of his Majesty, under any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, or which shall be passed in the present Session of Parliament, relating to Volunteer Corps, and of the Men engaged to serve as Volunteers under the said recited Act, in such County, District, or Parish, shall appear satisfactory to his Majesty, and such Volunteer Corps or Volunteers aforesaid respectively shall have agreed or shall agree to be trained and exercised and to march to any Part of Great Britain for the Defence thereof, in case of actual Invasion or the Appearance of an Enemy in Force upon the Coast, and for the Suppression of any Rebellion or Insurrection, as in the said recited Act is mentioned, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to suspend, within such County, District, or Parish, such of the Provisions of the said Act as require the Men enrolled for Military Service under the same to be trained, exercised, drawn out, asst mbled, or embodied in such Manner and under and subject to such Conditions, Rules, and Regulations as in the said recited Act are mentioned, although the Number of effective Men eurolled and serving in such Volunteer Corps and engaged to serve as Volunteers under the said recited Act in such County, District, or Parish shall not amount unto three Fourths of the whole Number of Men enrolled for Service in the, first Claf&of such County, District, or Parish respectively; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person being one of the People of the Church or Congregations called

*>eCII<A-^Unit* Fratrumy or United Brcthrenx shall be liable to Military Service under the said recited Act* so long as

o. r. rc a- continue to be Of Persuasion; and that all and every other the Provisions in the said recited Act

contained in relation to the People called Quakers shall apply and extend and be construed to apply and extend to all Persons being of the People called Unitas Fratrumx or United Brethreny as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said People called Unitas Fratrumy or Uruted Brethren, had been expressly named in such Provisions; any Thing contained in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Mailer or Mate of any Merchant or Trading Vessel, nor any Person bound an Apprentice to any Mailer of any Merchant or Trading Vessci actually serving on board such

Vessel, or in actual Employ as such Master or Mate thereof, or as such Apprentice, shall be subject or liable

to any Fines by the said recited Act imposed for Non-attendance at the Times and Places of Training and

Exercise in the Parish for which he shall be enrolled, so long as such Master, Mate, or Apprentice shall be

attendance a*0" a<^ua^y fcrv*ng orn actual Employ as aforesaid; any Tiling in the said recited Act to the contrary thereofn ance a notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That where any Person shall piopose to remove altogether from his Place of Residence in any Parish for which he shall have been enrolled under the said recited Act in order to reside in any other Parish, and shall give Notice thereof, and also of the Name of the Parish to which he intends to remove, to the Constable, Schoolmaster, or other proper Parochial Officer of such Parish for which he shall have been enrolled, and shall return an Account of hi mi elf, containing the Particulars required by the said Act, to the Constable, Schoolmaster, or other proper Parochial Officer for the Parish to which he shall amove, in order to his being enrolled therein, and shall obtain from such Constable, Schoolmaster, or other proper Parochial Officer a Certificate of such Enrolment (which Certificate every such Constable, Schoolmaster, or other Parochial Officer is hereby required, having previously enrolled such Person, to give accordingly), and shall trail smit such Certificate of Enrolment to the Constable, Schoolmaster, or other proper Parochial Officer of the Parish from which he shall have removed, then and in such Case every such Person shall thereupon be discharged in respect of such Parish from all the Provisions of the said recited Act to which he would thereupon have been subject and liable in case he had

tht Provisions of remained therein, and shall from thenceforth be and be deemed and considered to be enrolled in the said Parish to

7 which

If the Number of Volunteers in : my County, dtc. Hiall be f ui't'ac-tory to his Majesty, he may suspend the Operation of recited Act, although they Oml! not amount to three Fourth* of the first Class. [ V.r § <; ?.

Of 43 <>'.3. r <A]

Proufions of

§ 9, tfc.] rcla ting toi^uaken, extended to the United Brethren.

Matters and Mates of Trading VtflcU, or Apprentices, not liable to Fine, M'hile serving on

Exercise Person removirg tonuolherPa-ilh, and giving Notice thereof to the Constable, &c. where enrolled, and making a Return of himself to the Constable, ice. of the Pai ilb to which he removes, shall be discharged from

C. 120.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III.

1007

which he shall remove, and shall be subject and liable therein from the Time of such new Enrolment to all the Provisions of the said recited Act to which he would thenceforth have been subject and liable in the Parish from which he shall have removed in case he had remained therein.

V. And be it further enacted, That where any Person who shall have been enrolled under the said recited Act in any Parish shall afterwards leave Great Britain, every such Person, giving Notice thereof to the Constable, Schoolmaster, or other proper Parochial Officer of such Parish, shall be discharged from all the Provisions of the said recited Act lo long only as he shall continue out of Great Britain.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever any Person shall, by virtue of this Act, be discharged from the Enrolment of any Parish, or shall be enrolled therein upon his Removal from any other Parish, the Constable, Schoolmaster, or other proper Parochial Officer of the Parish in which any such Discharge or new Enrolment shall take place, shall and they are hereby required to return to the Clerk of the Subdivision wherein the same shall be situate, at the next Subdivision Meeting subsequent to the Time of any such Discharge or new Enrolment, a List of all such Persons who shall have been so discharged from or newly enrolled in such Parish by virtue of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That when any Person who shall have been absent at any Time or Times for any temporary Purposes only from the Parish for which he shall be enrolled, and in which he shall be liable to be trained and exercised as aforesaid, shall upon his Return to such Parish prove to the Satisfaction of the Commanding Officer, or the Constable, Schoolmaster, or other proper Officer thereof, or any Deputy Lieutenant of the Subdivision wherein the same shall be situate, that he hath been prevented during the Time of such Absence from being trained and exercised in any other Parish, by reason that he hath been travelling without having continued a sufficient Length of Time in any Parish to enable him to be trained and exercised therein, or by reason of his not having been resident in any Place during such Absence within four Miles of any Place of Training and Exercise, and shall obtain a Certificate from such Commanding Officer, Constable, Schoolmaster, or other proper Officer, or any such Deputy Lieutenant, of his having so done, every such Person shall be discharged from all Fines to which he would during such Absence have been liable under the said recited Act for Non-attendance at the Times and Places of Training and Exercise in such Parish for which he shall be enrolled as aforesaid; provided such Person shall offer to the Commanding Officer, Constable, Schoolmaster, or other proper Officer of such Parish, to be trained and exercised, and shall (if required so to do) actually attend to be trained and exercised for so many Days in Addition to the usual Days appointed for Training and Exercise in such Parish after his Return thereto as shall have been appointed for that Purpose during his Absence.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty shall think fit to direct that any Officer or Officers appointed for training and disciplining the Persons ordered to be trained and exercised in any Parish or united Parishes under the Provisions of the said recited Act shall be removed or displaced, and that the Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants acting in his Absence, of the County wherein such Parish shall be situate shall appoint any other fit and proper Person or Persons in his or their Room, it shall be lawful for such Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants to appoint any such other fit and proper Person or Persons to be an Officer or Officers in the Room of the Officer or Officers who shall be so removed, whether the Person or Persons so appointed as aforesaid shall be resident in such Parish or not.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Captain of each Company of Men who shall be ordered to be trained and exercised under the said recited Act to appoint fit and proper Persons to be Non-.commissioned Officers, not exceeding the Proportion of fix Serjeants, fix Corporals, and two Drummers, for every one hundred and twenty Men; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Person enrolled in any Volunteer Corps or Company, whether the same shall have been formed before the passing of this Act, or shall be formed after the passing thereof, under any Act or Acts now in Force relating to Volunteer Corps, or under the said recited Act, and also any other Person who shall be trained and exerciud under the said recited Act, shall take the Oath of Allegiance to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors^ and such Oath shall and may be administered to all such Persons as shall have been enrolled in any such Volunteer Corps before the passing of this Act, as soon as may be after the passing thereof, and to all such Persons as shall be enrolled in any Volunteer Corps after the passing of this Act, as loon as may be after their Enrolment in such Corps by any Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, or by any Commissioned Officer of such Corps; and such Oath shall and may be administered to all such Persons not being in any Volunteer Corps or Company as shall be trained and exercised under the said recited Act at the Time of his first Attendance for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, or as soon after a9 may be, by any Deputy Lieutenant or by any Justice of the Peace, or by any Commissioned Officer appointed for the Purpose of training and exercising such last mentioned Persons respectively.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants of any Subdivision*; or for the Commanding Officer of any Volunteer Corps or Company formed in any Parish or united Parishes, with the Approbation of his Majesty, under the said recited Act, to agree with and employ any such Serjeant or other Person as in the said recited Act is mentioned, for the Purpose of instructing such Volunteer Corps or Companies in the Use of Arms, and to allow to such Person any Sum not exceeding two Shillings and Sixpence per Day for every Day of his Attendance for that Purpose, to be paid by such Persons, and in such Manner, and under such and the like Penalties for the Refusal or Neglect to pay the same as in the said recited Act are mentioned with respect to the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence thereby authorized to be paid to the Serjeant or other Person employed to instruct the Persons liable to be trained and exercised under the Directions of the said Act: Provided always, that every such Volunteer Corps or Company shall consist of sixty Men at the least.

recited wi?h respect to his former Parish,

Persons quitting Great Britain, on Notice, Hull he discharged during Absence. Constables, &c-shall return to the Clerks of the Subdivisions Lilts of Persons discharged or newly enrolled.

Persons absent from their Parishes, and proving on their Return that they have been prevented from being trained in any other Parish, and obtaining a Certificate from the Commanding Officer, shall be discharged from Penalty on certain Conditions.

Lieutenant, &c. may appoint Officers in the Room of any removed by his Majority's Dotations,

Increase in Number of Non-commissioned Officers, &c. [&r^30. of r. 96.3

Volunteers, and Persons trained under recited Act, thud take the Oath of Allegiance

Deputy Lieutenants, Sec. may employ Seijvanis, &c. to inrtnnft the Corps, and make them an Allowance not exceeding is. id. per Day.

[ W §32. c. 96 J

iooB

Lord Lieutenant may appoirtt a Doptny Lieutenant lo act for turn during Sieknels, &c. [£v f.96. §69.] Provisions of recited Act [^af, 26.] relative to Arms, ike. extended to United Parishes and extraparochial Places.

Provisions of this and recited Act shall be con-(irued together.

[See 44 G. 3.

1.13. os to Great Britain.]

41 G. 3. c. 66.

Commanding Offi <: ers shall riike Returns of their Corps thee Times a Year.

To be deemed effective Members, Persons (h.dl duly attend, if Cavalry it, if Infantry 24, Day tin a Year.

C. 120, 121. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

XII. ' And whereas by the said recited Act any Lord ^Lieutenant of any County is empowered, with the ' Approbation of his Majesty^ to appoint any Deputy Lieutenant to a ft for him within the County as Lieute-

nant thereof, during the necessary and unavoidable Absence of such Lord Lieutenant, and no longer/ now be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Lord Lieutenant, with the Approbation of his Majesty, to appoint any such Deputy Lieutenant to act for him within the County as Lieutenant thereof, as well during the Sickness or other Disability as during the necessary and unavoidable Absence of such Lord Lieutenant.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That such of tie Provisions in the said recited Act contained as relate to the keeping and viewing such Arms and Accoutrements as his Majesty may order and direct to be providtd for the Use of any Parish or Parishes, and to the Expence attending the fame, and to the Payment of such Expences, shall extend and be applied to all Cases where any two or more Parishes shall be united for the Purposes of the said Act, or where any extraparochial Place or Places shall be added to any Parish or Parishes, as fully and effectually as if the same Provisions had been by the said Act expressly applied to united Parishes and extraparochial Places.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions of this Act shall, in the Execution of the said recited Act, be used and applied and construed in like Manner as if the same Provisions were Specially enacted in the said Act; and all and every the Provisions of the said Act shall, in the Execution of this Act, except where the same are thereby expressly varied, be used and applied, extended and construed iu like Manner as if the same Provisions (except as aforesaid) were specially enacted in this Act.

CAP. CXXI.

An Act: for authorizing the billetting of such Troops of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry as maybe desirous of assembling for the Purpose of being trained together, in Great Britain and Ireland j and forsubjecting to Military Discipline, during the War, such Serjeants ferring in any Volunteer or Yeomanry Corps of Cavalry or Infantry as receive constant Pay, and all Trumpeters, Drummers, or Bugle Men serving therein, and receiving Pay at any daily or weekly Rate; and for the further'regulating of such Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps. [i I th August 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to avail himself of the Offers of certain Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps to continue s their Services: And whereas it is expedient to regulate the Returns and Mullers of such Corps, and thereby ' to make Provisions in relation to such Corps, that no Persons enrolled therein shall be entitled to or have any c Exemptions from being ballot ted to serve in any additional Military Force raised or to be raised for the De-

fence of the United Kingdom, unless they shall appear to be and are returned under this Act a3 effective and

fit to serve: And whereas many Corns and Troops of Volunteer Cavalry in Great Britain, whose Offers of ' Service have been accepted by his Majesty, or which may hereafter be formed in pursuance of the said Act, < are or may be desirous ofartembling together at such convenient Places, and for such Time as may be fixed

under the Authority of this Act, lor the Purpose of more effectually training and disciplining themselves, and for that Purpose it may be necessary to provide Quarter, and to billet such of the said Volunteers as may not

find it convenient to return to their own Houses after each Day's Exercise: And whereas it isalfo expedient

to make Regulations respecting Serjeants, Corporals, Trumpeters, and Drummers, serving in or with such

Corps in Great Britain and Ireland f may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several and respective Officers commanding such Corps respectively shall, on or before the first Day of September succeeding the passing of this Act, and on or before the first Day of January, the first Day of May> and the first Day of September, in each and every succeeding Year, during the Continuance of the War, make Returns to the Clerk of the General Meetings of Lieutenancy, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked ( A.), for the Use of the respective Lieutenants of their respective Counties, and certify the fame'tobe true, in the Form contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.); and every such Commanding Officer shall distinguish in all such Returns the effective from the non-effective Members of such Corps, together with the Names of all such Persons as have joined their respective Corps since the last Returns, and which of such Persons respectively shall have entered themselves as effective Members thereof, and the Names of all^Persons who shall continue effective Members of such Corps respectively, and also the Names of all such Persons as shall, by reason of Defaults in not attending the Exercise of any such Corps, have become non-effective Members thereof, ariti shall also make to the Secretary of State, the Adjutant General of the Forces, and to the General of the District, when any such shall be appointed, accurate Returns of their respective Corps, specifying the Numbers of effective and non-effective Men in their Corps at the Time of making such Returns; and all such last mentioned Returns shall be made as near as may be, according to the Nature of the Corps, in the Form in which Military Returns are usually made on the first: of every Month.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be deemed, construed, or taken to be an effective Member of such Corps, or shall be returned as such by any Commanding Officer, or entitled to any Exemption from being ballotted or enrolled to serve in any additional Forces, raised or to be raised under any Acts passed in this or any subsequent Session of Parliament, for enabling his Majesty more effectually to raise any additional Military Force for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War, or to supply any Vacancies in such additional Force as aforesaid, tsnless such Person shall have duly attended properly armed, accoutred, and equipped, at the Muller or Exercise of the Corps to which he belongs, if Cavalry, twelve Days, if Infantry, twenty-four Days at the kill, 3*between

1009

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C.I2l.

between the first Day of January and the last Day of December in each Year, (unless prevented by actual Sickness, stich Sickness to be certified by some medical Pra&itioner to the Commanding Officer of the Corps, ) and who shall not be returned according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, by the Commanding Officer of the Corps, as having so attended Musters and Exercise as aforesaid, and as being, from his Attendance and Exercise in such Corps, effective and fit for Service: Provided always, that every Person, duly returned in any such Muster-Roll and Return under this Act, shall, from the Date of such Muster-Roll and Return, be exempted from being ballotted or enrolled to serve in any additional Force raised or to be raised under any Act or Acts of this or any subsequent Session of Parliament, or to supply any Vacancy therein, and shall remain so exempted until he shall be struck out of the Muster-Roll of his Corps for Non-attendance or Default.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter or repeal any of the Provisions of two Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, to enable his Majesty to avail himself of the Offers of certain Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps to continue their Services, and to accept and continue the Services of certain Troops or Companies of Yeomanry in Ireland (except so far as the same are hereby expressly varied or altered).

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever thh Men enrolled, or the Majority of them, in any such Troop or Troops of Volunteer Cavalry, shall, through their Captain or Commanding Officer, signify in Writing to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place where such Troop or Corps shall be raised, or in case of Vacancy, or in the Absence of the Lieutenant, to the Deputy Lieutenants executing the Office of the Lieutenant, their Desire to afiemfcfle under the Command of their own Officers at any Place in

?articular, or at any convenient Place or Places either within the same County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or 'lace, or without, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, for any Space of Time not exceeding in the Whole ten Days, Either successively or at Intervals, within the Space of four Months, and either in separate Corps or Troops or together with any other Corps or Troops of Volunteer Cavalry, who shall also have signified their Desire of assembling for that Purpose in like Manner, or with any Regiment, Troop, or Troops of his Majesty's Regular Forces of Cavalry, or any Number of such Cavalry, in case his Majesty shall think proper to give Directions to such of his Cavalry as aforesaid for that Purpose, it shall be lawful for such Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants respectively in every Year, in pursuance of the Desire of any Con>9 or Troop of Volunteer Cavalry, to be signified in Manner aforesaid, to make an Order for assembling such Volunteer Cavalry at such Place or Places as the said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, with the Concurrence of the General Officer having the Command of the District, and in case the Place appointed shall be in another County or Riding, then also with the Concurrence of the Lieutenant of such County or Riding, or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, shall think fit; and likewise to direct an Order to any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place where such Volunteer Cavalry shall be appointed to assemble themselves for the Purpose aforesaid, in which. Order shall be specified the Place or Places at which, and precise Time or Times during which such Volunteer Cavalry are to continue so assembled under the Authority of this Act; and the Justice of the Peace to whom such Order shall be directed shall issue his Precept to the Constable, Headborough, or other Officer of the Peace of the Place where such Volunteer Corps or Troops are to be assembled, for quartering and billetting the Non-commissioned Officers, Trumpeters (or Bugle Men), and Privates of such Volunteer Corps or Troops, upon such Persons and in such Houses situate in the Place or Places specified in such Order, as his Majesty's Regular Forces may by L?.w be quartered and billetted upon; and that from and after the Delivery of such Order of the Lieutenant of any County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, or Deputy Lieutenants acting as aforesaid, made with such Consent and Concurrence as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, where any such Corps or Troop of Volunteer Cavalry are toaflemble, it shall be lawful to quarter and billet the Non-commissioned Officers, Trumpeters (or Bugle Men), and Private Men of any such Corps or Troop of Volunteer Cavalry, in all and every the Houses situate in such Place or Places as aforesaid, in which, and upon all and every the Persons on whom any of his Majesty's Regular Forces Inay by Law be quartered and billetted; and that from and after the Delivery of any such Order, during the Times appointed as aforesaid for such Training and Exercise, all and every the rowers, Provisions, Rules, Penalties, Allowances, Matters, and Things provided and established by any Act or A6is now or hereafter to be in Force for quartering and billetting uis Majesty's Regular Forces, shall be used and put in Practice for quartering and billetting the Corp8 and Troops of Volunteer Cavalry assembled under the Authority of this Act, as fully and effectually as if all and every the said Powers, Provisions, Rules, Penalties, Allowances, Matters, and Things had been specially re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Lieutenant of any County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, or the Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, shall have fixed the Day and Place of Exercise for any Corps or Troop of Volunteer Cavalry, he or they shall, as soon as maybe, certify the same to the Receiver General of such County, Riding, or Place, if in England, or if in Scotland* to the Receiver General for Scotland, specifying the Number of Men and the Number of Days appointed for exercising them, not exceeding in the Whole ten Days; and such Receiver General is hereby required, within fourteen Days after the Receipt of tuch Certificate, to issue and pay to the Officer having the Command of each Corps or Troop at the Rate of two Shil-er Day for each Volunteer who shall attend the Place of Exercise, and one Shilling and Fourpence per

lings per Day for

Day for each Horse, Mare, or Gelding, belonging to such Corps or Troop, and used in Exercise.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Officer having the Command of such Troop of Volunteer Cavalry shall make up an Account of all Monies received and paid by him on account of such Exercise, according to the following Form

43 Geo. III.

6 N

County

Perfc>n» duly returned exempted from Ballot for any additional Force.

Act shall not alter 42 G. 3. c. 66. and 65.

On Desire of Volunteer Cavalry to assemble for being train* ed, the Lieutenant ot' the County, See. may make an Order for that Purpose, with the Concur rence of the General of the DiArilt, &c.

Justice fhitl i flue Precept to the Constable to quarter the Non-commi ffioned Officer* and Men, as in Regular Force*.

When the Day and Place of Exercise is fijicd, rt shall be certify d to the Re-ceners Gene rat who shall jlTue P.y tO the Commanding Oificti lor the Men.

Commanding Officer thai. account tn the following

Form,

and sign and

deliver il to ihe Receiver General.

When Corps of Yeomanry in Ireland are assernhled under Arms, Mayors, See. may billet them as \a Regular Forces.

Serjeants, Trumpeters, c. of Volunteer Corps in Great Britain and Ireland, who receive Pay, shall in War-Tim# be subj«5t to the Mutiny Laws.

Courts-^Martial shall be com* posed of Volunteer Officers.

In Great Britain, in Cases of Invasion, Uc. Yeomanry and Volunteers Hull assemble and be liable to march according to their Terms of Service, and shall be subject to Mutiny Laws.

In Ireland, in Cases of Invasion, Rebellion, Sec. his Majesty or the Lord Lieutenant may order Yeomanry to assemble, and they fhl he liable to nurtch, Sec.

County of Dr.

To Cash received of the Receiver General, for of Men To Ditto for lewance for

Days* Pay

Day*' Al-Horseer

d.

per Contra

Paid V olonteer Ca fairy

Men, for their Attendance at the Place of Exercise on the Days appointed, being Days* Pay Paid Allowance for

Horses, used in Exercise for Days

Cr.

S.

4

Which Account shall be signed by the Officer having the Command of such Troop, and such Officer shall, within ten Days after the Time such Exercise is finished, deliver such Account, and pay the Balance, if there be any due, to the said Receiver General; and such Account shall be allowed as sufficient Voucher* in the passing of the Accounts of the said Receiver General by the proper Auditor of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Corps of Yeomanry in Ireland shall be asserabled under Arms by Authority of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, either in case of Rebellion, Invasion, Insurrection, or Apprehension thereof, or for the Purpose of being trained and exercised* either in separate Corps, or together with any Corps of Yeomanry, or with any Regiment, Company, or Troop of his Majesty's Regular or Militia Forces, it shall and may be lawful to and for all Mayors, Sovereigns, Bailiffs, Burgo Mailers, Seneschals, Constables, and the Chief and other Magistratea and Officers of Cities, Towns, Parishes, and Places in Ireland\ and (in their Default or Absence) for any one Justice of the Peace inhabiting within or near any such City, Town, Parish, or Place, and they and he is and are hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Trumpeters, Bugle Men, Drummers, and Private Men, serving in the said Corps of Yeomanry, during their being so asembled, or on their March, for any of the Purposes aforesaid, as by Law they may billet his Majesty's Regular Military Forces, or the Militia in Ireland*

VIII. 4 And whereas great Inconvenience hath been found to arise to the Volunteer and Yeomanry Ser-

vice in Great Britain ana Ireland during War, from there being no Authority to enforce Military Discipline

among the Serjeants, Trumpeters (or Bugle Men], and Drummers of Volunteer and Yeomanry Corps receiving Pay, or to prevent them from quitting such Corps and enlisting into his Majesty's other Forces,

without the Leave of their respective Commanders; be it therefore enacted, That such of the Serjeants serving in any Volunteer or Yeomanry Corps of Cavalry or Infantry in Great Britain or Ireland as receive the constant Pay of their Rank therein, and all Trumpeters (or Bugle Men) and Drummers serving in such Corps, and receiving any Pay therein either at a daily or weekly Kate, shall, at all Times during the Continuance of War, be subject to any Act which shall be in Force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and to the Articles of War established for the better Government of his Majesty's Forces, and shall be liable to be tried for any Crime committed against such Act or Articles of War, by a general Detachment or Regimental Court Martial, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence, in like Manner and under the like Regulations ?s Serjeants, Trumpeters, or Drummers of his Majesty's other Forces may be tried: Provided, that every such Court Martial shall be composed wholly of Officers of the Volunteer or Yeomanry Establishment; and that no Punishment awarded by such Court Martial shall extend to Life or Limb, except when such Corps are called out in Cases of Invasion or Appearance of an Enemy in Force upon the Coast.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of actual Invasion, or Appearance of an Enemy io Force upon the Coast, whenever his Majesty shall order the Lord Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants acting in any County, Stewart^, Riding, City, or Place in Great Britain, to draw out, assemble, and embody the Men enrolled under any Act of this Session of Parliament, or in which any Men so enrolled shall so assemble under any provisional Order of his Majesty, on any such Invasion or Appearance of an Enemy as aforesaid, all Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain shall forthwith assemble in their respective Districts, and shall be liable to march according to their respective Terms of Service; and the Officers and Private Men in such Corps shall, from such lime and until the Enemy shall be defeated and expelled, and all Rebellion and Infur* reftiun then existing in the Realm shall be suppressed, be subject to any Act then in Force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army ana their Quarters, and to any Articles of War maae iu pursuance thereof; and all Persons not then joining their respective Corps, and afrembling and marching therewith, shall he liable to be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, according to the Provisions of any such Act as aforesaid, and of any Articles made in pursuance thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of Invasion, Rebellion, Insurrection, or Apprehension thereof in Ireland, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to order all Corps of Yeomanry in Ireland forthwith to assemble in their respective Districts; and the said Corps shall thereupon be liable to march according to their respective Terras of Service, and the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Trumpeters, Bugle Men, Drummers, and Private Men in such Corps, shall, from such Time, and until the Enemy shall be defeated and expelled, and all Rebellion and Insurrection, or Apprehension thereof, shall cease, be subject to any Act then in Force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of toe Army and their'Quarters, and to any Articles of War made in pursuance thereof, and all Persons not then joining their respective Corps, and assembling and marching therewith, shall be liable to be apprehended and punished as Deserters, according to the Provisiona of any such Act as aforesaid, and of any Articles made in pursuance thereof.

lott

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 121.

XI. And be it further enacted, That such Corps of Volunteers and Yeomanry in Great Britain and Ireland shall, on so afferabliirg as aforesaid, march under their respective Officers, but shall be put under such General Officers as his Majesty shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, or shall be commanding in the Districts in which such Corps respectively in Great Britain and Ireland respectively shall a<5L

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Officers of Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps shall rank with the Officers of hk Majesty's Regular and Militia Forces as the youngest of their respective Ranks.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Money subscribed by or for the Use of any such Corps in Great Britain or I reland> and all Arms, Stores, Ammunition, Drams, Fifes, or Musical Instruments, or other Articles, of whatever Kind or Sort the Tame may be, belonging to any such Corps, or used by any such Corps, not being the Property of any particular Individual of such Corps, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be vetted in the Commanding Officer of the Corps,; and shall for all Purposes of Indictment, Action, or Suit, Criminal or Civil, in Law or Equity, be deemed and taken tb be the Property of the Commanding Officer of the Corps, and shall and may be laid fa to be in -any Indictment, or may be filed for and recovered as such, or may be stated to be such in any Action relating thereto; and no Inda&meBt* Suit, Action, or Pro-sedition, Audi be discontinued or abated by the Death or Removal of any such Commanding Officer, but the same may be proceeded in by the succeeding Commanding Officer, or the Commanding Officer for the Time being; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Person enrolled in any such Corps in Great Britain or Ireland shall have nqglected err refilled, on Demand made for that Purpose, to pay any Sum or Sums of Money subscribed or required by the Rules and Regulations of such Corps to be subscribed by him towards any Expences of the Corps to which he belongs, or to pay any Fines or Penalties incurred under any of the Rules or Regulations thereof, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace residing in or near to the Place where such Corps shall be, on Application made for that Purpose, and Proof thereof by any Commanding Officer or Treasurer, or two of the Committee, or Secretary of any such Corps, to cause (he fame, together with Double the Amount thereof as a Penalty or Forfeiture, to be levied by 6ittrcf« and Sale of the Defaulter's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so dittramed and fold; and the Sums so levied shall go the General Stock of such Corps, to be applied in the general Expences thereof, in like Manner as any Subscrintion or Sums of Money received by or for such Corps may be applied; or where there shall be no such Subscription or Stock of such Corps, then to such Purposes relating to Such Corps as the Commanding Officer thereof may think fit.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in Force during the Continuance of the War, and until six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace with France*

u Act may be altered, &c. this Session, §16."

SCHEDULE (A).

To A.B. his Majesty's Lieutenant for the of

MUSTER ROLL of the Persons enrolled, and serving in the of

commanded by

EFFECTIVES. EFFECTIVES. NON-EFFECTIVES.

N*. Parish. Name. When enrolled. N°. Parish. Name! When enrolled. N°. Parish. Name. When enrolled.

1 2 3 4 I 7 8 9 xo II 123 A.B. A.B. C.D. E.F. G.H. L.M. N.O. P-

IV. B. Discharged or quitted since the Date of the latt Mutter Roll,

A.B.

C.D.

&c.

Total Number in the Corps exempt from serving in the Militia or other additional Force —

D° — not exempt from serving in the Militia or other additional Force —

Total Number of Men enrolled in the Corps -

C.D. (Signed) A.B.

Adjutant or Serjeant-Major. Commanding Officer.

6N2 SCHEDULE

Volunteers so assembled shall be put under General Offiren by his Majesty. Rank of Officer*

Money subscribed lor the Use of any Corps, and the Arras, Stores, Sec. verted in the Commanding Officers.

If Persons refuse to pay Money required by the Rules of the Corps, or Penalties, owe Justice may enufe the fame, with Double the Amount, io be levied by Distress, which shall go Ij the General Stock, 3c c.

[Continuance of Act.]

1012

Duties shall be paid according to the Schedules.[See j no.3*3

The Duties In England shall be assessed under Regulations of c. 99. of this Session; in Scotland, under the Regulations of c. 150. of this Session. Powers of the said Acts shall be applied in Execution of this Act, except where otherwise provided, in the respective Pails ol Great Dri-tain.

Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act (had be annually chosen out of the Commissioners or executing Land Tax Act (33G. 3. C. 5.) at the respective General Meetings.

Manner of choosing them [*r to tiluatifica-Uon, fee §1 a — at. & §190.] for each Land Ta* Dist ift.

C. 121, 122.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

SCHEDULE (B).

J K. L. Commanding Officer of the do hereby certify, upon

my Honour, in Pursuance of an Act of Parliament, passed in the forty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, A, n A3

that I have not, to the bed of my Knowledge and Belief, inserted or caused to be inserted in the above Muster Roll, as an effective Man, the Name of any Person who has not duly attended properly armed and equipped at the Muster and Exercise of the said Corps as required by this Act, or been prevented by actual Sickness, certified to me by a medical Practitioner/and who' is not an effective Man,

(Signed) K. L. Commanding Officer.

Dated the

CAP. CXXII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty, until the sixth Day of May next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices. [11th August 1803.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the Supplies necessary to defray the*Publick Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several new and additional Duties herein after mentioned : 9 And do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, during the Term herein mentioned*, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout Great Britain, the several Duties and Contributions in the Schedules contained in this Act, marked (A.) (B.) (C.) (D.) and (E).

II. And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby granted, arising in England\ Wales, and Berwick* upon-Tweed, shall be assessed, raised, levied, and colle&ftd under the Regulations of aoy Act to be passed in the present Session of Parliament, for consolidattng certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners far the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the same; and the Duties hereby granted, arising in Scotland, shall be assessed, raised, levied, and collected under the Regulations of any Act, to be passed in the present Session of Parliament, for consolidattng certain of the Provisions 'contained in any A3 or A3s relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for tly Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Acts, so far as relate to Scotland; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in such Acts, except where other Provisions are made in this Act, shall be severally and respectively duly observed, practised, and put in Execution throughout the respective Parts of Great Britain as aforesaid, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and respectively applied to such Parts of Great Britain as aforesaid; and all and every the Regulations of such Acts, except as aforesaid, shall be applied, construed, deemed, and taken to refer to this Act, in like Manner as if the same had been enacted therein, and shall severally and respectively commence and take Effect for the Purposes of this Act, from and after the passing thereof: And the said several Duties so levied shall be under the Direction and Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes for the Time being, appointed or to be appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

III. 4 And whereas it is expedient to appoint Commissioners for the general Purposes of this Act from and amongst the Persons appointed Commissioners for the Execution of an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to act in the Exc- cution of this Act, so far as relates to the Powers hereby vested in such Commissioners be it further enacted, That the several Persons appointed or to be appointed to be Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Land Tax Act, in the respective Parts of Great Britain therein mentioned, being respectively qualified to adk as Commissioners in the Execution of the said Act, shall, as soon after the passing of this Adx as conveniently can be done, meet at such Place within each County, Shire, or Stewartry, and within each Riding oi Tori, and Division of Lincoln, and within each City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town, and Place, for which they a»e respectively appointed Commissioners of the said Land Tax Act, as shall have been the usual and common Place of holding the General Meetings of Commissioners under the said Land Tax Act; or if such General Meeting shall not have been usually held in any such County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town, or Place, then at the usual Place where the Quarter Sessions shall be usually heldthaein in the Week after the Close of Easter or next after Easter in every Year; which Meeting for the firflTime after the passing of this Act, shall be within seven Days after the passing thereof, or as soon after as conveniently may be done; and for any subsequent Year for the like Purpose, such Meeting shall be held between the first Day of March and the fifth Day of April yearly; and at each such General Meeting the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present, shall choose and set down in Writing the Names of such of the Commissioners appointed as aforesaid, who shall respectively be qualified as herein after is required, and who shall be fit and proper to act in the several Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, or Wards, within the said Counties, Ridings, or Shires, Stewartries, or Divisions, or in the several Parishes or Ward* of the said Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places within the same; observing always, in forming such Districts, the fame

1 Limits

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III.

Limits which shall have heretofore been settled, and now used for the Districts under the said Land Tax Adit; and the Names of such Persons who shall be so chosen shall be set down in the Order in which the major Part of the Commissioners then present shall judge fit they should respectively be appointed Commissioners in their respective Districts; and any seven, or any leis Number than seven not being in any Case less than three, of the Persons so set down, and in the Order m which they shall be so set down in such Lift, shall be Commissioners for the general Purposes of this Act, and they are hereby required to take upon themselves the Execution of this Act as aforesaid as Commissioners, for the Term of one Year's Assessment of the said Duties and until Commissioners shall in like Manner be appointed for the subsequent Year; and any seven, or any less Number than seven not being in any Case left than three, of the Persons so set down next in Order to the Lift of Names before mentioned, shall be Commissioners to supply Vacancies as the same may arise, in the Manner herein after mentioned: Provided always, that if the Commissioners, appointed as herein is first mentioned, shall not find amongst themselves and set down the Names of seven Persons to act, and seven others to supply Vacancies for each District, within such County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, City, Liberty, or Place, it shall be lawful for them to appoint any Person or Persons residing within such District, who shall respectively be qualified as herein after is required, and who in their Judgement shall be fit and proper Persons to be Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, until the Number of seven in each such Lift shall be completed, although such Persons shall not have been appointed to act as Commissioners in the Execution of the said Land Tax Act: Provided also, that if at such Meeting the Commissioners shall not find and set down fourteen Persons of the Descriptions before mentioned to act as Commissioners, and to supply Vacancies in each such District, it shall be lawful for them to select such Number of Persons as shall be requisite from the Persons acting in or for any adjoining or neighbouring District of the same County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, City, Town, or Place, in order that there shall be no Failure in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid; and the Names of such respective Persons who shall have been so chosen as aforesaid shall be transmitted to the Tax Office in the Order in which they shall have been set down in such Lifts: Provided always, that where seven Persons, qualified as herein after is required, shall be chosen to act as Commissioners for any District as aforesaid, no other Person shall interfere as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, so long as such seven Persons shall continue to act, except in the Districts herein after mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if in any County, Riding, or Division, or any City, Town, or Place, any Default shall happen in holding such General Meeting for the Space of fourteen Days, for the first Year after the passing of this Act; or if for any subsequent Year, no such General Meeting shall be held on or before the fifth Day of dpril in such Year; then and in every such Case the Commissioners for executing the said Land Tax Act in their several Districts shall, at the first Meeting to be held by them after the passing of this Act, or at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, as soon as conveniently may be, and which shall not be later than ten Days after the Expiration of such fourteen Days, appoint and set down in Writing, and make a Return, in like Manner, of the like Number of Persons before described, to be Commissioners for their respective Districts for the general Purposes of this Act, and also to supply Vacancies as aforesaid; and they are hereby empowered at such Meetings to do all Acts whatever relating to their respective Districts, which the Commissioners at such General Meetings might have done by virtue of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That when any one or more of the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act shall die, or decline to act, or having begun to act shall decline to act any further therein, then and in every such Case the Person or Persons first in Order on the Lift to supply Vacancies shall be appointed the Commissioner or Commissioners in the Place of the Commissioner or Commissioners so refilling or declining to act, or dying, provided the Person so to be appointed shall have been chosen to supply such Vacancy in the same Manner as the Person so refufmgor declining to act, or dying; and the several Persons aforesaid shall respectively, as often as Occasion shall require, select and add new Names to the Persons before chosen to supply Vacancies, and shall place such new Names in such Order on the Lift as they shall think proper, who shall respectively, in such Order, be a Commissioner or Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, as and when any such. Vacancy shall happen.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That with?; and for each of the Cities and Towns herein after mentioned, (videlicet, ) London, Brijlel, Exeter, HulU NczvcaJllc-upon-Tyne, Norwich^ Birmingham*, IA-vcrpool, Leeds, Manchester, King's Lynn, and Great Yarmouth, it shall be lawful for tbs Persons herein after mentioned to choose eight Persons to be Commissioners, and eight Persons to supply their Vacancies, to act together with the Persons to be chosen as before directed; eight of whom shall be chosen to-aft as Commissioners, and eight others to supply Vacancies as herein directed, in each such City and Town; and that in and for the City of London, two Commissioners, and two to supply their Vacancies, shall be named by the Mayor, and Aldermen of London, out of eight Persons, four ot whom shall be Aldermen, to be returned to them by the Common Council; two other Commissioners, and two to supply their Vacancies, by the Governors and Directors of the Bank of England; one other Commissioner, and one other to supply his Vacancy, by each of the Companies herein after mentioned, (videlicet, ) the Directors of the United Company of Merchants of Eng-Awr/trading to the East Indies, the Governor and Directors of the South Sea Company, the Governor and Directors of the Royal Exchange Insurance Company, and the Governor and Directors of the London Insurance Company; And that it shall and may be lawful for the Magistrates and Justices of the Peace acting in and for the City of Norwich to choose eight Persons to be ComnPulfioners, and .eight Persons to supply their Vacancies, not more than four of the said eight Commissioners, and not more than four of the said eight Persons to supply their Vacancies, to be chosen from out of the said Magistrates and Justices, and the remaining four Commissioners and four Person* to supply their Vacancies# to be chosen from the Inhabitants of the said CityAnd in and for each of the other Cities and Towns before mentioned, it shall be lawful for the Magistrates and Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said City or Town, or the County, Riding, Division, Shire, or

Stewartry,

1013

Their Names shall he fei down in the Order ihey are 10 ftrve.

Not more than seven, nor less than three, for each Dilhich

Manner of choosing Persons for supplying Vacancies.

In Default of Land Tax Commissioners, Persons possessing Qualifications may be chosen [/«*«]. or in adjoining Districts.

Names of Commissioners shall be returned to 1 Tax Office.

No others shall interfere. r/*//ee§6, 7.] In Default of holding a General Meeting, : ke Commissioners may be chosen at District Meetings.

How Vacancies shall be supplied.

For London and certain Places other Commissioners may be chosen in Addition to Commissioners before chosen.

By whom to be chosen for London.

\Andfee §7.]

For Nonrich.

For certain other Cities and Towns*

ioi4

West India and London Dock Companies m*y

ehoofetwo Com-ih Winners u> act for London.

In Default of sufficient Comm Winners, Commissioners qualified for the County may be chosen for Cities. Person* duly qualified may be chosen Cont-jniifioners, although not named in Land Tax A<fi.

On Neglect of choosing such Commissioners, Comm Winners of Land Tax shall execute this Act, on Notice from any Inspector, &c. authorized by the Tax Office.

Tax Office may give such Notice.

Commissioners

may appoint a derk, and* Afliltam.

Qualification of Commissioners for executtpg sids Act in G>unties inEng-hmd, except Monmouth and Wales.

[See §13. A'«0

C.t$2. 43 GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Stewartry, where the saidC}ty or Town is situate, to schbofe eight PerTotls to be Commissioners, and eight Persons to supply their Vacancies, as herein is mentioned and the Persons so chosen by the Commissioners appointed as fcroresaid, together with the other Persons rApcAively chosen as herein is particularly directed, shall he Commissioners for the Fnrposes of this Act, and to Ripply their Vacancies as the same may arise, within and for the several Districts in which f\ich Cities and Towns mpeAively shall be Atusfte, or which ttiail be Formed by such Cities and Towns respectively, and for such Othfer Places which have usually been assessed mthe same District with such Cities and ToWtis respectively towards the Aid by a LaVid Tax, for the Period of OneYeat as aforesaid; and the Names of all Persons so chosen as last aforesaid shall be returned to the Commissionnrrs for the Affairs of Taxes.

VII. Provided also, and be it farther ertacted, TYiat for the City of London, one Person shall and may he chosen to aA as a Commissioner therein, and one other to supphr his Vacancy, by each of the Companies herein after mentioned, (videlicet, ) the DiteAors for ConduAing ana managing the Affairs and Business of the Wtjl India Dock Company, and Lotidbn Dock 'Company refncAively, for the Time being; and the Perform to chosen as last aforesaid shall he added to the Other Commissioners chosen for the said City, and shall, Together with such other Commissioners, he Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and to fopply their Vacancies as the same may arise, within and for the said City, for the Period of one Year as aforesaid, and their Names flott be retained in like Manner.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in Case there shall not be a fuf&ciCnt Number of Commissioners chosen for the Purposes of this Act, or to fubply Vacancies, capable of acting according to the Qualification required by this Act, for any City, Borough, Town, or Place, then and in every such Case, any Person qualified to aA for the County at large, or Riding, Shire, or Stewartry, In which, or adjoining which, such City, Borough, Town, Or Place shall be fftuate, may be choftn to aA as a Commissioner for tte Purposes of this Act, for such City, Borough, Town, or Race.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person residing in any County. Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, City, Town, or Place, and qualified as hertin-after mentioned, who shall be wmingto aA as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, in arty District where a Commissioner or Commissioners shall be wanting, may be chosen in Manner aforesaid to be such Cotilmissioner, although such Person shall Jiot have been appointed to aA in the Execution of the said Land Ta* AA 5 any Thing before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That if in any District there shall be a Neglect in appointing Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act as hereby is dire Add, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners appointed to execute the said Land Tax AA, being respectively qualified as directed by this A A, and they and every of them, on Notice of such Neglect and Want of Appointment by any Inspector or Surveyor of the said Duties, duly authorized to give such Notice by Writing under the Hands of three or more of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, shall, and they are hereby ftriAly enjoined and required to take upon themselves the Execution of this Act, for the Year in which such Neglect and Want of Appointment shall happen, and to do and execute all Matters and Things which Commissioners chosen in pursuance of this Act are hereby required and empowered to do; and if in any DillriA there shall be a Want of such last mentioned Commissioners, the Commissioners of any adjoining District in the same County, Riding, or Division, Shire, or Stewartry, being respectively qualified as directed by this Act, shall, on like Notice as aforesaid, execute this Act as such Commissioners by themselves, or in Concurrence with the Commissioners of the District where this Act shall require to be executed: Provided always, that where Commissioners shall not be appointed at a General Meeting and returned to the Tax Office as aforesaid within the Period of twenty-one Days after the passing of this Act; and in case of such Default, where Commissioners shall not be appointed in each District and returned to the Tax Office as aforesaid within the Period of twenty-one Days after Notice of such Default to any two or more of the Commissioners of such District; then and in each such Case respectively, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes to cause such Notices as aforesaid to be given to two or more of the Persons, on whom respectively the Right of appointing Commissioners, or of executing this Act, shall devolve, in pursuance of the Directions of this Act before mentioned.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners, to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act in Manner aforesaid, shall and may appoint a Clerk, and Assistant if necessary, for the Duties to be assessed by them in each District, who shall execute their Office according to the Regulations of this A A, and the AAs herein mentioned respectively,

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Person to be appointed as aforesaid shall be capable of aAing as a Commissioner in Execution of this A A, for any County at large within England (the County of Monmouth and the Dominion of Wales excepted), or in or for any of the Ridings of the County of York, or the County or Divisions of Lincoln, or in or for the Cities of London or Westminster, unless such Person be seised or possessed of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in Great Britain, of the Value of two hundred Poupds/tr Annum, or more, of his own Estate, being Freehold, of, or Leaseholdfor a Ttrm whereof not less tnau seven Years are unexpired, over and above all Ground Rents, Incumbrances, and Reservations, payable out of the same respectively; or unless such Person shall be possessed of Personal Estate of the Value of five thousand Pounds; or of Personal Estate, or an Interest therein, producing an annual Income of two hundred Pounds; or of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and Personal Estate, or an Interest therein, being together of the annual Value of two hundred Pounds; estimating in every such Case one hundred Pounds Personal Estate as equivalent to-four Pounds per Annum, and an Interest from Personal Eftat-e of four Pounds Orr Annum as equivalent to one hundred Pounds Personal Estate; or unless such Person be the eldest Son of fume Person, who shall be seised or possessed of a like Estate of thrice the Value or more as is above required as the Qualification of a Commissioner in Right of his own Estate for such County at large. Riding, or Division.

A.D. 1803. 430 GEORGII II1< C.

XIII. A*d bt it further twfted, Ttrtt no Ptrfou shall be c^ppbfe efaAlag as such C^niffie^er^s hft aforesaid* for the County of Monmouth, or for aoy County in Watts, or for any other City, Town, or Place* being a County of itfolf, or for the Liberty or Franchise of Ely, or for any Cinque Port, unless such Person be seised or possessed of an Estate of the Hke Nature* and of three Fifth* of the Value as is herein required for the Estate of a Commissioner nAingfor any County at large in England as aforesaid 5 nor for any other City* Borough* Cinque Port, Liberty, Town, or Place, not being a County of itfcifj oov for any of the Inns of Court and Inns of Chancery, or Liberty of the Rolls, unless mch Person be seised or possessed of an Estate of the like Nature* and of one Half of the Value as ia herein required for the Estate of a Commissioner aAing for any County at large in England; or unless such Person be the eldest Son of some Person, who shall be leifed or possessed of some Estate of thrice the Value or more, as is above required as the Qualification of a Commis-boner in Right of his own Estate for the same County, City, Borough* Cinque Port, Liberty, Inn of Court or Chancery, Town, or Place.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person, tube appointed as aforesaid shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in Execution of this Act, for any Shire or Stewartry in Scotland, who is not enfeoft in Superiority or Property* or possessed as Proprietor or Life Renter of Lands in Scotland, to the Extent of one hundred and fifty Pounds Stott per dnnum valued Rent; or unless such Person shall be possessed of Personal Estate of the Value of three thousand Pounds* or of Personsl Estate or an Interest therein producing an annual Income of one hundred and twenty Pounds Sterling* or be enfeoft or possessed as aforesaid of Lands and Personal Estate* or an In tax ft therein, being together of the annual Value of one hundred and twenty Pounds Sterling, estimating in every such Case one hundred Pounds Personal Estate aa equivalent to four Pounds per Annum, and an Interest from Personal Estate of four Pounds per Annum as equivalent to one hundred Pounds Personal Estate j or unless he shall be the eldest Son of some Person who shall be enfeoft or possessed of a like Estate of twice the Value or more, as is required as the Qualification of a Commissioner in Right of his own Estate* for such Shire* or Stewartry.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of aAing as such Commissioner as last aforesaid, for any City or Borough in Scotland, unless such Person be enfeoft or possessed of an Estate of the like Nature* and of three Fifths of the Value herein required for the Estate of a Commissioner aAing for any Shire or Stewartry in Scotland; or unless such Person be the elded Son of some Person enfeoft or possessed of some Estate of thrice the Value, or more, as is above required as the Qualification of a Commissioner in Right of hk own Estate, for the same City or Borough.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to require any Qualification of a Commissioner for the Purposes of this A A, in the District of the Palaces of Whitehall and Saint James Westminster, for any Officer who shall have heretofore acted or may hereafter act as a Commissioner for putting in Execution the said Land Tax Act in the said District, other than the Possession of their respective Offices; nor in any Shire or Stewartry in Scotland, for any Provost* Baillie, Dean of Guild, Treasurer, Master of the Merchants' Company* or Deacon Convener of the Trades for the Time being, of any Royal Borough in Scotland, nor any Baillie for the Time being of any Borough of Regality* or Barony in Scotland$ nor the Favors for the Time being, on the several forfeited Estates annexed to the Crown, by an Act paled in the twenty^fifth Year of his Cate Majesty King George the Second, who shall be respectively appointed Commissioner for executing the said Land Tax Acts in any Shire or Stewartry in Scotland.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no more than one Moiety of any Estate confiding of Lands or Tenements as the Qualification of a Commissioner shall be required to be situate in the County, Riding, Division, Shire, or Stewartry, for which such Person shall be a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act: Provided also, that the Proof of such Qualification shall lie on the Person acting in the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as is directed in any Act herein mentioned, with respect to Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said Land Tax AA.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall be deemed by the Commissioners for the Purposes of thin AA to be expedient that certain of the Powers herein contained should be executed by additional Commissioners, such additional Commissioners shall be chosen by the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act acting in the same District, for which Purpose the Commissioners for the Purposes of this A A being appointed as aforesaid, and having taken the Oaths, or being of the People called Quakers the solemn Affirmation, required by this Act$, and being duly qualified as required by this Act shall, with their Consent or the Consent of the major Part of them, assembled at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose, as (bon after the passing of this A A as conveniently can be done, set down in, Writing, Lists of the Names 01 such Persons residing within their respective Distri6l8, aa shall in the Opinion of such Commissioners be fit and proper Persons to aA as such additional Commissioners; which Lifts shall contain the Names of so many of those Persons as the said Commissioners shall in their Discretion* after taking into Consideration the Size of each District, and the Number of Persons to be assessed therein, think requisite for the due Execution of this Act, and the Names of such additional Commissioners shall be set down in the Order in which they shall be appointed to aA; which Lifts being respectively signed by any two qr more of such CommissionerB shall be a fufneient Authority for such additional Comraiffiouers, being respectively qua*? fcfied as herein after is mentioned, and they are hereby authorised to take upon themselves the Execution of this Act according to the Provisions thereof.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of aAing as such additional Commissioner, who shall not be seised or enfeoft, or possessed of an Estate of the like Nature, and of Half the Value* ns is herein required for the Estate of a Comtraffioner for the Purposes of this Act, in the feme District* and who respectively are hereby authorized to name and appoint such additional Commissioners.

XX. Provided also, That where no additional Commissioners shall be named and appointed in any District* then and in such Case the Commissioners appointed for the Purposes of this Act shall execute the feme in such District, in all Matters and Things* authorized to be done by additional Commissioners by this Act.

Z9t$

Qualification of

Commissioners for Moil mouth* Wales, Liberty of Ely, Cinque Ports and Cities* &cc. being Counties.

Other Cities,

See.

Qualifications of Commissioners for Counties in Scotland.

Qualification of Commissioner for Cities and Boroughs in Scotland.

Protrifo for certain Officers particularly authorized or named.

[*5 G.». c-4J.)

Moiety of the Qualification in Lands may Le, in the County.

Proof of Qualification.

Mode of choof* ing additional Commissioner*

Sched. F. j

[* § «9-J

Qualification of additional Commissioner*.

Commissioner* may act at' additional Com. ndffioMrs*

IOl6 C. 12 2.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

For the Supply of Commissioners in Cities,

Scc. not having Persons qualified.

Commissioners shall act from the 5th Day of April yearly, as well foi Arrears as Duties.

Commissioners shall proceed to execute this Act from the Parting.

Two Commis-(tuners may aft.

Times limited by recited Acts need not be pursued in making the first Assess*-ment under this Act.

Choice of additional Coramil-sioners, and Notice ro them;

who (h ill be sworn.

[$c<? §

Sehed. F.J

Clerk to Com-

mirtioners shall attend such additional Commissioners.

AdditionalCm-tnitfioners may Le divided into Committees.

Kumherof additional Commi ffi#ne»s in each District 01 Committee (halt not exceed (even, nor be less than three.

A greater Number of Commissioners for the Purposes of the Act may be choffin in Head of additional Cora million erf.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if in any City, Liberty, Franchise, Cinque Port, Town, or Place, for which separate Commissioners have been appointed to ad in Execution of the said Land Tax Act, there shall not be found a sufficient Number of Persons qualified a6 directed by this A d, to act as Commissioners for general Purposes, or as additional Commissioners, then and in such Case it shall be lawful to appoint as such Commissioners or additional Commissioners any Persons residing in such City, Liberty, Franchise, Cinque Port, Town or Place, who shall be liable to be assessed under this Act for annual Profits however arising, to the Amount of two hundred Pounds or upwards.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in every subsequent Year, whenever a new Appointment of Commissioners shall take place, they shall execute this Act from the fifth Day of April in the Year for which they shall be appointed, as well with respect to Arrears of Duties assessed in any former Year, as to the Assessments to be made in such Year for which they shall be appointed, and shall have the like Powers to levy and collect such Arrears as they have to assess, levy, and collect the Duties assessed by them; for all which Acts such Appointments shall be a sufficient Authority, subject to the Regulations of this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act in Manner aforesaid, shall proceed to carry the Regulations of this Act into Execution with Application to the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts respectively, which they are hereby empowered to execute, as soon after the passing of this Act as can conveniently be done; which Powers and Provisions in the said recited Acts respectively, with respect to such Commissioners, shall be construed to commence and take Effect from and after the passing of this Act; and all Acts, Matters, and Things, which may be done by any Commissioners herein named, shall and may be done by any two or more of the Commissioners appointed for the Purposes of this Act, or by the major Part of such Commissioners, where more than two shall be present; and in appointing Assessors and Collectors, they or any two of them shall pursue the Regulations contained in the said recited Acts respectively; provided, that for the first Assessment to be made by them respectively, they shall issue their Precepts as toon after the passing of this Act as can conveniently be done, and shall fix such Time for bringing in the Certificates of Assessment, and appoint Collectors, as they shall judge expedient and necessary, notwithstanding the Times limited by the said recited Acts for such Purposes; and the said A ffeffors and Collectors by them to be appointed shall, and they are hereby empowered, from the Time of their respective Appointments, to do and execute, in all Matters and Things relative to the said Duties, what the Assessors and Collectors may lawfully execute by virtue of the said recited Acts, in relation to any other Duties therein mentioned.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, at their first Meeting to be held under this Act, and which they are hereby required to hold as soon after the passing of this Act as they conveniently can, are hereby empowered to name such additional Commissioners, who, being so named, shall be additional Commissioners in the Execution of this Act; and the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act having named such additional Commissioners, shall cause Notice thereof in Writing, signed by two or more of them, to be delivered by the Assessors of the respective Parishes or Places where such additional Commissioners reside, with the Day of the first Meeting of the said additional Commissioners, and the Place of such Meeting, to be appointed by such Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and which shall not be later than ten Days after the Date of such Notice; and the said respective Assessors shall, without Delay, cause the respective Persons so named to be summoned by Notice in Writing, either given personally or left at their respective Places of Abode, to assemble at the Time and Place mentioned in such Notice, for the Purpose of qualifying themselves to ad in the Execution of the Powers vested in them by this Act; and the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, or any two or more of them, shall administer the Oath or Affirmation to such additional Commissioners required by this Act to be taken by them, and shall then and there appoint a Day for the said additional Commissioners to bring in their Certificates of Assessment in the Manner herein directed, and which Day shall not be later than twenty-one Days after such second Meeting, at which second Meeting they shall also appoint Assessors, according to the Regulations of the said recited Acts respectively; and the Clerk to such Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, in each District, shall also be appointed Clerk to such additional Commissioners appointed for the same District, and shall attend the said additional Commissioners at their Meetings as their Clerk.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, whenever in their Judgment the same shall be requisite, to divide such additional Commissioners into distinct Committees, and to allot to each Committee distinct Parishes, Wards, or Places, in which such Committees shall separatelyad in the Execution of this Act 5 provided that the Meetings of such Committees shall be appointed at such Times as that the Clerk to such Commissioners may attend every Meeting.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for more than seven Persons to ad together as additional Commissioners for the same District, not being formed into several Divisions as aforesaid, nor any greater Number to ad together in the same Committee; and that where more than seven Persons shall attend as such additional Commissioners at any Meeting, either for the Whole of any District or for any Division thereof, the seven Persons first in their Order on the Lift, signed by the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act then present, shall act, and the rest shall withdraw from such Meeting: Provided also, that not less than th>ee additional Commissioners shall be competent to form any Meeting either for any District or Division. thereof; and that any two of them, or the major Part of them then present, shall be competent to do any Ad authorized by this Act.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further goaded, That if it shall appear to the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, whether they shall have been chosen as aforesaid, or shall act by virtue of their Appointment of Commissioners for executing the said Land Tax Ad, to be expedient that a greater Number than seven Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, possessing the Qualification required for Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, should be appointed for any District, instead of appointing Commissioners possessing

only

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 122.

only the Qualification required for additional Comrtiilfiort^rs as before mentioned, it shall be lawful for them to appoint such greater Number, not in any Case exceeding the Number of seven, observing with regard to such Appointments the same Rules as in the Appointment of Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, but never-thcless without adding thereto any Persons to supply their Vacancies; and in every Case of appointing such increased Number of Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners at their first Meeting after such Appointment, and they are hereby required, to choose indifferently by Lot fveh Number of their own Body, not less than three or more than seven, to execute the Office vested in additional Commissioners by this Act, and the Persons so chosen shall be additional Commissioners for executing this Act, and the Powers hereby vested in additional Commissioners for the Year of their Appointment, and they are hereby required to execute this Act accordingly, and the remaining Commissioners not so chosen by Lot shall execute the Powers vested in the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act for the like Period; provided, that where no such additional Commissioners shall have been appointed specially to execute the Powers vested in additional Commissioners, nor any greater Number than seven Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act shall be appointed as aforesaid, or be found to act m any District, the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, whether chosen as af'oresaid or not, shall divide themselves in such Manner that two Commissioners at the least shall be appointed to execute the Powers vested in additional Commissioners by this Act; and if in such Case there shall not be two remaining Persons at least, qualified to act as Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act in such District, then and in such Case the Persons qualified to act in the Execution of this Act as Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, in any adjoining District of the same County, Riding, Division, Shire, or Stetyar-try, or such Number of them as shall be requisite, shall execute this Act, and the Powers hereby vested in Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, in and for such first-mentioned District.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act may appoint Assessors and Collectors for such of the Duties by this Act granted as shall be assessed by the said Commissioners respectively, in like Manner as Assessors and Collectors may be appointed under the recited Acts i£-spectively; and where they shall appoint the same Persons to be Assessors and Collectors of the said Duties as shall have been appointed to execute the said recited Acts respectively, they shall cause. Notice to be given to them that they are also appointed Assessors or Collectors of the said Duties to be assessed by such Commissioners respectively.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Inspectors and Surveyors, appointed or to be appointed &>r the Duties on Houses and Windows and other Taxes charged by Afloflir.ent, .shall be Inspectors and Surveyors of the Duties granted by this Act; and the said respective Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, or ^ny two or more of them, and the said respective additionalComraifiioners acting in the Execution of this Act, or any two or more of them, and the said Assessors and Collectors to be appointed as herein mentioned, and the said Inspectors and Surveyors shall, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all Things ik-ceflary for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the Duty hereby granted, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner as any Commissioners, Assessors, Collectors, Surveyors, or Inspectors, or any of them, are or is authorized to put in Execution the said recited Acts respectively, or any Matters or Things therein contained, as well with respect to all Acts, Matters, and Things, to be done by, under, or before the said respective additional Commissioners, as by, under, or before the respective Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, in their respective Districts.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every Person appointed or to be appointed a Commissioner or additional Commission.cr, or an Assessor, Collector, Inspector, or Surveyor, in the Execution of this Act, and every Person to be appointed a Clerk or Clerk's Assistant to the said respective Commissioners, before he shall begin to act therein, so far as the same relates to the Duties contained in Schedule (D-) or to such other Duties as are directed to be charged under the same Provisions and Regulations, shall take the Oath and Oaths, or being of the People called Quakers, the solemn Affirmation or Affirmations prescribed by this Act, and contained in the Schedule marked JjF.) hereunto annexed, applicable to such Officers respectively; which Oath and Oaths, or Affirmation or Affirmations, any one of the Persons appointed a Commissioner, either for the Purposes of this Act, or an additional Commissioner, is hereby authorized to administer (except that every such Oath or Affirmation so to be administered to any Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act, or to an additional Commissioner, shall be administered by a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act, and not otherwise), and which Oath or Affirmation so taken shall be subscribed by the Party taking the fame; and if any Person shall act a? a Coranviflioner, except in administering the Oath or Oaths, or Affirmation or Affirmations herein mentioned, or as a Clerk or Clerk's Assistant, or an Assessor, Collector, Inspector, or Surveyor, before he shall have taken the Oath or Oaths, or Affirmation or Affirmations herein required to be taken by such Officers respectively, be shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered by the said recited Acts respectively; provided that the Appointment of a Clerk, and any Assistant or Assistants to such Clerk, whenever the same shall be necessary, shall be vested in the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act; and such Clerks and Assistants shall act as such, as well in all Mattel's and Things to be done by, under, and before the respective Commissioners, for the Purposes of this Act, as by, under, and before the respective additional Commissioners in the respective Districts; . provided that no* more than ope Clerk Assistant shall be appointed for any District without the Approbation of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, on a Statement made to them by the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, stating the Neceflfty thereof, in Consideration of the Extent or Population of the District.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the several Schedules, marked (A.) and (B. % and the several jRules therein contained, shall be deemed andconlltued to be a Part of this Act, as if the same had been uifertfd herein under a special Enactment.*>

1

IOI7

Part of them shall execute the Office of additional Commissioners.

Or Commissioner's may divide themselves, -fer that two may act as additional Commissiontrs;

attd their Number may be Tup-pi it d from any adjoining District.

Commissioner^ may appoint*1

AfltiThi* an<C

Collector?.'

Inspectors ui

SuiHcyors oft*

Houses and Windows Hull aft in the Execution of this Act.

Commissioners, Assessors, &c. shall take the respective Oaths ill Schedule(l\)

03.)

Penalty on acting without taking Oath, tool.

Clerk and Af-. fiflaeufeaj.b^t under C01019]/-iuners, .&c.f.,

tfnfy one Affiant in aDiftilft, except by Content of Tax Office.

Schedules (A.) and (B.) deemed Part of the Act.

43 Geo. III.

ioi8 C. 122

Schedule (A.)

Duty in respect of the Property, in Lands, Tenements, &cc. is. in the Pound on the annual Value,

except where chargeable under Schedule (D.) §84-

Annual Value defined.

Said Duties shall he charged and payable by Occupier. Occupier may recover from the Landlord ac-coiding-to the Rate, by deducing the Duty out of the Rent.

Landlords, See. may in like Manner recover from others having Intered.

How the Value of Fines shall be estimated, and charged on the Lcflor.

43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

SCHEDULE (A).

For all Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, there shall be charged throughout Great Brhain % in respect of the Property thereof, for every twenty Shillings of the annual Value thereof the Sum of one Shilling; and the said Duty shall be construed to extend to all Manors and Messuages, to all Quarries of Stone, S&te, Limestone, or Chalk, Mines of Coal, Tin, Lead, Copper, Mundic, Iron, and other Mines; to aH Iron Mills, Furnaces, and other Iron Works, and other Mills and Engines of the like Nature; to all Salt Springs and Salt Works; to all Alum Mines and Alum Works; to all Parks, Chaces, Warrens, Forests, Underwoods, and Coppices; to all Water Works, Streams of Water, Canals, Inland Navigations, Docks, and Firtiings; to all Tythes, Rents, and Compositions for Tythes, Corn Rents, and other Payments in lieu of Tythes; to all Rights of Markets and Fairs; to all Ways, Bridges, and Ferries, and all other Profit* arising out of Lands or Tenements, and all Hereditaments or Heritages throughout Great Britain, of what Nature or Kind soever they be, belonging to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, Guilds, Fraternities, Companies, or Societies, whether Corporate, or not Corporate, except in Cases where other Duties are charged thereon, as contained in Schedule (D.)

No. I. General Rule.

The annual Value of Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, shall be understood to be the Rent by the Year at which the same are let at Rack Rent, if such Letting shall have commenced within the Period of seven Years before the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three, or within the Period of seven Years preceding the Time of making the Assessment, otherwise at the Rent which the same are worth to be let by the Year.

No. II. Rules for charging the said Duties.

First. — The said Duties shall be charged annually on, and paid by the Occupier or Occupiers for the Time being of such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages.

Second. — The Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, being re* speAively Tenants of the same, and paying the said Duties, shall deduct so much thereof as a Rate of one Shilling for every twenty Shillings of the Rent payable to the Landlord or Landlords for the Time being would, by a just Proportion, amount unto, which Sums shall be deductedout of the first Payments thereafter to be made on account of Rent; and all Landlords, both mediate and immediate, their resptAive Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, according to their respective Interests, shall allow such Deductions and Payments upon Receipt of the Residue of the Rents, and the Tenants paying the said Assessments shall be acquitted and discharged of so much Money, as if the same had actually been paid unto the Person or Persons to whom his or their Rent shall have been due and payable: Provided, that in Cases falling within the sixth and seventh following Rules respectively, the said Deductions at the Rate aforesaid shall be made on the Amount of the Rent so paid, after deducting the Sums, or either of them, allowed to be deducted by the said several Rules, and also after deducting the Sums allowed for Repairs, and for other Deductions authorized to be made in the Cases mentioned in No. III. of this Schedule.

Third. — Where any such Dwelling Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are subject or liable to the Payment of any Rent Charge, Annuity, Fee Farm Rent, Rent Service, Quit Rent, Feu- Duty, Teind Duty, or other Rent or annual Payment thereupon reserved or charged, the Landlords, Owners, or Proprietors, by whom any Deductions or Payments shall have been allowed as aforesaid, and the Landlords, Owners, and Proprietors, being respectively Occupiers, and charged to the said Duties, shall abate and deduct, and detain and keep in their Hands, out of every such Rent Charge, Annuity, Fee Farm Rent, Rent Service, Quit Rent, Feu Duty, Teind Duty, or other Rent or annual Payment aforesaid, so much of the said Duties or Payments on account of the same as a like Rate of one Shilling for every twenty Shillings on such Rent Charge, Annuity, Fee Farm Rent, Rent Service, Quit Kent, Feu Duty, or any Rent or Composition for Tythes, Corn Rent, or other Payment in lieu of Tythes, or any Teind Duty, or other Rent or annual Payment aforesaid respectively, not being less than twenty Shillings per Annum, shall by a just Proportion amount unto; and all and every Person and Persons who are or shall be anyways entitled unto such Rents, Duties, or annual Payments, their Receivers, Deputies, or Agents, are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments, according to such Rates, upon the Receipt of the Retidue of such. Monies as shall be due and payable to them for such Rents, Duties, or annual Payments, without any Fee or Charge for such Allowance; and the Landlord, Owner, Proprietor, and Occupier respectively, being.charged 2s aforesaid, pr having allowed such Deductions or Payments, shall be acquitted and discharged of so much Money as the Deductions or Payments shall amount unto, as if the same had actually been paid unto such Person or Persont to whom such Rent Charge, Annuity, Fee Farm Rent, Rent Service, Quit Rent, Feu Duty, Teind Duty, or other Rent or annual Payment aforesaid, shall have been due and payable.

Fourth. — Where any Demise of Lands or Tenements is or shall be made in Consideration of a Fine, with or without a Rent reserved, there shall be annually charged on the Lessor or Lessors in such Demise the like Duty as aforesaid, on an Estimate of the Profits and Gains arising from such Fine, upon a fair and just Average of one Year, computed on the annual Value of such Fine or Fines, as herein after is directed; and every such Assessment shall be made on the Amount of the Fine or Fines which shall have been received by such Lessor or Lessors on the last Lease, whether for a new Term granted, or for the Renewal or Prolongation of a Term before existing; and a separate Estimate shall be made on such Fine so received upon each existing Lease of the Lands and Tenements of such Lessor or Lessors, under such Tenure; and if on any such Demise, m Lease shall have been or shall be granted or renewed fo/ a Term of Years certain, then the Estimate shall be made on a Computation of the Amount of the said Fine or Vines divided by the Number of Years for which such Lease has been granted or prolonged in Consideration of such Fine or Fines; and the Quotient arising by such Commutation shall be the Aterage Sum on which such Duty shall be annually charged on such Lessor or - V Lessors j

A.D. 1803i 43° GEORGII III. C. 122.

Lcffors; and if on such Demise the Term granted or renewed shall not be for Years certain, the Commissioners f6r executing this Act shall settle and ascertain the Number of Years by which such Average as aforesaid shall be found on which the Duty shall be charged, by a just Computation of the Number of Years which shall be equivalent to the probable Duration of the Term granted or renewed, whereby the Amount of the Fine or Fines paid thereon ought to be divided as aforesaid, to be reckoned from the Commencement of such Term; and the Amount of such Fine and Fines so received, and the Nature of the Term granted, shall be returned to^the Commissioners in like Manner as the Profits arising under the sixth Case in Schedule (D.) are directed to be returned; and in every Case where a Fine shall have been or shall be received on any new Grant, or on any Renewal of a Lease before existing, for one, two or more Lives, or determinable on one, two, r more Lives, the Computation for the Purposes of this Act shall be made, and the Average of the Fine or Fines received shall be found, by a Division thereof by such Number of Years as shall appear to be the probable Duration of such Life or Lives, by Reference to such Tables as shall have been transmitted to the Commissioners under the Authority of this Act, by Direction of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury.

Fifth. — In regard that the Duty hereby directed to be charged on the Occupier of Lands or Tenements ought in all Cases to be estimated on the full annual Value as aforesaid, there shall be allowed and deducted out of the Assessment to be made of the said Duties on Lands or Tenements demised in Consideration of a Fine or Fines in respect of the Property, the like Amount of Duty as shall be chargeable on an Average of such Fine or Fines upon the Lessor or Lessors, pursuant to the foregoing Rule; which Deduction may be made <in the Appeal of the Lessee when in the Occupation of such Lands or Tenements, or when not in the Occupation thereof, then of such Lessee, or his or her Under-tenant or Under-tenants on the Behalf of such LefTec.

Sixth. — Where any Dwelling Houses, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, shall be charged towards the Aid granted by an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land fax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and the Charge thereon shall be payable by reason of the Mime not having been redeemed, there shall be allowed and deducted out of the Assessment to be made thereon of the said Duties, such Sum of Money as a like Rate on the Sum charged and paid for such Aid shall by a just Proportion amount unto.

Seventh — Where any Lands shall be subject to a publick Rate or Assessment in respect of draining, fencing, or embanking the fame, the annual Value shall be estimated for the Purposes of this Act, exclusive of the Amount of such Rates or Assessments bond side paid ou such Account in and for the Year preceding the Year of Assessment.

Eighth. — Where any Mortgagee or Creditor in any Heritable Bond or Wadset, shall be in the Possession of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, mortgaged or secured* such Mortgagee or Creditor shall be chargeable as Occupier, when in the actual Occupation of the same; and when not in the actual Occupation of the same, shall be liable to such Deductions as any other Landlord would be; and upon the Settlement of Accounts between such Mortgagee or other Creditor as aforesaid, and the Mortgagor or Debtor, the Duty payable in respect of the Amount of the Interest payable upon such Mortgage or other Debt as aforesaid, shall be taken and allowed as so much Mone/ received by such Mortgagee or other Creditor as aforesaid on account of such Interest.

Ninth. — Where any Houses, Lands, or Tenements, shall be occupied by the Owner at the Time the Assessment under this Act shall be made, who shall die within the Year, the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or other Person or Persons who on such Death become entitled to the Rents and Profits thereof, shall be liable to the Payment of all Arrears of the said Duty due at the Time of such Death, and to all sub-sequent Instalments for that Year according to their respective Interests, without any new Assessment.

No. III. Particular Deductions from Schedule (A.)

Fifft. — For every Dwelling House not chargeable to the Duty contained in Schedule (B.) in respect of the Occupation thereof, there shall be deducted out of the annual Value of such Dwelling House estimated according to this Act, for the Purpose of charging the Duties in Schedule (A.) on account of incidental Re* pairs of such Dwelling House, a Sum not exceeding the Rate of five Pounds per Centum on the annual Value of such Dwelling House so estimated, which Deduction shall be made by the Assessor or Assessors before an Assessment, or upon Appeal before the said Commissioners; and for every Dwelling House and other Buildings on a Farm of Lands, Tythes, or Teinds, chargeable to the Duties in Schedule (B.) in respect of the Occupation thereof, except where a Tenant shall be bound to the Repairs thereof or any Part thereof, there shall be deducted on account of incidental Repairs, out of the annual Value of such Farm, as estimated for he Purpose of charging the Duties contained in Schedule (A.), a Sum not exceeding the Rate of two Pounds per Centum on the annuri Value of the Farm so estimated; which last mentioned Deduction may be made by the Assessor or Assessors, on the Production of the Lease, Tack, or Agreement in Writing, or upon an Account in Writing delivered by the Owner or Occupier to such Assessor or Assessors, or upon Appeal before the said Commissioners*

Second. — The Amount of the Tenths and First Fruits Duties and Fees on Presentations paid by any Ec-tkfiastical Person within the Year preceding that in which the Computation shall be made.

Third. — Procurations and Synodal* paid by Ecclesiastical Persons, on an Average of seven Years preceding that in which the Computation shall be made.

Fourths — Repairs of Chancels of Churches by any Rector, Vicar, or other Person bound to repair the fame, on an Average of twenty-one Years preceding as aforesaid, or as nearly thereto as can be produced.

In all which Cases, the Assessment in respect of the Property shall be amended as the Cate may require.

60 a No. IV.

IOI9

Schedule (A.)

Deductions to Lessee I'oi Finos paid by him.

Deductions for Land Tax under 38 G. 3. c. 5.

For Rates for Drainage, &c.

Mortgagees in

PoITtfiion liable.

Heirs, Sec. of Owners being Occupies, shall be liable to the Year's Duty.

Deductions for Repairs.

Tenths, lie.

Procurations,

&c.

Repairs of Chancels.

Schedule (A.)

Exemptions for Colleges and Halls.

Hospitals, Schools, Sec-

Rents of Lanch, See. applicable to HofpUals,

*See §197* 9.

Schedule (B.)

Duty on Occu-pier in England, 9<U in the Pound;

in Scotland, 6d. in the Pound: in Addition to Schedule (A.), on the same Properties, except for Dwelling Houses distinlfc from Farms and Tythes, Sec.

One Eighth to be deducted from Rent of Tythe-free Lands. Lessees and Oc-cupiersofTythes shall pay 3d. per 20$.

Duties shall be paid by the Occupier.

Who deemed Occupiers. Assessments shall be in Force for one Year.

How paid on Change of Occupation.

No Property shall he valued at less than on the Poor Rate. Estimates shall be made on Poor Rate, if that is rated on full Value;

or increased to full Valbe, if made on pro-portbnateSums. jf in different Proportions, the Rate for Lands shall be the Guide.

C. 122. 4j° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

No. IV. Exemptions from the said Duties-in-Schedule (A.y

First. — The Scite of any College or Hall in any of the Universities of Great Britain, and all. Office. % Gar* dens, Walks, and Grounds for Recreation, repaired and maintained by the Funds of such College or Hall.

Second. — The Scite of every Hospitalor publick School, or Alms House, and all Offices, Gardens* Walks, and Grounds for Recreation of the Hospitallers, Scholars, and Almsmen, repaired and maintained by the Funds, of such Hospital, School, or Alms House.

Third. — The Amount of the Rents and Profits of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, belonging to any Hospital or Alms House, on Proof before the respective Commissioners of the due Application of the said Rents and Profits to charitable Purposes only, and in so far as the same shall be applied to charitable Purposes only; such Exemption to be claimed and proved by any Steward, Agent, or Fador acting for such Hospital or Alms House, or by any Trustee of the same, and to be carried into Effect either by vacating the Assessment made on such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or by obtaining a Certificate of Exemption as herein after is mentioned*, and as the Case may require.

SCHEDULE (B.)

For all Dwelling Houses, Lands, Tenements, of Hereditaments, in England* Wales and Berwick-upon-Tweed* there shall be charged in respect of the Occupation thereof, for every twenty Shillings of the annual Value thereof, the Sum of Nine-pence

For all Dwelling Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Heritages in Scotland* there shall be charged in respect of the Occupation thereof, for every twenty Shillings of the annual Value thereof, the Sum of Sixpence.

Which Duties shall be respectively charged in Addition to the Duties contained in Schedule^A.); and shall be construed to extend to all the Properties therein particularly charged, except a Dwelling House not occupied with a Farm of Lands for the Purpose of farming such Lands, or with a Farm of Tythes or Teinds, for the Purpose of farming the fame; and except Tythes or Teinds, and Rents or CompOfitions for Tythes or Teinds, and Corn Rents and other Payments in lieu of Tythes or Teinds: Provided that, in all Cases where Lands are not subject to such Tythes or Teinds, or to any Modu3 or Composition Real in lieu thereof, there shall be deduced out of the annual Value estimated for the Purpose of charging the Duties contained in this Schedule, a Sum not exceeding one eighth Part of such annual Value; and in all Cases where Lands are subject to a Modus or Composition Real, there shall be deduded out of such annual Value, so much thereof as, together with such Modus or Composition Real, shall not exceed one eighth Part of such annual Value as. aforesaid: Provided also, that any Person being Lessee and Occupier of Tythes or Teinds, other than the Occupier of the Lands from whence such Tythes or Teinds shall arise, shall be charged in respect of the Occupation at the Rate of Three-pence for every twenty Shillings of the annual Rent thereof, estimated as aforesaid.

Rules for charging the said last mentioned Duties.

First. — The said last mentioned Duties shall be subject to the general Rule contained in Schedule (A.), and shall be charged annually on, and paid by, the Occupier or Occupiers for the Time being, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns.

Second. — Every Person deriving a Profit from the Use of any Lands or Tenements, shall be taken and considered for the Purposes of this Act as the Occupier of such Lands or Tenements.

Third. — The said last mentioned Duties shall on each Assessment thereof be in Force for one Year, and shall be levied on the Occupier or Occupiers for the Time being, without any new Assessment for that Year, notwithstanding any Change in the Occupation thereof; provided every Tenant on quitting the Occupation shall be liable for the Arrears at the Time of so quitting, and for such further Portion of Time as shall then have elapsed, to be settled and levied by the respective Commissioners, and repaid to the Occupier or Occupiers by whom the same shall have been paid; and the Executors or Administrators of any Tenant who shall die before the End of such Year, shall be liable in like Manner as the Tellator or Intcllate would have been if Hving at the Time of quitting such Occupation.

Rules for estimating the annual Value of Properties before described in Schedules (A.) and (B.)» situate in England* Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed.

First. — No such Property'shall be estimated at a less annual Value than the Rent or Value, at which the same shall be charged in the last Rate, made on or before the Time of making the Assessment, for the Relief of the Poor in the Parish or Place where such Property shall be situate.

Second. — Where the said Poor Rate shall be made throughout by a Pound Rate on the annual Value as the same would be estimated according to Schedule (A.), the Estimate thereon to be made under this Act, shall be made on the same Sums respectively as in such Poor Rate.

Third. — Where the Poor Rate shall be made throughout by such Pound Rate on any proportionate Part of the annual Value as aforesaid, the Proportion thereof shall be observedes in the Poor Rate; but the Efthqate thereon to be made under this Act, shall be made at the same Sums respectively as they would have been efti* mated at, if the Poor Rate had been made on the full Amount of such annual Value.

Fourth. — Where Properties of different Kinds shall be rated in the same Poor Rate, according to different Proportions of the Value thereof as aforesaid, or shall be rated therein at different Rates of fuca Value, but nevertheless the Properties of the same Kind shall be rated in a due Proportion to each other, both as to the Value and Rate of Charge, in every such Case the Rule of rating Lands, both as to the Value and the Rate of Chatge, shall, in making the Estimate under this Act, be observed throughout, as well with respect to such Laqch, as to the other Properties therein rated, so far as relates to such Poor Rates as shall be made either on the full Value of the Properties, or on any proportionate Part thereof.

Fifth. —

A.D. 1803. 430 GEO. RGII III. C. 122.

Fifth. — In all Cases not falling within the three lato-preceding Rules, but nevertheless where the Properties shall appear to the Assessors to be rated in the Poor Rate in the same Proportion to each other, though the Proportion of such Rate to the Value of the Property rated be not known, and the Assessors are able to ascertain the Rack Rent of any Property which shall have been so let within the Period of seven Years preceding, within the Limits of the Panto1 or Place where the said A fie (Tors fttall aft, they toall make an Ultimate of such Property on the Amount of such Rent; and the Estimate so made toall form the Balls on which the Estimates of other Properties of which the Rack Rent shall not have been so ascertained, toall be made; and they toall make their Estimates of all other Property in Sumd bearing the same Proportion as near as the same can be computed, to the Amount of such first Estimate, as the Sums, at which such other Property is valued at in such Poor Rate, bear to the Sum charged in the said Poor Rate on the said Property first estimated; and in Cases where the same Rule of Proportion shall not have been observed in rating different Kinds of Property, then the Assessors toall make an Estimate, as above dirtfted, upon each of such Kinds of Property, for the Purpose of forming a Balls, on which the Estimates of other Properties of the same Kind may be made.

Sixth. — Where there toall be-no Poor Rate, or where any Property toall not be rated in any Poor Rate, the Assessors toall, from the bed Information they can obtain of the Rent at which such Property shall have been let within the Term before limited, or if not so let, of the annual Value thereof as aforesaid, make an Estimate according to such Rent or annual Value, as the Case may require.

Seventh. — Where the Poor Rate of any Parish or Place toall not afford a just Proportion of the Value of Properties situate therein, according to any of the Rules before mentioned, or there toall not be any Property whereon to form the Basis of the Estimate to be made under this Act, according to the fifth Rule before mentioned, the Assessors may, according to thf belt of their Judgment, ascertain the annual Value of the several Properties therein, and make their Estimates according to such annual Value.

Eighth. — If by pursuing any of the preceding Rules, any Property which toall have been let at Rack Rent within the seven preceding Years, toall be estimated at a Sum exceeding such Rent, or any Property which shall not have been so let shall be estimated at a Sum exceeding the annual Value thereof, estimated according to the general Rule before prescribed, the Commissioners for executing this Act shall, on Appeal therefrom, give such Relief as by this Act is directed.

Ninth. — If by pursuing any of the preceding Rules, or otherwise, any Property which toall have been let at Rack Rent within the seven preceding Years, toall be estimated at a less Sum than the Amount of such Rent, or any Property which toall not have been so let, toall be estimated at a Sum less than the annual Value thereof, estimated according to the general Rule before prescribed, the Commissioners for executing this Act shall increase such Estimate, and proceed to make an Assessment according to such increased Estimate, in Manner herein directed.

Tenth. — Where any Landlord toall be subject to any Covenant or Agreement, to pay and satisfy out of the Rent reserved on any Lands or Tenements, all or any Parochial Rates, Taxes, or Assessments, which by Law are a Charge on the Occupier, or any Rent or other annual Payment to be made in lieu of Tythes or Teinds, or any Composition for Tythes or Teinds, then and in every such Case, the Rent or annual Value, as the Case may require, toall be estimated, for the Purposes of this Act, exclusive of such Rates, Taxes, or Assessments, or of such Rent or Payment in lieu^of Tythes or Teinds, or Cotrpositions for Tythes or Teinds, to be computed on the Amount thereof bond Jiiic paid by such Landlord in and for the Year preceding the Year of Assessment.

Eleventh. — Where any Tenant of Lands or Tenements toall be subject to any Covenant or Agreement to pay and satisfy all or any Aids, Taxes, Rates, or Assessments, by Law chargeable on or payable by the Landlord or Landlords, then and in such Case the Amount thereof which toall have been bondJule paid by such Tenant in and for the Year preceding Use Year of Assessment, toall, in making the Estimate for the Purpose of charging the Duty in respect of Occupation, be added to ihe Rent reserved, in case the same toall have been let within the Period of seven preceding Years, and if not so let, the Estimate toall be made according to the general Rule in Schedule (A.), without regard to such Payments.

Twelfth. — Where the Amount of Rent reserved on Lands toall depend on the Price of Corn or Grain, the Estimate, for the Purposes of this Act, toall be made on the Amount payable according to the Prices fixed in the Year preceding the Year of Assessments on the same Average Prices or Fiars, and in the same Manner by which such Rents have usually been ascertained between the Landlords and Tenants, or according to the annual Value of such Lands, estimated according to the said general Rule, as the Case may require.

Thirteenth. — Where the Amount of Rent reserved on Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, toall depend on the actual Produce thereof either in respect of the Price or Quantity of such Produce, the Estimate for the Purposes of charging the Duties in Schedule (A.) toall be made on the Amount or Value of such Pro^ duce in the Year preceding the Year of Assessment, according to the Prices fixed, or according to the Quantity produced in such preceding Year, by the same Rules, and in the same Manner by which such Rents have usually been ascertained between the Proprietors and their Lessees or Tenants.

RULE for estimathlg the Rent or annual Value of Properties before described in Schedules (A.) and <*). fitnate in Scotland.

Every Estimate of such Property in Scotland toall be made without Reference to the Cess or Tax Roll, or valued Rents heretofore used in Scotland, or any Stent thereon, and toall be made according to the general Rule contained in the Schedule (A.) to the best of the Belief and Judgment of the Commissioners, Assessors, and others employed in charging the said several Duties.

102

Schedule (B % ) Where Proportion* of Poor Rate arc not known,

F (Innate shall be made on Rack Rent, &c.

So where no Poor's R.ue.

Where Poor's Rate is not justly mi de, &c. Eiii-mate shall be according to Judgment of Afll (Tors.

[Sec §46.] Commissioners may relieve where Property is assessed above the Value} or increase the Assessment when made below the Value.

Motley Payments paid by Landlord on account of Occupier, shall be deducted from the Rent.

Money Payments byTenant on account of Landlord shall he added to the Rent.

How Rent according to Price of Corn or Grain toall be ascertained.

How Rent according to Produce toall be ascertained.

in Scotland Eftiraates shall be made according to the general Rule.

to22 C. 122. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Where the Pbor's Rates shall not be made on the p full Amount of Property, Sec. Kftimaies shall be made on Returns from the Parties, or by the AfTcffjis' Judgment.

I Penally for Hrzlxtin Returns, § $2.]

Atfeflors mar

their Klli-m.uts of Lands, on the Pioduc-tion of the Lease by the Tenant, according to the reserved Rent.

No Deduction shall be made for Lands, unless an Account be delivered.

Tenants at Rack Rent under a Parol Demise, or notable to produce Leases, may deliver an Account of the Value.

Penalty for delivering false Account, 20l. and double Duty.

U»iJ* §5*0

All Tenants in Scotland shall on Notice produce their Leases, or an Account of tiv*h Rent.

Penalty, trebl# Puty.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That in cvtly Case where the Poor* Rate of any Parish or Place in England, Wale*, of Bcrwith-upo* Tweed, shall not be made on the full Amount of all the Properties in such Pan(k or Place whereon a Duty ia directed to be charged by Schedules (A.) or (B.), nor in any given proportionate Part of such Value; and in all Cases where any Property so chargeable shall not be rated an such Poor's Rate, it shall be lawful for the Assessor or Assessors, and he and they is and are hereby required, to give or leave Notice in Writing to the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, or at the lad or usual Place of Abode of them, or any of them, or on the Premises to be charged with the said Assessment, requiring him, her, or them, to prepare and produce to the said Assessor or Assessors, within twenty-one Days next ensuing the Day of giving such Notice, an Account in Writing, in such Form as shall be directed under the Authority of this Act, of the annual Value of such Property estimated according to the general Rule contained in Schedule (A.), as the Case may require; upon which Account so delivered it shall be lawful for the said Assessor or Assessors to make an Estimate of the said Property on the Amount of the Sum ascertained by such Account, if the said Assessor or Assessor shall be satisfied with such Account; but if the said Assessor or Assessors shall not be satisfied therewith, or if no such Account shall have been returned, the said Assessor or Assessors shall make an Estimate to the bed of his or their Judgment on the said Property.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Tenant at Rack Rent shall produce to the Assessor or Assessors the Lease, or Agreement if in Writing, under which he or she holds any Premises to be charged as aforesaid, and in case it shall appear by such Lease or Agreement, that the same shall have been let within the Period of seven preceding Years, and no other Consideration in Money than the Rent reserved shall be contained in such Lense or Agreement, it shall be lawful for such Assessor or Assessors to make their Estimate according to such Rent, any Thing before contained to the contrary notwithstanding; butfoch Assessment shall not be binding in case it shall appear to the Commissioners, that the said Lease or Agreement doth not express the full Consideration for the Demise, or the Rent bondfide paid for the same, or is made in any other Respeci with Intent to conceal or diminish the annual Value of such Premises: Provided always, that Regard shall be had to the Cases before mentioned, where the Amount of the reserved Rent shall be inertafed by reason of any Covenant or Agreement by the Landlord to discharge the Tenant's Taxes, Rates, Assessments, or Duties before mentioned; or where the same shall be decreased by reason of any Covenant or Agreement by the Tenant to discharge the Landlord's Taxes, Rate.*, or Assessments; and to the Deductions to be made on account of any Aid or publick Rate or Assessment before described.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Deduction from the annual Value of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, shall be allowed in any Case, unless an Account thereof in Writing, signad by the Party claiming such Deduction, dating the Nature and Amount thereof, shall have been delivered to the Assessor or Assessors, or to the respective Commissioners by whom respectively such Deduction may be allowed as herein directed.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Tenant at Rack Rent under any Parol Demise from Year to Year, or any Tenant who by reason of any Mortgage or other Contract, shall not have the Custody ot Possession of, or the Power over any Lease or Agreement in Writing, under which he holds the Premises de-mifed, and who shall give reasonable Proof to the CommissionerB why he is unable to produce the fame, shall deliver to the Assessor or Assessors an Account in Writing, signed by him or her, of the actual Amount of the annual Rent reserved on such Demise, such Account so delivered shall be deemed a Compliance with this Act, in all Cases where he may be called upon under the Authority of this Act, to produce such Lease or Agreement; and it shall be lawful for such Assessor or Assessors to make their Estimate according to such Rent, any Thing before contained to the contrary notwithstanding; but such Assessment shall not be binding in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners that the said Account doth riot express the full Consideration for such Demiie, or the Rent bond side paid for the same, or i9 made in any other Respect with Intent to conceal or diminish the annual Value of the Premises held under such Demise; and every such pTenant who shall wilfully deliver any such Account which shall be false, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty ^Pounds, and shall be liable to be charged iA Double the Duty hereby charged, computed on the annual Value of the Premises held under such Demise, estimated according to this Act; and the said Commissioners are in such Case hereby required to make an Assessment accordingly.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant of Lands, or Tenements, or Heritages, in Scotland, shall, within ten Days after the Assessor or Assessors shall have left at his or her usual Place of Abode, or at any Dwelling House on the Premises to be charged with the Assessment, a Note in Writing to the Efieft alter mentioned (which such Assessor or Assessors are hereby required to deliver in every Instance), shall produce to such Assessor or Assessors the Tack or Lease, or other Agreement or Articles in Writing, under which he or she holds such Lands or Tenements; or where the same shall not be in the Power, Custody, or Possession, ofiiich Tenant, or there shall be no such Tack, Lease, or Agreement, or Articles, then he or she shall leave with such Assessor or Assessors, or at his or their Dwelling House, within the Time before mentioned, a Note in Writing of the actual Rent annually reserved and payable, and of any other valuable Consideration given or to be given to the Landlord or Landlords of such Lands and Tenements, as a further Consideration for such Tenancy, under the Penalty of Treble the Duty hereby chargeable thereon in case of any wilful Neglect to comply with such Notice; and it shall be lawful for such Assessor or Assessors to make hit or their Estimate on the Production of such Lease or Agreement, or Articles, according to the Rent therein reserved and made payable; and in case of Noo-production of such Lease, or Agreement, or Articles, in Writing, then upon the Rent reserved or made payable according to the Account thereof delivered as aforesaid, if be or they shall be satisfied that the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, have been bond side let at the reserved Rent notified to him or them as aforesaid, without other valuable Consideration; but in case such Assessor or Assessors (had not

1 be

1023

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 122.

be fatiafied with the Notification given to him or them, or in case no such Notification shall be given, then such Assessor or Assessors shall make the Estimates as directed in the foregoing Clause.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That so far as respects the Duties chargeable under Schedule (A.), in case any Lands charged to the said Duties in any Part of Great Britain shall afterwards become unoccupied, and no Distress can be found on the same at the Time such Duties ftiajl be payable, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Collectors of the Parish or Place where the said Lands are situate, for the Time being, at any Time after, to enter upon the said Lands when there shall be any Distresses thereupon to be found, and the Distress and DiflrcfTes to seizeand fell under the like Powers as they might have distrained on the same Lands in the Occupation of the Person or Persons charged to the said Duties, at the Time the Duties became due: Provided always, that the said Duties shall not be levied on any Houses which shall become unoccupied after an Assessment, for such Portion of the Year as the same shall be unoccupied, but the Assessment thereupon for such Portion of the Year as aforesaid, shall upon Appeal be discharged by the Commissioners in like Manner, on due Proof thereof, as they are authorized to discharge any other Affefunent by virtue of the said recited Acts respectively of the present Session of Parliament.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That where by any Assessment, the Duties hereby granted shall be charged on Tythes or Teinds, and the same shall not be paid within the respective Times limited by jrhis Act, it shall be lawful for the Collector and Officer to distrain upon such Tythes or Teinds, or any other Goods or Chattels of the Owner of such Tythes or Teinds, wherever the same can be found, and to seize, take, and fell so much thereof as shall be sufficient for the levying the said Assessment, under and subject to the Powers granted by the said recited Acts respectively in other Cases.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That when any Assessment shall be charged on any Composition for Tythes or Teinds, or any Rent or Payment in lieu of Tythes or Teinds, the Occupier of the Lands and Premises charged with such Compositions, Rents, and Payments, shall be answerable for the Duties so charged; and where any Assessment shall be charged on the Profits of Markets or Fairs, or on Tolls, Fisheries, or any other annual Profits, not distrainable, the Owner ot Occupier, or Receiver or Receivers of the Profits thereof, shall be answerable for the Duties charged thereon; and in every such Case the Collectors shall distrain upon such Persons respectively, by any of the Ways and Means prescribed by the said recited Acts respectively.

XL. And be it enacted, That the respective Assessors adiing in the Execution of this Act shall make their Certificates of Valuation or Estimates on all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or Heritages, within the Limits of those Places for which they are to act throughout Great Britain, and shall set down the full and just annual Value for which all such Lands and Premises are let, or really worth to be let by the Year, estimated in each particular Case according to the Directions of this Act, together with the Names and Surnames of the Occupiers or the Proprietors thereof.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That for and in Consideration of the extraordinary Care and Pains requisite in making and adjusting the first Year's Assessment on Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, under this Act, the Assessor or Assessors, not being also the Collector or Collectors, shall have such Allowance, not exceeding Two-pence in the Pound, and the Assessor or Assessors, being also Collectors, shall have such Allowance, not exceeding one Penny in the Pound, upon all Sums assessed in the Parish or Place for which they ape appointed Assessors, as the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act shall certify to the Receiver General they are respectively entitled unto, which Sums so paid the Receiver General shall be allowed in his Accounts; provided, that where any Assessment shall be inertafed by the Commissioners to the Extent of one Third of the Sums assessed, or the Commissioners shall, from other Causes, be of Opinion that such Assessor or Assessors shall not faithfully have performed his or their Duty in the Execution of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners in their Discretion to refuse the granting of any such Certificate, or to fix the Allowance before limited to such Sum, as in their Judgment they shall think such Assessors are justly entitled unto.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Assessors for any Parish, Ward, or Place shall not be able to make their Assessments according to the Provisions of this Act, or shall be obflrudied therein, it shall be lawful for them to make Application to any two or more of the Commissioners adiing in the Execution of this Act, for the Diflridi where such Assessors shall be appointed, or to any Surveyor or Inspector of the said Duties, who shall severally instrudi such Assessors in making their Assessments, and assist them in the Execution of this Act, according to the Powers and Authorities veiled ra them respectively by this Act.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That the Assessors to be appointed for the aforesaid Duties iu England, Wales, and Berwick^upoa-Tweed, shall, at the Time of bringing in their Certificates of Valuations or Estimates, being required so to do by any Surveyor or Inspector of the said Duties, gi.ve Notice to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Place where they shall act, to produce or cause to be produced to the Commissioners for executing this Act, in relation to the said Duties, the Book or Books, or a true Copy thereof, in which shall have been entered the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish or Place; and the said Commissioners shall, in case the said Surveyor or Inspector shall allege and shew to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners that the said Estimates, or any of them, have not been made according to the Directions of this Act, examine the said Assessors, and also the Overseers of the Poor for the same rarish or Place, or any of them, being duly summoned for that Purpose, on their Oaths or solemn Affirmations, touching the Proportions between the said Rates and the Values of the Properties charged therein; and whether the Properties, or any, and which of them, have been valued therein at the Amount, or at any and what Proportion of the annual Value thereof respectively; and what ought to be the just Proportion between the Rates on the different Properties therein charged, if the Amount of the Values thereof and the same Proportion between the Rate9 had been observed throughout the Rate; and also what Property shall have been omitted to be rated; and which of the Properties in the Parish or Place shall be entitled to be assessed, on an Average of the Profits and Gains for three Years,

according

Ifl.and* I ecome unot < upied, Distief> may btf taken aftci wards foi the Duly due under Schedule (A.)

Bui such Duty shall not he

levied forHouses while unoccu-p ed.

Duties charged cnTythes may be levied by Distress.

Mode of levying the Duties on. Composition for Tythes, Marie et«, Fairs, Tolls, Fisheries, bcc.

Assessors shall make Estimates of the Value ul alt Lands, Uc. within iheir DtftudL

Allowance to AflVflbrsibr the first Year's AffeflimenX.

AflTcflbis shall apply to Commissioners and Surveyors for luftru&iuoj.

Assessors shall give Notice to produce Poor's Rates.

Assessors and Ovetfeers maiy be examined, on Oath, before the Commissioners, who may rectify Assess*-ments.

1024

Comtiiflioners, AiTVtTbrs, ice. may examine I\x>r Rates and Tax Books.

Penalty on refu-sing Permission, ol. to 5l.

A fife (Tors in Scotland shall le assisted Ly School maders, and shall be examined concerning their Valuation.

Where no Poor's Rate, nor Return J'rom Occupier

(/" S 3*0.

AflefiTors, &c. may view and survey Lands, by Older of

Commissioners.

Commissioners shall make AiTtlTments on Jiftimates not objected to, and made to their Satisfaction.

Subject to Abatement. l$cc §193, tfc.]

On Objection by Surveyor, ice. Commis-fnmert shall rectify Estimates, and make AlTeir-ments thereon.

Duties shall be levied as they become due, and if not levied shall Income Debts on Record.

FarUhet shall be an fwetable for Ccilc&oil.

C. 122. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

according to this Act; and the said Commissioners shall carefully examine the Estimates made by the said Assessors, and ascertain whether the same have been made according to the Directions prescribed by this Act, and from the Result of the said Inquiries may rectify the same Estimates in any Particulars which in their Judgment may be requisite, before they make an Assessment thereon, as herein is directed.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That for the better Information of the Commissioners appointed to carry this Act into Execution, and the Persons to be appointed Assessors as aforesaid, and also the Surveyors and Inspectors, and the betttr to enable them to perform their Duty, the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, and the Assessors, Surveyors, and Inspectors, herein mentioned, or anyone or more of them, or any Person or Persons authorized by them, or any of them, throughout England, Wales, and Berwicbvf>on-T'wetd, shall hare Liberty from Time to Time, arid at all seasonable Times, ta inspect and take Copies of or Extracts from any Book or Books kept by any Parish Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, of or concerning the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor, or any other publick Taxes, Rates, or Assessments, in any Place within the Limits for which they shall be appointed; and if any Person or Persons in whose Custody or Power any of the said Books shall be shall refuse or neglect to permit the said Inspection, or the Copies or Extracts to be made as aforesaid, or to attend the said Commissioners with their Books when required so to do in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case every Person who shall so refuse or neglect shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds norless than five Pounds.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Assessors in each Parish or Place in Scotland, and they are hereby required, to take to their Assistance the Schoolmaster in such Parish or Place, for the Purpose of making such Valuation of the Lands and other Premises within their respective Limits; and at the Time of bringing in their Certificates, they shall make Oath of the Truth of their Valuation, and that the same was made according to the best of their Skill and Judgment, and shall submit to be examined on such Oath before the said Commissioners, in all Matters and Things concerning the said Valuation which the said Commissioners shall require for their Information.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That in Cases where there shall be no such Poor Rate on which the Assessment as aforesaid can be estimated, and the Occupier or Occupiers, upon due Notice under this Act, shall omit to produce an Account in Writing as aforesaid, of the Amount of the annual Value of the Property in his or their Occupation estimated according to the general Rule in Schedule (A.), the several Assessors, Inspectors, and Surveyors, authorized to act in the Execution of this Act, and every of them, throughout Grth Britain, having first obtained an Order in that Behalf, signed by any two or more of the said Commissioners, shall, after two Days' Notice to the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, have full Power at all seasonable Times of the Day, to view and examine all or any Lands, in order to make such Survey thereof as herein after is mentioned, or otherwise to ascertain the annual Value at which the same ought to be charged by virtue of this Act, and for so doing shall have Liberty to enter upon any Lands or Grounds, whether inclosed or not, and to measure and survey the fame, if they cannot otherwise ascertain the annual Value thereof.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That within a reasonable Time after the respective Surveyors and Inspectors shall have had the Examination of the Estimates delivered by the Assessors in any Part of Great Britain, the said Commissioners shall proceed to take the same into Consideration; and in case the Surveyor or Inspector shall not have objected thereto, and the said Commissioners shall be satisfied that the said Estimates have been made truly and without Fraud, " so as to enable them to charge the several Properties contained therein with the full Duty which ought to be charged upon them respectively, the said Commissioners shall compute and ascertain, or cause to be computed and ascertained, the Amount of the Duties so chargeable at the respective Rates prescribed by the said Schedule, of one Shilling for every twenty Shillings of the annual ValiR so estimated in respect of the Property, and of Nine-pence or Sixpence for every twenty Shillings of such Value in respect of the Occupation, according to the respective Parts of Great Britain aforesaid in which the said Properties respectively are situate, and shall make Assessments upon the respective Occupiers of such Properties of the several Sums so computed at the respective Rates before mentioned, subject nevertheless to an Abatement of the said respective Duties, in the Cases herein after mentioned.

XLV 111. And be it further enacted, That in case the Surveyor or Inspector shall have objected to such Estimates, and shall apply for a Revilion thereof, suggesting in Writing to the Commissioners, that there hath been any Error, Mistake, or Fraud, in making such Estimates, arising either from the not pursuing the Directions before given, or in making the Poor Rate on which such Estimate was founded, or from any other Cause, or that any Property chargeable to the said Rate hath been omitted to be estimated therein, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, according to the best of their Judgment, to rectify such Estimates, so that the Duty to be computed as aforesaid thereon may be fully charged, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and to make their Assessments according to such reftitied Ellimates, at the respective Rates, and in Manner before mentioned.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners, or any two or more of them executing this Act, in relation to the aforesaid Duties, and they are hereby required, for the Districts for which they aft, to issue out and deliver to the respective Colltftors their Warrants, as directed by the said recited Acts respectively of the prefen t Session of Parliament, for the speedy and effectual levying and ollefting the said Duties as the faqie shall become payable, by quarterly or half-yearly In Raiments, in the respective Parts of Great Britain as herein directed*; and such Part thereof as cannot be so levied and collectetl, may be recoverable as a Debt upon Record to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with full Costs of Suit, and all Charges attending the fame, and when so recovered, the said Duties shall be paid to the Receiver General, in Aid of the Parish or Place answerable for the same.

L. And be it further enacted, That the Parish or Place in which any Assessment shall be made of the aforesaid Duties, shall be aiifwerable for the Amount of the Duties which shall be charged in such Parish or Place,

2 and

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 122.

and for the said Duties being duly demanded of the respective Persons charged therewith, within ten Days after the same are payable by virtue of this Act, according to the Regulations contained in the said recited Acts of the present Session of Parliament respectively, by the Collector or Collectors appointed for such Parish or Place, and also for such Collector or Collectors duly paying the Sums by him or them received to the Receiver General of the said Duties, according to such Regulations.

LI. And be it further enacted, That any Arrears of the said Duties arising from the Default as aforesaid, or by the Failure of any Collector, for which any Parish or Place as aforesaid shall be answerable, shall be assessed within or upon such Parish or Place, as soon after such, Default shall be discovered as conveniently can be done, and shall be charged on the Amount of the Assessment, which shall be made for the same Duties in the Year commencing from the fifth Day of April preceding the Time of making such Re-assessment, by duly apportioning the Amount of such Arrear amongst the several Persons assessed in that Year, in the Assessment of the same Duties on which such Arrear shall have accrued, according to the Amount of each Person's Assessment therein, as nearly as the Case will admit, and by the like Rules, Methods, and Directions by which the original Assessment was made, to be raised and levied in such Manner as any Assessment may be by virtue of this Act raised and levied, under the Regulations of the said recited Acts respectively.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person liable to any of the Duties before mentioned, and being required so to do, in pursuance of the Directions contained in this Act in such Case, shall wilfully negloft to deliver to the Assessor or Assessors requiring the fame, a true, perfect, and complete Return, or Account of all the Matters and Things for which such Returns or Accounts may lawfully be demanded in pursuance of this Act, within the respective Times herein limited, he or she so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, over and above any Duty chargeable by this Act.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyors or Inspector* appointed or to be appointed as herein mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby empowered to inspect and examine all and every the Returns made by any Person or Persons chargeable to the said Duties, or any of them, according to the Directions of this Act, and also all and every the Assessments of the said several Duties, or any of them, made under the Authority of the respective Commissioners before mentioned, by virtue of this Act, as well before as after the Commissioners shall have signed and allowed the said Assessment6; and before such Allowance to correct and amend such Assessments, if he or they shall think fit; and every Person in whose Custody such Returns shall be, shall, and is hereby required, upon the Request of any such Surveyor or Inspector as aforesaid, to deliver the same into his Custody for the Purposes of this Act, taking his Receipt for the fame; and every Person, in whose Custody any such Assessments shall be, shall and is hereby required, upon the Request of such Surveyor or Inspector as aforesaid, to produce the fame, and such Surveyor or Inspector is hereby authorized to take Charge of the same, until he shall have taken such Copies of or Extracts from the same, as may be necessary for his and their better Information; and if any such Surveyor or Inspector shall, after any such List or Lists, and Assessment or Assessments, shall be so respectively made out and signed and allowed as aforesaid, find or discover upon his Survey or Examination, or otherwise, that any Person who ought to be charged with the said Duties, or any of them, shall have been omitted to be charged therewith, or shall have been under-rated, or that any Person liable to the said Duties, or any of them, and being required so to do, hath neglected or refused to make a Return, according to the Directions of this Act, or that the Assessor or Assessors have neglected to require a Return in any Case where a Return ought to have been required from any Person or Persons, according to the Intent of this Act, so that he or she shall not have been charged to the Amount which ought to have been paid by him or her; then and in every such Case, the said Surveyor or Inspector shall certify the same in Writing under his Hand, together with an Account of every Default, and the full Amount of the Duty which ought to be paid, by way of Surcharge*, to any two or more of the said respective Commissioners for putting in Execution this Act in relation to the Duties on which such Surcharge shall be made, in order to have such Default or Under-rate rectified in the said Assessment; and such Commissioners are upon the Delivery of any such Certificate, and upon Oath being first made that such Notice as herein after is directedf, was given to or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or other Place of Abode of thr Person so surcharged, hereby required to sign and allow the said Surcharges, and to cause the said Assessments to be rectified, and the said Duties to be levied accordingly 5 all which Examinations and Surcharges the said Inspectors and Surveyors are hereby empowered to make, from Time to Time, and at such Times as is directed by the said recited Acts of the present Session of Parliament respectively.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That no Assessment or Surcharge made or to be made by any Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, by virtue of this Act, shall be impeached or assefted by reason of any Mistake or Variance in the Christian or Surname, or either of them, of any Person liable to any of the Duties payable by this Act, nor by reason of any Mistake in the Description of any Lands or other Premises charged in Schedule (A) or (B), or the Amount of the Duty surcharged, whether such Mistake oh Variance shall appear in the Notice and Certificate to be delivered or made in such Case, or in either of them; but that all such Assessments and Surcharges shall be valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding any such Mistake or Variance; provided the Notice of Surcharge be delivered to or left at the Abode of the Person intended to be so surcharged according to the Directions of this Act; and the Duties intended to be described shall be chargeable on such Person or Persons.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person to whom such Notice of Surcharge shall be given as aforesaid, at any Time previous to the Time appointed for hearing Appeals next after the Delivery of such Notice, to make out and deliver to the Surveyor or Inspector who shall have delivered the Notice of Surcharge, a true, perfect, and complete Schedule of the annual Value, as the same ought to be estimated according to this Act, of all the Property charged thereby, and which ought to be assessed by and under the Commissioners of and in the DiHrift where such Surcharge shall be delivered, in such Form as shall be 43 Geo. III. 6 P directed

1025

Arrears shall be re-assessed.

Penalty for nol

iftakingRctums,

Sol.

[See §32. 35. and also §230.]

Surveyors and Iufptr&os* shall have Access <0 Returns and Assessments, with Liberty to amend Assess-meni before Allowance.

Officers shall j afford Access to Returns and Assessments.

After AlTbw. ance. Surveyor or Inspect >r may surcharge, by Certificate to and Allowance of Commissioners.

t [&* §54.]

No Surcharge by any Assessor, See. shall be impeached for any Mistake i* the Names or Descriptions.

Notice to Paity surcharged.

To avoid Surcharge, Party may make Return,

C. 122

with an Affidavit annexed.

(S«§56.)

On Surveyor's Certificate of Satisfaction, Duty shall be -charged , or otherwise Surcharge shall take place, without Abatement, except on Appeal.

(&v §56, 57.) The Form of Affidavit in such Case.

Appeal against Surcharge, 'as under 43 G. 3. c. 90. & c. 150. Appeal against Certificate of I it fp eft or, &c.

On Appeal a Schedule shall be produced on Oath, if requited.

The Value of Lands may be afceimined by actual Valuation for the Appellant by Order of the Commissioners.

Costs of such Valuation.

In case of Dispute on 1'oor Rate, a Valuation of all the Lands in a Par: fh may be taken.

Where AssessT-ments according1 to Poor Rate are made above the Value ot Lands, Commissioners may relieve.

On Appeal Commissioners may relieve Occupier shewing Lease, or proving his annual Rent.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

directed under the Authority of this Act, and as the Case may require, so that he or she may from such' Schedule so delivered, be charged to the said Duties the full Sum at which he or she ought to be charged by virtue of this Act in such District: Provided always, that to every such Schedule, there shall be annexed an Affidavit in Writing, to the Effect herein after mentioned; and if the said Surveyor or Inspector shall be satisfied with such Schedule and Affidavit, then he shall certify such Return and Affidavit to two or more of the said Commissioners respectively, with the Amount of the Duty to be charged, who shall thereupon cause the Assessment to be made according to such Certificate, and the same Rate of Duty as set forth in the Schedules marked (A) and (B), to be charged on the Person making such Return, without further Trouble or Delay; but if upon Examination of such Schedule or such Affidavit, the said Surveyor or Inspector shall fee just Cause to object thereto, he shall thereupon certify such Return and Affidavit, together with the Cause of hfe Objection, to two or more of the said Commissioners respectively, who shall thereupon cause the Assessment to be made according to such last-mer.tioned Certificates in the Amount of the Duty at which such Person shall be fur-charged; and from which Surcharge no Abatement shall be made on any Pretence, unless on Appeal as herein after is directed; of which Certificate Notice shall be given by the Surveyor to the Person to be charged thereby.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That every such Affidavit shall alledge and declare in Substance, or to the Effect as follows; (that is to say, ) that the Return to which this Affidavit is annexed, is a full, perfect, and complete Return of all Matters and Things required of the said Deponent by this Act, to the best of his or hpr Judgment; which Affidavit may be taken before any one or more of the Commissioners acting for the Place where the Surcharge shall be made, or where the Party fureharged shall refidg, and shall be signed by the Party making the same: Provided always, that an Appeal may be made from any Assessment or Surcharge as aforesaid, and heard and determined under the Regulations of the said recited Acts respectively; and that such Appeal may be made in the like Cases as are mentioned in the said recited Acts respectively.

LVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or them-Lives respectively over-charged or over-rated by any Certificate of any Inspector or Surveyor as aforesaid, or by any Assessment to be made by virtue or in pursuance of such Certificate, it shall be lawful forliim, her, or them respectively, to appeal to the said Commissioners in such Manner as he or they are authorized to appeal from any original Assessment or Surcharge, by the Regulations of the said recited Acts respectively.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Hearing of any such Appeal, or the Appeal against any original Assessment or Surcharge, the Appellant shall in all Cases produce before the said Commissioners, a true, perfect, and complete Schedule, as directed by this Act as aforesaid, and as the Case may require; and, if required so to do, shall verify the same upon his or her Oath or Affirmation.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if upon Appeal, any Dispute shall arise, touching the annual Value of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, afld the Commissioners shall deem it, necessary that a Valuation thereof should be taken and made by any Person or Persons of Skill, it shall be lawful for them to direct the Appellant to cause such Valuation to be made, the Cost and Charges whereof shall abide the final Determination of the said Commissioners; and it shall be lawful for them to make an Assessment according to such Valuation, and to require the same to be verified on the Oath or Affirmation of the Person or Persons making the same; but in case the Appellant shall not proceed with Effect to cause such Valuation to be made as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall proceed to an Assessment according to the best of their Judgment, on such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages: Provided always, that it shall be competent to the said Commissioners, in every such Case where the Valuation so made shall exceed the Value put upon the same Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, by the Appellant, to direct the Costs and Charges attending the fame, to be paid by him; but if they shall be of Opinion that such Costs and Charges have not been incurred through any Default of the said Appellant, they shall direct the same to be paid by the Collector or Collectors of the Parish or Place, who, on the Certificate of any two or more Commissioners present at the Time of the Determination, shall pay the same; and the Sums so paid shall be allowed to such Collector or Collectors in his or their Accounts with the Receiver General, on delivering to him or his Deputy such Certificate, together with the Receipt and Voucher for such Payment.

LX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That iF the Dispute shall arise touching the Valuation of the Properties as rated in the Poor Rate of any Parish or Place, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to direct a Survey and Valuation to be taken of all the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Heritages, in such Parish or Place, and to give such Direct ions reTpefting the Payment of the Costs and Charges attending the fame, either by the several and respective Occupiers thereof, in Proportion to their respective interests, or by the Collector, out of the Monies in his Hands of the Duties granted by this Act, as shall appear to the said Commissioners to be just.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall have been assessed at a Sum exceeding the jull Rate on the annual Value thereof, estimated according to the Rules specified in the said Schedule, on occasion of the Assessor or Assessor3 having pursued the Proportions observed in the Poor Rate on which such Assessment was made, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners on Appeal from such Assessment, to abate anddeduft from such Assessment so much as in their Judgment will reduce the Rate to a just Rate on such annual Value.

LXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if on such Appeal the Occupier of any such Premises held under any Demise at Rack Rent, shall produce and shew to the said Commissioners the Lease, Tack, or Agreement, if in Writing, or shall prove by any Lawful Evidence, to be produced on the Part of such Occupier, in case there shall be no such Lease or Agreement in Writing, the annual Amount of the Rent at which such Premises are let, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in case such Demise hath been made within the Period of seven Years, and they shall be satisfied that such Lease or Agreement doth express the full Consideration for

2 the

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 122.

the Demise, or that the Rent bondfide paid for the same hath been duly shewn to them in Evidence, and that such Demise is made wholly on Consideration of such reserved Rent without any Intention to conceal or diminifti the annual Value of such Premises, or other fraudulent Intention whatever, to abate and dedu& from such Af-. feflment so much as in their Judgment will reduce the Rate to a just Rate on such Rent.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the said Commissioners, that, on occallon of - tl e Assessor or Assessors having pursued the Proportions observed in such Poor Rate, any Lands or Tenements shall have been assessed at an annual Value less than the actual Rent at which the same shall be let, or if not let, at less than the Rent at which the same might be let, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to enlarge and.increase such AflefDnent to such Sum as a like Rate on such Rent would amount unto, as well with respect to the Rate on the Property, as the Rate on the Occupation of such Lands and Tenements.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That upon every Surcharge allowed upon Appeal by the said Commissioners upon the Certificate of the Surveyor or inspector as directed by this Act, the Assessment shall be made.in Double the Rates of Duty prescribed in the Schedules marked (A) and (B) on the Amount of the Duty so surcharged, which Sum shall be added to the Assessment, and collected and levied therewith: Provided always, that upon every such Appeal if the said Commissioners shall be of Opinion that there was any reasonable Cause of Controversy on the Part of the Appellant on the Subject Matter of Appeal, and that the Party hath not been guilty of any wilful Default, Neglect, or Oinifiion, nor wilfully done any Act with Intention to defraud the Revenue, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners who shall have determined the said Appeal, although they shall confirm or allow the Surcharge, at the same Time to remit arid strike off the Whole or any Part of the Double Duty; and the Assessor, Surveyor, or Inspector, so making such Surcharge, shall be and is hereby entitled to, and shall have and receive for his own Use from the Receiver General to whom the Duties shall be paid, the Overplus of the Sum so charged above the said Rate of Duty as prescribed in the said Schedule, and which shall not be so remitted or (truck off as aforesaid j which Overplus the Commissioners for executing this Act, who shall have confirmed such Surcharge, or any two or more of them, shall at the same Meeting certify under their Hands to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes in England, and the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and the Certificate of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and Barons, or any two or more of them respectively, shall be a Warrant to the said Receiver General to pay the same.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Inspector or Surveyor shall wilfully make any false and vexatious Surcharge, or wilfully deliver or cause to be delivered to the Commissioners for executing this Act any false and vexatious Certificate of Charge, every such Inspector or Surveyor shall forfeit to the Party aggrieved any Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for Offences committed in England, and in the Court of Great Sessions for Offences committed in Wales, and in the Courts of Session or Exchequer for Offences committed in Scotland, with full Coils of Suit: Provided always, that nothing herein-before contained, nor any Suit by the Party aggrieved, in pursuance of this Act, shall be construed to affect, impeach, or defeat any Action or Information brought or to be brought against any Surveyor or Inspector, in pursuance of the said recited Acts respectively, for any corrupt, vexatious, or illegal Practices in the Execution of his Office; and it shall be lawful for the Judge before whom such Inspector or Surveyor shall have been convicted of such Offence, by Indorsement on the Postea, or for the Court before whom such Person shall be convicted, to mitigate the Penalty at his or their Discretion.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Schedule herein after mentioned, marked (C), and the Rules therein contained, shall be deemed and construed a Part of this Act, as if the same had been herein inserted under a special Enactment.

SCHEDULE (C).

Upon rill Profits arising from Annuities, Dividends, and Shares of Annuities* payable to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, Companies or Societies, whether Corporate or not Corporate, out of any Publick Revenue, there shall be charged for every twenty Shillings of the annual Amount thereof the Sum of one Shilling without Deduction; which Duty shall be paid by the Person or Persons entitled unto the said Annuities, Dividends, and Shares, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, according to their respective Interests; which Duties shall be assessed by the respective Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, in their respective Districts where the Parties shall reside, or before the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, acting for the City of London, as the Parties shall choose, or before the additional Commissioners in those Districts respectively, or by Referees, in ca£e such Prirty shall be chargeable also to the Duties contained in Schedule (D)#, and shall obtain an Order for that Purpose in Manner herein directed; and shall extend to all Publick Annuities whatever, except the Stocks of Publick Companies otherwise charged by this Act, and except as herein after is excepted.

LXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to charge the Stock or Fund of any Friendly Society established under or by virtue of an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, iatituled, An Act for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies, provided the Property therein shall be duly claimed and proved by any Agent or Fadoron the Behalf of any such Society, or by any Member thereof, before the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, in the District where such Society shall be established.

LXVIII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to charge any Corporation, Fraternity, or Society of Persons establiftwd for charitable Purposes only; nor to charge any Funds, which according to the Rules or Regulations of any Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, or Societies, 01 of any Trustee or Trustees, etlabliftied by Act of Parliament, Charter, Decree, Deed of Trust, or Will, shall be applicable to charitable Purposes, and in so far as the same shall be^pplied to charitable Purposes only; provided

6 P 2'the

IO27

Where Assessf-merits according to Poor Rate are less than the Value, the Assessment may be increased. Surcharges, if confirmed on Appeal, shall be in double Duty, unless remitted by Commission-CIS.

Officers entitled to all Siitcharge Leyondthe Duty,

Pen iltv on In-spedlors, See. tink iiji lalleand vexatious Sur-charges, See. 50l. to the Party grieved, befulcs being punishable under recited Acts.

Penalty may be mitigated.

Schedule (C.) deemed Part of this Act.

Schedule (C.) Duty on Annuities and Dividends on public Revenue, payable by the Parties, and chargeable in London or elsewhere.

*r§s4]

(See §67 — 7r. and at/j $ 100.)

Stock of Fr iendly Sucicties, established under 33 G.3.

c. 54, exempted*

Stork of chsi i-UbU Institutions exempted.

Funds in the Kame of Commissioners of the National Debt [ under Stet. a6 <7. 3. c. 31#] exempted.

Stock in the Name of the Treasury exempted.

Stock of Fotei£n<*r*

f-xenapteJ.

f§sio

Per ions entitled to Dividends ia public Funds shall return Statements, &c. to Commissioners. f [$io6.1

x [*.§107, AV. 125, Schedule (G.) No, 6.]

I [^$ >4S-

'5iJ

Additional Commissioners for London shall charge all Pci-fons neglecting to make Returns of their Property in the public Faucis.

Commissioners out of London shall tnmsmit to the Commissioners in London Certificates of the Duty charged vn Dividends in their Dishitf.

Referees (fee S IXO, &c.i WMJ settle the

C. 122. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

the Application thereof to such Purposes shall be duly proved before the Commissionm for the Purposes of this Act, by any Agent or Factor on the Behalf of any such Corporation, Fraternity, or Society, or Trustee or Trustees, or by any of the Members or Trustees.

LXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That neither this Act, nor any Thing herein contained,

shall be construed to extend to such Part of the Publick Annuities as have been or shall be transferred to the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by virtue of an Act intituled, An ABfor vesting certain Sums in the Commisswners at the End of every Quarter of a Tear, to he by them.applied to the Reduction of the National Debt; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall front Time to Time cause to be transmitted to the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, acting for the City of London, an Account of the total Amount of Stock as shall have been transferred to the said Commissioners.

LXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to such Part of the said Publick Annuities, as are or shall be transferred to the Accounts in the Books of the Bank of England, in the Name or under the Description of the Lord High Treasurer of England^ or of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall from Time to Time cause to be transmitted to the said Commissioners afting1 for London, an Account of the total Amount of Stocks as shall have been transferred to the said respective Accounts.

LXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to the Profits arising from any Annuities, Dividends, and Shares, bondfde belonging to any Person not being a Subject of His Majesty, and not being resident in Great Britain during such Time as the same shall continue the Property of such Person; provided that such Property shall be duly claimed and ascertained in the Manner herein after mentioned

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person, and Body Politick and Corporate, Company or Society of Persons, who shall be entitled unto any Shares of such Annuities, shall, by Force of such general Notices as are herein after mentioned f and without any particular Notice for that Purpose within the Time limited in such general Notices, in order to their being assessed before the respective Commissioners, or in order to their being exempted therefrom as coming within any of the special Exemptions herein-before allowed, deliver, or cause to be delivered to them, or to their Clerk at such Place or Office as shall be appointed for that Purpose, the like Lifts, Declarations, and Statements, as Persons are herein after required to deliver in respect of their Pro* session or Trade f; in which Lifts, Declarations, and Statements respectively, they shall separately and distinctly specify the Amount of the annual Profits arising from such Publick Annuities, and the particular Stock of Annuities on which such Profits arise, and the Description of the Person or Persons in whose Name or Names the same are veiled, and of any other Person or Corporation, Company or Society, for whom such Person (frail aft in any of the Characters herein after described; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to whom such Statement shall be delivered, if they shall be satisfied therewith, to make an Assessment on the Amount of the annual Profits contained in such Statement at the Rate before mentioned, according to the Provisions of this Act; and if the said Commissioners shall be dissatisfied therewith, they shall make an Assessment in such Sum, as according to their Judgment such Person, Corporation, Company, or Society, ought to be charged with by virtue of this Act, pursuing such Mode of Inquiry in investigating the Amount of such Profits, as they are authorized to pursue in inquiring into the Profits of Trade as herein after mentioned ||, or using such other Means of investigating the fame, as they may think most eligible for ascertaining the Amount of such Profits; and the said Commissioners shall on such Statement also allow such Exemptions as they are satisfied are bond fie claimed, or, being dissatisfied therewith, shall proceed to examine into the Fasts according to the Provisions of this Act.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person, Corporation, Company, or Society whatever, entitled unto any Shares in such Publick Annuities, who shall not within the Time herein limited for Delivery of such Statements, make a Return thereof according to the Directions of this Act, shall be charged and assessed to the Duties contained in the said last mentioned Schedule by the additional Commissioners acting for the said City of London 5 which said Commissioners shall, from the belt Information they can obtain, twice in every Year, previous to the Times for Payment of the half-yearly Dividends on the respective Stocks of Annuities, make an Estimate of the Profits which each Person, Corporation, Company, or Society, who shall not already have been assessed by the Commissioners in their respective Districts for the Year in which such Profits shall accrue, and shall make an Assessment thereon at the Rate prescribed by this Act, a Certifitate of which Assessment shall be delivered to each Party charged therewith, if his, her, or their Place of Abode shall be known, in order that such Party may appeal therefrom to the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, if he or she shall be aggrieved by such Assessment.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Commissioners to whom any Statements of the Profits arising from such Annuities as aforesaid shall have been delivered in any District, except the City of London, shall, from Time to Time, and whenever the same shall be necessary, or when thereunto required, cause to be transmitted to the said Commissioners acting for the said City, a Certificate of the Amount of the Profits arising as last aforesaid, which shall have been assessed by them, which Certificates shall respectively contain the Names and Places of Abode, or other Descriptions, of the respective Persons on whom such Assessments shall have been made, and the particular Stock of Annuities on which such Profits shall arise; which Certificates shall exempt the Party so assessed from any further Assessment on account of the said Annuities; and the like Certificates shall be transmitted in like Manner of all Exemptions allowed by the said respective Commissioners from the said last mentioned Duties.

LXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where any Referees shall be appointed, as herein after directed, to settle and ascertain the Amount of the Sums which ought to be paid by the Party in such Reference,

ia

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 122, 1029

Amount of Doty to be paid for Dividends.

Accounts of Di-vidends shall be delivered to Inspe*stor$, See. by the Corporations, Sec,

Trustees, Officers of Courrs, See. having the Controui of Property, shall pay the Duly.

in respect of Profits arising from any Profession, Trade, or ManufadUre, it shall be lawful for them at the same Time to settle and ascertain the Amount of Duty payable by the same Party, in respect of his or her Profits arising from such publick Annuities: provided that a separate Account thereof be taken, and the Computation thereof be made at the Rate before prescribed, without Deduction or Abatement; and the Settlement and Determination of such Referees shall be of the like Force in respect of the fold last mentioned Duties, as in respect of the other Duties before mentioned; and the Referees shall proceed therein in the Manner herein after provided, as well in regard to the Ascertainment of the Duty as to the Payment thereof.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in order to the due Assessment of Persons entitled to Dividends, or Shares of Annuities payable out of the publick Revenue, all Persons and Corporations, to whom the Payment thereof shall be intruded, shall from Time to Time deliver an Account of all such Dividends and Shares to such Inspector or Surveyor as shall be authorized for that Purpose, under the Hands of three or more of the Commissioners for the Aflairsof Taxes, upon Demand thereof, in like Manner as the Statements of the Income of such Persons and Corporations are required to be delivered.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person, who as Trustee, Guardian, Tutor, Curator, or Commiteee, or as Attorney, Agent, or Fador, of any Person or Persons, whether under Incapacity or not, and whether redding in Great Britain or not (except such Persons and such charitable Institutions, as are herein exempted from the said Duties), and the Chamberlain, Treasurer, or other Officer of any Corporation, Company, or Society in Great Britain, and the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and every Officer of any other Court in Great Britain, having the Direction and Controui'of any Property veftedinthe said publick Annuities, who shall, in respect of their several Offices, be in the Receipt of Dividends payable upon the said publick Annuities, shall be answerablefor the doing all such Acts, Matters, and Things, as shall be required to be done, in order to their being duly assessed, or to the claiming of Exemptions from the said Duty in Cases herein allowed; and it shall be lawful for every Person herein-before described, by and out of such Dividends, whenever the same shall be received, to retain so much and such Part thereof from Time to Time as shall be sufficient for the Satisfaction and Discharge of such Duty; and every Person before described shall be and, they are hereby respectively indemnified against all and every Person and Persons, Corporations, Companies, and Societies whatever, for all Payments on account of the said Duty which they shall respectively make in pursuance of this Act.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which the Title to any Property under the Controui or Direction of any Court of Equity, or other Court, in any Suit depending or otherwise, or the Proportions thereof, shall be uncertain, either by reason of any Contingency to which the same may be subject, or by reason of any Dispute concerning the same, or foYany other Caule, at the Time of the Duty being charged thereon, and the lame mail be paid according to the Directions of this Act, either by the Receiver or Receivers of the Profits, or by any Officer of such Court, and it shall appear upon the Settlement or Ascertainment of such Property, that the annual Income arising therefrom, or from any Proportion thereof, belonging to any Person, together with all other Income of the same Person, shall not have amounted to one hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to order such Relief as the Party would have been entitled unto at the Time of making the Assessment, if the Title to such Property had been then ascertained, and to direct Re-payment of the Sums which shall appear to them to have been overpaid, in such Manner as to them shall seem just and expedient.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Sums assessed by the said Commissioners, in respect of the said last mentioned Duties, shall be entered in their Books, together with the Sums assessed by the same Commissionert, in respect of the Duties herein after mentioned, contained in Schedule (D), and shall be paid and discharged by the like Rules and Regulations, and under the like Penalties, as are herein after provided in respect of such Duties.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Subject of his Majesty shall, after Receipt of any publick Annuity as aforesaid, or any Share therein, or any Dividend thereof, either at the Bank of England, South Sea House, East India House, or Exchequer, neglect to pay the same for the Space of six Calendar Months thereafty* or mall depart from that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England into any other Part of the said United Kingdom, without satisfying and paying the Duty payable on the Share or Dividend so received, such Duty shall be recoverable as a Debt on Record to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with full Costs of Suit, and all other Charges attending the fame; and the like Process shall thereupon issue at the Instance of his Majesty's Attorney General for England or Ireland, or the Advocate of Scotland, against such Person, his or her Estate, Goods, Chattels, and Effects, according to the Laws of that Fart of the said United Kingdom wherein such Person shall reside, and such Proceedings shall be thereupon had for the Recovery of the said Sum, and all Costs and other Charges attending the fame, as may lawfully be had in such Parts of the said United Kingdom respectively, for the Recovery of Debts due to his Majesty arising within the same, any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and if any Attorney, Agent, or Fador shall receive any such Annuities, Shares, or Dividends, without retaining in his Hands, and paying the Duty changeable thereon, except in such Cases where the Principal for whom he so acts shall have claimed and obtained a Certificate of Exemption from the said Duties, every such Attorney, Agent, or Fador, so neglecting, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds over and above the Duty i© payable*

LXXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where the Stock of any Persons shall {land in the Books of the Company of the Bank of England, or South Sea Company* or of the Exchequef^iirtte Naancjof any Trustee, Agent, or Fador, for such Persons as aforesaid, such Trustee, Agent, or Fador shall be aftfwer-able for the said Duties, unless he shall prove on Oath before the Commissioners for the Furpofo of this Act, acting for the City of London, to their Satisfaction, that such Annuities, Dividends, ani^ SWresbtmdjide belong btoik Moop.to' to Persons not Subjects of his Majesty, and not resident in Great Britain, in whichrCafcs the said Gomiqiffion-'f

Stim* pj'd pending dif-puted T ii!e< ni; »y be repaid, on Order of the Treasury, to Parties*hi*fc Snares entitle them to At element.

Emilies on Dividends shall be aflVffed and levied as Di tie* in Schedule (D.) (*4-)

Duty on Dividend*, if not paid within fix Mcnjhs, may be reroveied as a Dcbi on Record in any Part of the United Kingdom.

Penalty on Agent rot retaining Duty, 20l. and Duty.

Trustees, 5cc. shall he answer* aWe>oc Duties, .unless onYroof 'by 02th' tWr isle

io3'o

Certificate of

Exemption

given.

Agents may act for Foreigners.

On Transfer of any Part of such Stock, the Certificate to be vacated, and ne^: Certificate be granted for the Remainder.

Penalty on Persons fraudulently claiming Stock as the Property of Foreigners, treble Duty, and 500b

Schedule (D.) deemed Part of the Act.

Schedule (D.)

Duty for Profits of Property, See. on Persons refilling in Great Britain.

Duty for such Profits on Persons not refilling in Great Britain.

Such Duties shall extend to all Property not chargeable under Schedules A.B. §31. — C. $ 66. — D. §84. — E. §175.

Rules for ascertaining Duties. Computation of Duty on Trade, on a 3 Years* Average.

[inert//]

To what Persons Duty extends-

D£du£thns for Repairs, He. shall be on an Average for 3 Years.

No Deduction for Intered, except to Foreigner s<

Computation of Duty on Piofef- £on % on the felile preceding Year.

C. i2S. 430 GEORGII IIl. A.D. 1803.

ers are hereby required strictly to examine as to the Persons to whom such Annuities, Dividends, and Shares belong, and the respective Places of their ordinary Residences, and all other Cmmmstances necessary for their Information, and to require from the Cashier or Cashiers, or other Officers belonging to the respective Offices where such Dividends shall be payable, such Information respecting the same as the said Commissioners shall think necessary; and to grant to the Party making such Application a Certificate of such Exemption: Provided also, that where the Stock of any Person shall ftaud in the Name or Names of such Person, or of any other Person not resident in Great Britain, it shall be lawful for the Attorney, Agent, or Fador, having Authority by virtue of any Letters or Powers of Attorney to receive the Dividends arising from such Stock, to make such Application as aforesaid to the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, acting for the City of London; and on due Proof of the several Circumstances before required, the said Commissioners shall grant such Certificate as before directed, in order that such Exemptions may be duly carried into Effect-

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Stock for which any such Exemption shall have been obtained, or any Part thereof, shall be transferred or assigned to any Person or Persons, Corporation, Company, or Society whatever, the said Exemption shall cease: Provided always, that where the Whole of such Stock, or Interest therein, shall not be so transferred or assigned, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, on such Proof as is herein-before required on like Application for that Purpose, to grant a like Certificate for the Purpose of exempting the Remainder of such Stock, and so from Time to Time, so long as any Part of the said Stock shall continue to be entitled to the said Exemption.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, with Intention to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, falsely or fraudulently make any Claim of any such Annuity, Dividend, or Share of any such Annuity, as belonging to a Person not being a Subject of his Majesty, and not resident in Great Britain, contrary to the Intent of this Act, every such Person shall be liable to beaflefled in Treble the Duty to be charged on the said Annuities, Dividends, and Shares at the Rate prescribed by this Act, and shall moreover forfeit to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Schedule marked (D) herein after mentioned, and the Rules therein contained, shall be deemed and construed a Part of this Act, as if the same were herein inserted under a special Enadment.

SCHEDULE (D).

Upon the annual Profits or Gains, arising or accruing to any Person or Persons residing in Great Britain, from any Kind of Property whatever, whether situate in Great Britain or elsewhere, or from any Proses-fion, Trade, or Vocation, whether the same shall respectively be carried on in Great Britain or tlfe-where, there shall be charged for every twenty Shillings of the Amount of such Profits or Gains, the yearly Sum of one Shilling

And upon the annual Profits or Gains arising or accruing to any Person or Persons whatever, whether Subjects of his Majesty or not, although not resident within Great Britain, from any Property whatever in Great Britain, or any Profession, Trade, Employment, or Vocation, exercised in Great Britain, there shall be charged for every twenty Shillings of the Amount of such Profits or Gains, the yearly Sum of one Shilling, except the Interest of Debts due to Foreigners not resident in Great Britain.

Which last mentioned Duties shall extend to every Description of Property or Profits which shall not be chargeable or charged to either of the said Duties contained in Schedules (A), (B), or (C), and to every Description of Employment of Profit not chargeable or charged to the Duty herein after mentioned, contained in Schedule (Ej, and not specially exempted from the said respective Duties, and shall be charged annually on and paid by the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, Fraternities, Fellowships, Companies, or Societies, whether Corporate or not Corporate, receiving or entitled unto the fame, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns respectively.

Rules for ascertaining the said last mentioned Duties in the particular Cases herein mentioned.

First Case. — Duties to be charged in respect of any Trade or Manufacture.

First. — The Duty to be charged in respect thereof shall be computed on a Sum not less than the full Amount of the Profits or Gains of such Trade or Manufacture, upon a fair and just Average of three Years, ending on such Day of the Year [immediately preceding the Year*] on which the Accounts of the said Trade or Man 11 fa dure shall have been usually made up, or on the fifth Day of April, preceding the Time of making the Assessment, and shall be paid without other Deduction than is herein after allowed.

Second. — The said Duty shall extend to every Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, Fraternities, Fellowships, Companies, or Societies, and to every Art, Mystery, Adventure, or Concern, carried on by them respectively in Great Britain or elsewhere as aforesaid.

Third. — No Deaudions shall be made from such Profit or Gains «n account of any Sums expended for Repairs of Premises occupied for the Purpose of such Trade or Manufacture, nor for any Sum expended by them for the Supply or Repairs or Alterations of any Implements or Utensils, or Articles employed for the Purpose of such Trade or Manufacture, beyond ihe Sum usually expended for such Purposes, according to an Average of three Years preceding the Year in which such Assessment shall be made.

Fourth. — In estimating the Amount of the Profits and Gains arising as aforesaid, no Deduction shall he made on account of any annual Interest, or any Annuity, Allowance or Stipend, payable out of such Profits or Gains, except the Interest of Debts due to Foreigners not resident in Great Britain.

Second Case. — The Duty to be charged in respect of Professions, Employments, or Vorations.

First. — The Duty to be charged in respect thereof shall be computed at a Sum not less than the first Amount of the Profits, Gains, and Emoluments of such Professions, Employments, or Vocations, within the preceding Year, ending as in the first Case, to be paid on the actual Amount of such Profits or Gains, without any Deduction.

Third

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 122.

Third Case. — The Duty to he charged in respect of Property of an uncertain annual Value, not charged

in Schedule (A).

The Duty to be charged in respect thereof shall be computed at a Sum not less than the full Amount of the Profits or Gains arising therefrom, within the preceding Year, ending as in the fifft Case, to be paid on the actual Amount of such Profits or Gains, without any Deduction, except in the Cases of all Mines herein enumerated, the Duty whereon shall be computed on an Average of the five preceding Years ending as aforesaid, and not otherwise: Provided, that if it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, that any Mine has from some unavoidable Cause been decreased, and is decreasing in the annual Value thereof, so that the Average of five Years will not give a fair and just Estimate of the annual Value thereof, it shall be lawful to compute such annual Value on the actual Amount of the Profits and Gains in the preceding Year, ending as aforesaid, subject to such Abatement on account of Diminution of such Profits within the current Year as is herein provided in other Cases; provided also, that where any Mine, which shall have been worked within such preceding Periods as aforesaid respectively, shall from some unavoidable Cause have wholly failed, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, on due Proof thereof, to discharge any Assessment to be made thereon under either of the preceding Rules.

Fourth Case. — The Duty to be charged in respect of Interest arising from Secunties in Ireland, or in the British Plantations in America, of in any other of his Majesty's Dominions out of Great Britain, and foreign Securities.

The Duty to be charged in respect thereof shall be computed on a Sum not less than the Whole and just Sum and Sums (so far as the same can be computed) which have been or will be received in Great Britain, in the current Year, without any Dedu6lion or Abatement.

Fifth Case. — The Duty to be charged in respect of Poffiffions in Ireland, or in the British Plantations in America, or in any other of his Majesty's Dominions out of Great Britain, and foreign Possessions.

The Duty to be charged in respect thereof shall be computed at not less than the full Amount of the actual Sums annually received in Great Britain, either for Remittances from thence payable in Great Britain, or from Property imported from thence into Great Britain, or from Money or Value received in Great Britain, and arising from Property of any Person or Persons, which shall not have been imported into Great Britain, computing the same on an Average of the three preceding Years, as directed in the first Case, without Deduction or Abatement.

Sixth Case.-^-77r Duty to be charged in respect of any annual Profits or Gains not falling under any of the foregoing Rules, and not charged by virtue of any of the other Schedules contained in this Act.

The Nature of such Profits or Gains, and the Grounds on which the Amount of the Duty chargeable thereon shall have been computed, and the Average taken thereon (if any), shall be stated to the Commissioners, and the Computation shall be made on the Amount of the full Value of the Profits and Gains received annually, or according to such Average as aforesaid, as shall be directed by the said Commissioners, to the bell of the Knowledge and Belief of the Person or Persons in Receipt of the same, or entitled thereto.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That' any Subject of his Majesty, whose ordinary Residence shall have been in Great Britain, and who shall have dt^parted from Great Britain and gone into any Parts beyond the Seas for the Purpose only of occasional Residence at the Time of the Execution of this A£, shall be deemed, notwithstanding such temporary Absence, a Person chargeable to the Duties mentioned in Schedule (D), as a Person actually residing in Great Britain, and shall be assessed and charged accordingly (in Manner herein after directed*) upon the whole Amount of his or her Profits or Gains, whether the same shall arise from Property in Great Britain or elsewhere, or from any Allowance, Annuities, or Stipends, except as herein is excepted, or from any Profession, Employment, Trade, or Vocation, in Great Britain, or elsewhere.

JLXXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall, on or after the passing of this Act, actually be in Great Britain for some temporary Purpose only, and not with any View or Intent of establishing his or her Residence therein, and who shall not actually have resided in Great Britain for the Period of fix successive Calendar Months, shall be charged with the said last mentioned Duties as a Person residing in Great Britain, in respect of the Profits or Gains received from or out of any PcfTefiions in Ireland, or any foreign Possessions, or from Securities in Ireland, or foreign Securities; but nevertheless, every such Person shall, after such six Months* Residence therein, be chargeable for the same from the Commencement of the Year, in case, such Person shall have been then resident in Great Britain; or if not so resident, then from the Period of his or her having come into Great Britain.

LfXXXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Person who shall depart from Great Britain, after claiming such Exemption, and shall again return to Great Britain before the fifth Day of April next after such Claim made, shall be chargeable to the said Duties as a Person residing in Great Britain for the Whole of the Year in which such CJhim shall have been made. Exemption claimed

JLXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Companies, Fraternities, Fellowships, or Societies of Persons, whether Corporate or not Corporate, shall be chargeable with such and the like Duties as any Person or Persons will under and by virtue of this Act, be chargeable with; and that the Chamberlain or.other Officer acting as Treasurer, Auditor, or Receiver, for the Time being, of every such Corporation, Company, Fraternity, Fellowship, or Society, shall be answerable for doing all such Acts, Matters, and Things, as shall be required to be done by virtue of this Act, in order to the al-it fling such Corporations, C^panies, Fraternities, Fellowships, or Societies, to the Duties granted by this Act, and paying the same.

LXXXIX. And be it further em&ed, That the Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians, Tutor or 'X'utors, Curator or Curators, Committee of Committees, of any Person or Persons, being Infants, or married "VToineni Lunaticks, Idiots, 04 ln£ane, having the Direction, Controul, or Management of the Property or

Concerns

1031

Schedule (D.)

Computation of Duty on uncertain Profits on the pjeceding Year j except Mines, to be on an Average of 5 Years; other than Mines failing, in Part or wholly.

Computaiion of Dufy from Securities in Ireland See. (J>c $ 97.1* on the Receipts in the current Year.

Com; utation of Duty from PoT-sessions in Ireland, See. (J'i'c §97.), on Ave-lage Receipts of 3 preceding Years.

Computation of Duty on undescribed Profits, on annual Receipts, &c.

Temporary Ab-ftntees shall La charged as Rciidents.

Temporary Re-lid cr, is shall not be charged until after fu Moutits* Residence.

[6>r* ns to lr>Jh Op'x-Tsoj SLulf,

§ 95*J

Persons returning to Great Britain before rth April alter shall he charged.

Corporations shall he charged to the Duties payable by them, through their Officers.

Trustees and Guardians shall, be charged to the Duttei ou-

account of Infants, kc.

Receivers shall be charged for Per suns not re/U ding in Great Britain.

Receivers shall be charged for Trust Property under Controul of the Court of Chancery, &c.

How married Women trading as foie, or living with their Husbands, shall be charged.

Trustees of Persons of full Age residing in Great Britain shall deliver their Names and Re-/idences only.

All Trustees and

all Officers of Corporations may retain the Duty out of Trust Property.

Profits arising from Lands belonging to publick Companies may le ail't-ffed by Commissioner*.

(See () ny.)

Duty on Trade shall be charged on Individuals separately from Duty on Lands, &c.

C. 122. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Concerns of such Infants, married Women, Lunaticks, Idiots, or xn&ne Persons, whether such Infants, married Women, Lunaticks, Idiots, or insane Persons, shall reside in Great Britain or not, shall be chargeable to the said last mentioned Duties, in like Manner and to the same Amount as would be charged-if such Infants were of full Age, or such married Women were foie, or such Lunaticks, Idiots, or insane Persons, were capable to act for themselves; and any Person or Persons not resident in Great Britain, whether Subjects of his Majesty or not, shall be chargeable in the Name or Names of such Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians, Tutor or Tutors, Curator or Curators, Committee or Committees, or of any Agent or Agents, or Receiver or Receivers, having the Receipt of any Profits or Gains arising as herein-mentioned, and belonging to such Person or Persons, in the like Manner and to the like Amount as would be charged if such Persons were resident in Great Britain, and in the actual Receipt thereof; and dvery such Trustee, Guardian, Tutor, Curator, Committee, Agent, or Receiver, shall be answerable for the doing all such Acts, Matters, and Things, as shall be required to be done by virtue of this Act, in order to the assessing such Persons to the Duties granted by this Act, and paying the same.

XC. And be it further enacted, That the Receiver or Receivers appointed by the Court of Chancery, or by any other Court in Great Britain, having the Direction and Controul of any Property in respect whereof a Duty is charged as last mentioned, whether the Title to such Property shall be uncertain or not, or subject to any Contingency or ndt, or be depending, or be not ascertained by reason of any Dispute or other Cause, shall be chargeable to the said Duties in like Manner, and to the like Amount, as w'ould be charged if the said Property was not under the Direction and Controul of such Court, and the Title thereto was certain, and not subject to any Contingency whatever; and every such Receiver shall be answerable for doing all such Matters and Things as shall be required to be done by virtue of this Act, in order to the assessing the Duties granted by this Act, and paying the same.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That any married Woman acting as a foie Trader by the Custom of any City or Place, or otherwise, shall be chargeable to such and the like Duties, and in like Marnier, except as herein after is mentioned, as if (he was actually foie and unmarried: Provided always, that any married Woman living with her Husband, shall be charged in the Name of the Husband, and not of her Trustee or Trustees.

XCII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Trustee (except such Trustees who shall have authorized the Receipt of the Profits arising from Trust Property, by the Person or Persons entitled thereunto, or his, her, or their respective Agent or Agents, and which Person or Persons shall actually receive the same under such Authority), and every Agent or Receiver (except Bankers, or Persons acting as such, and receiving Property for which such Bankers or Persons aforesaid shall be accountable), of any Person or Persons being of full Age, and resident in Great Britain (other than married Women, Lunaticks, Idiots, and insane Persons), shall return a List, in the Manner herein after required, of the Names and Refldences of such Persons, without being required to do any other Act for the Purpose of assessing such Persons, unless the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act in respect of the Assessment to be made on such Persons shall require the Testimony of such Trustees, Agents, or Receivers, in pursuance of the Directions herein after given.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Person being Trustee, Agent, or Receiver, Guardian, Tutor, Curator, or Committee, of or for any Person or Persons, shall be afiefled as herein after mentioned, in respect to such Person or Persons; or where any Chamberlain, Treasurer, or other Officer of any Corporation, Company, Fraternity, or Society, shall be so assessed in respect of such Corporation, Company, Fraternity, or Society as aforesaid; then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for every Person or Persons who shall be so afiefled, by and out of the Money which shall come to his or her Hands as such Trustee, Agent, or Receiver, Guardian, Tutor, Committee, or Curator, as aforesaid, or as such Chamberlain, Treasurer, Clerk, or other Officer, to retain so much and such Part thereof from Time to Time as shall be sufficient to pay such Assessment; and every such Trustee, Agent, or Receiver, Guardian, Tutor, Committee, or Curator, Chamberlain, Treasurer, Clerk, or other Officer, shall be, and they are hereby respectively indemnified against all and every Person and Persons, Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, or Societies whatsoever, for all Payments which they shall respectively make in pursuance and by virtue of this Act.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That the Profits of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, occupied by any Company of Persons engaged in Trade or Manufacture, or any Adventure or or Concern established by Act of Parliament, or Charter, or being otherwise of a publick Nature, may, under the Regulations herein after contained, be dated and afiefled to and by the Commissioners hereby appointed; and the Clerk, Treasurer, Auditor, or Receiver of such Company, shall be answerable for doing all such Acts, Matters, and Things, as shall be required to be done by virtue of this Act, in order to the afleUing such Companies in respect of such Profits to the said last mentioned Duties, and paying the same; and that no such Company who shall duly return or cause to be returned such Profits to the Commissioners for executing this Act shall be liable to be assessed for the Profits arising from the same Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, to any other Duties granted by this Act; provided no such Company shall be liable to be charged as herein after mentioned, for such Part of the Profits of their Trade, Manufacture, Adventure, or Concern, as shall be payable to any Officer of such Company for his Salary or Wages, who shall be duly charged to the same by the Commissioners for executing this Act, in respect of Offices or Employments of Profit.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That the Computation of the Duty to be ckarged in respect of any Pro-session, Trade, or Manufacture, or any Adventure or Concern, whether carried on by any Person singly, or by any one or more Persons jointly, shall be made exclusive of the Profits or Gains arising from Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments occupied by joint Partners for the Purpose of such Profeifion, Trade, or Manufac-

7 4ure;

A.D. 180s* '43° GEORGII III. C. 122.

ture; and the Computation of Duty arising in respect of any Trade or Manufacture carried on by two or more Persons jointly, shall be made and iiated jointly, and in one Sum, and Separately and ditlinftly from any other Duty chargeable on the same Persons, or either or any of them; and that the Return of the Partner who shall be first named in the Deed, Instrument, or other Argreement of Co-partnership (or where there shall be no such Deed, Instrument, or Agreement, then of the Partner who shall be named singly, or with Precedence to the other Partner or Partners in the usual Name, Style, or Firm of such Copartnerffiip, or where such precedent Partner shall not be an acting Partner, then of the precedent acting Partner), and who shall be resident in Great Britain, and who is hereby required to make such Return on Behalf of himself and the other Partner or Partners, whose Names and Residences shall also be declared in such Return, shall be Sufficient Authority to charge such Partners jointly: Provided always, that where no such Partner shall be resident in Great Britawy then the Statements shall be prepared and delivered by their Agent, Manager, or Factor, resident in Great Britain, jointly for such Partners, and Such joint Assessments shall be made in the Partnership Name, Style, Firm, or Description 2 Provided also, that if the said Partners shall declare the Proportions of their respective Shares in such Profession or Concern, in order to a Separate Assessment, it shall be lawful to charge them Separately and respectively, at the Rate which such Proportions shall be chargeable with by virtue of this Act; but if no such Declaration be made, then such Assessment shall be made jointly, according to the Amount of the Profits and Gains of such Partnership 2 Provided also, that any joint Partner in such Profession or Concern, which shall have been already returned by such precedent Partner as aforesaid, may return his Name and Plaoe of Abode, and that he is such Partner, without returning the Amount of Duty payable in respect thereof, unless the Commissioners respectively shall think proper to require further Returns 5 in which Case it shall be lawful for such Commissioners to require from every Such Partner the like Returns, and the like Information and Evidence, as they are hereby entitled to require from the Partner making the Return of Duty.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That if amongst any Persons engaged in any Profession, Trade, or Manufacture in Partnership together, any Change shall take place in any such Partnership, either by Death or Dissolution of Partnership, as to all or any of the Partners, or by admitting any other Partner therein, before the Time of making the Assessment, or within the Period for which the Assessment ought to be made under this Act, or if any Person shall have succeeded to any Profession, Trade, or Manufacture, or any Adventure or Concern within such respective Periods as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said respective Commissioners, and they, and also the Party or Parties interested, and every Officer acting in the Execution of this Act, shall compute and ascertain the Duty payable in respect o( such Partnership, or any of such Partners, or any Person succeeding to such Profession, Trade, or Manufacture, or Adventure or Concern, according to the Profits and Gains of such Business, derived during the respective Periods herein mentioned, notwithstanding such Change therein, or Succession to such Business as aforesaid; unless such Partners or Partner, or such Person succeeding to such Business as aforesaid, shall prove to the Satisfaction of the said respective Commissioners that the Profits and Gains of such Business have fallen short, or will fall short, from some specifick Cause to be alleged to them since such Change or Succession took place, or by reason thereof.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That the Duty to be assessed by virtue of this Act, in respect of the Profits or Gains arising from Possessions or Securities in Ireland*, or in the British Plantations in America, or in any other of his Majesty's Dominions out of Great Britain, upon any Person resident in Great Britain as aforesaid, may be dated to and assessed by the respective additional Commissioners acting for the respective Places where the Persons receiving or entitled unto the same shallrefide, under the Regulations herein after mentioned; and if the same shall be received by any Agent, Attorney, or Factor, such Agent, Attorney, or Factor* shall make such Return of the Name and Place of Abode of the Person entitled thereto, as is herein required to be made of other Persons of full Age resident in Great Britain, or if not of full Age, shall be answerable for doing all Acts, Matters, and Things, as shall be required by this Act to be done, in order to the afieffing such Profits to the said last mentioned Duties, and paying the same.

XCVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the respective Persons holding Offices in Irt-landy or serving in Parliament, who shall or may be exempted from any Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, shall, under the like Circumstances under which such Exemptions are to be claimed, be chargeable to the Duties'under this Act only, in like Manner as Subjects of his Majesty re-siding out of Great Britain reading out of Great Britain. [See $ 84.3, andfee 43 G. 3.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That the Duty to be assessed by virtue of this Act, in respect of the Profits or Gains arising from foreign Possessions or foreign Securities, may be Hated to and assessed by the respective Commissioners acting for the respective Places herein after mentioned ( videlicet )f London, BrijloU Liverpool9 and Gla/gowy according to the Regulations herein after mentioned, as if such Duty had been aileffed upon the Profits or Gains arising from Trade or Manufacture carried on in such Places respectively, and such Duty shall be dated to and assessed and charged by the Commissioners acting for such of the said Places at or neared to which such Property shall have been hrd imported into Great Britain, or at or neared to which the Person who shall have received such Remittances, Money, or Value from thence, and arising from Property not imported as aforesaid, shall reside; and in Default of the Owner or Proprietor thereof being charged, the Trustee, Agent, or Receiver of such Profits or Gains, shall be charged for the fame, and shall be answerable for the doing 4II such Acts, Matters, and Things, as shall be required by this Act to be done, in order to the afieffing such Profits to the Duties granted by this Act, and paying the fame, whether the Person or Persons to whom the said Profits belong shall be resident in Great Britain or not.

C. And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in refbeft of the Annuities payable to the said Company at the Receipt of the Exchequer, commonly callfed Bank Stocky the Directors of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, in respect of the Annuities payable to the said Company at the said Receipt, commonly called East India Stocky and the Governors and Directors of the Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, In respect of the AdnuitierpayaMe to 43 Geo. III. 6(^. the

1033

Partners shall be charged jointly, unleD they declare their re-fpciflive Shared The Return (hiU Le made by the first acting Partner resident in Great Britain-f Sec Schedule it. No. 7, 8, 9.]

Or, if none rest* dent, by an Agent.

Returns by Junior Partners^ in fume Cases*-

On Change in Part n^erfliipi, the Duly shall be changed on the Profits of the Business antecedent to the Change, unless in case of specifick Diminution {See §16 2.)

Profits of Possessions in Ireland, Sec. shall be assessed in Great Britain, whera the Party is re* fident.

Officers of State fur Ireland, &c. though residing' in Great Britain, shall be chargeable as Subjects M6r. Sched. L.

Profits of foreign Possessions may he assessed in London, Brifto), Liverpool, or Glasgow, according to ihe Importances ot Remittances.

The Bank, and the East India' atld South Sea' Companies, shall make Statements of tbs

1034

commcrcialPro-jfit of iheir Stocky distinct from their other Profits, for which they shall be charged in London, and deduct the Amount from the Dividends.

Forjfit* arising from Canals shall be changed as Profits of Trade.

Mines, Mills, Works, Sec. shall be charged according to 3d Case in Schedule (D.)

84-

Works and Engines, kt irt a certain {lent, may also be charged according to the same Rule, where the Rent is not a ti ue Criterion,

Profits from Quarries,

Mines, &c. uncertain in their annual Value,

&c. shall be charged in the Diiirift where fttuate, as Profits from Trade. IS" § JT.]

For levying the Duties in Schedule (D.), additional Commissioners (fee^24, $Cc.) shall summon Affeflois, and administer Oath to them

I/* §.1330* ynd^ive them their Warrant* and loft i a&tons. AffoTors shall fix general Kotices on Church Doors, &c. rftjuiring Persons to deliver Lifts within i 1 Days.

Cs«j«33»#<.)

C. 122. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

the said Company at the said Receipt, commonly called South Sea Stocl, shall respectively $ause Statements to be made on the Amount of the said respective Annuities, as arising from the Trade and Commerce carried on by such Companies respectively; but nevertheless, separate and distinct from the Amounts of any other annual Profits and Gains in respect of the Trade and Commerce of such Companies respectively; and shall respectively be charged for the same by the Commissioners acting as aforesaid for the City of London, in one Assessment, by one Sum, at the Rate herein-before prescribed, on the Whole of the Dividends received by the said respective Companies, without Abatement or Deduction; and the proper Officer or Person employed in the Payment of Dividends on such Annuities, is hereby authorized to retain and deduct out of such Dividends a proportionate Part in respect of the Duty so assessed; and such Officer and Person aforesaid, and all others employed on Behalf of the said Companies, and the Governors and Directors thereof respectively, is and are hereby indemnified for such Deductions; and the Persons demanding such Dividends are hereby required to allow such Deductions on the Receipt of the Residue of such Dividends, and shall give Acquittance* for the fame, as if the Whole of the said Dividends had been paid to them respectively.

CL. And be it further enacted, That the Profits arifingfirom any Canals, Inland Navigations or Streams of Water, or from any Docks, or Water Works df a publick Nature, and belonging to any Company of Proprietors, whether Corporate or not Corporate, shall be dated in one Account to and charged by the Commissioners for executing this Act, acting for the City, Town, or Place, at or neared to the Place where the general Accounts shall have been usually made up, and not elsewhere, as Profits arising from Trade, according to the Regulations herein prescribed'foraffeffing the Profits arising from Trade.

CII. And be it further enacted, That all Mines of Coal, Tin, Lead, Copper, Mundic, Iron, and other Mines, all Iron Mills, Furnaces, and other Iron Works, and other Mills and Engines of the like Nature, and all Salt Spring* and Salt Works, all Alum Mines and Alum Works, all Waterworks, Streams of Water, Canals, Inland Navigations, and Docks, carried on as a Trade by the Owner or Owners thereof, shall be assessed and charged to the said Duties under the Rule in the third Case, in the Schedule marked (X>.); and where any such Property shall be let in any other Manner than at a certain annual Rent, the Duty in respect of the Property shall be charged and a(TefTed in the like Manner; and in every Case where such Properties shall be let to a Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, whether at a Rent certain or not, and the same mall be worked and carried on as a Trade, the Duty chargeable on such Lessee or Lessee3, Tenant or Tenants, shall also be charged and assessed in like Manner according to the Rule in the third Case before mentioned.

ClII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Mills, Furnaces, Works, Engines, Bridges, or Ferries, shall be let in such Manner, or under such Terms, Covenants, or Conditions, that the Rent thereof, although certain, shall not, in the Judgment of the Commissioners, onoccasion of such Terms, Covenants, or Conditions of letting, afford a just Rule for estimating the annual Value thereof, it shall be law-fuLfbr the said Commissioners, having received the Return of the Proprietor, Owner, Lessor, or Landlord thereof, of the Amount of the annual Value thereof, estimated according to the Rule in the said third Case, together with the Grounds for such Computation, and on Proof to their Satisfaction that the same cannot be justly Charged on the Amount of Inch Rent, to chaise and assess the Duty in respect of the Property thereof, upon such Proprietor, Owner, Lessor, or Landlord, according to the said Rule 5 any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That the Profits arising to the Proprietors of any Quarries of Stone, Slate,

Limestone, or Chalk, or from any Mines of Coal, Tin, Lead, Copper, Mundic, Iron, and other Mines,r from any Salt Springs or Salt Works, or from any Alum Mines, or Alum Works, where the same shall be uncertain in the annual Value thereof, or shall not be let at a Rent to be ascertained according to the Rules in Schedule (A.) before mentioned; and also the Profits arising to any Lessees, Renters, or Tenants, of the Properties before.described, or toany Company of Adventurers therein, shall be dated to and charged by the Commissioners for executing this Act, in the District where such last mentioned Properties are fitualr, -as Profits arising from Trade according to the Regulations herein prescribed for afieffing the Profits arising from Trade.

CV. And be it further enacted, That for the ordering, raising, and levying the Duties contained in Schedule (D.), the said additional Commissioners shall, at the first Meeting to be held under this Act, or at a Meeting to be appointed for that Purpose, or any two of them present at such Meeting, direct their Precept or Precepts to such Person and Persons as the Commissioners for the Purpose6 of this Act shall have -appointed Assessor or Assessors for the Execution of this Act, or in case no such Appointment shall have been made, then to the Assessor or Assessors for the Land Tax, the Duties on Houses and Windows, or any other Duties charged by Assessment in their respective Districts, requiring them to appear before the said additional Commissioners at such Time and Place as they shall appoint, and shall at such their Appearance admininfttr to them the Oath required to be taken by this Act, and issue to them their Warrants of Appointment-; as Assessors in the Execution of this Act, signed by two or more of the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and such Instructions duly filled up as shall be necessary for carrying this Act into Execution.

CVI. And be it further cnadlcu, That the Assessors to be appointed to execute this Act shall, within therf, ime and in the Manner directed by the Precept of the additional Commissioners under this Act, cause general Notices to be affixed on the Door of the Church or Chapel and Market House or Cross (if any) of the City, Town, Parish, or Dace for which such Assessors act, and if such City, Town, Parish, or Place shall not have a Church or Chape), or Market House or Cross, then on the nearest Church or Chapel to such City, Town, P*fish, or Place, requiring all Persons who are by this Act required to make out and deliver any List, Declaration or 'Statement, to make out and deliver to the respective Commissioners, or to their Clerk at their respective Offices, to be described in such Notice, all such Lifts, Declarations, and Statements accordingly, within such Time as shall be limited by such Precept, and which shall not in any Case be later than twenty^one Days from the Date oI such Precept; and such general Notices shall,

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 122.

when the same shall be made as aforesaid, be deemed sufficient Notice to all Persons resident in such City, Town, Parish, or Place, and the affixing the same in Manner aforesaid shall be deemed good Service of such Notice; and the said respective Assessors shall cause the said Notices to be from Time to Time replaced (if necessary) for the Space of ten Days before the Time required for the Delivery of such Lifts, Declarations, and Statements as aforesaid; and every Person wilfully tearing, defacing, or obliterating any such Notice so affixed, during the said Space of ten Days, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered under the said recited Acts respectively.

CVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Assessors shall, within the like Time after receiving the Precept of the Commissioners under this Act, give Notice to every Householder, or Occupier of any Apartment where the Dwelling House shall be let in different Apartments, and to every Lodger, Inmate, or other Person chargeable to the said Duties, and residing within the Limits of the said Places where such Assessors shall aA, or leave the same at his or her Dwelling House or Place of Residence, requiring every such Person to prepare and deliver to the respective additional Commissioners, or to their Clerk at their respective Offices, to be described in such Notices, all such Lifts, Declarations, and Statements, as they are respectively required to do by this A A, within such Time as shall be limited by such Precept within the Period before mentioned; and if any Person residing within any Parish or Place at the Time such general Notice as aforesaid shall be given, or to whom such Notice shall be personally given, or at whose Dwelling House or Place of Residence the same shall be left, ft)all refuse or neglect to make out such Lifts, Declarations, or Statements as may be applicable to such Person, and as the Case may require, and deliver the same to the additional Commissioners appointed for the said Duties, or at their Office, of which Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, within the Time limited in such Notice, then such additional Commissioners shall forthwith issue a Summons under their Hands, or the Hands df any two or more-of them, to all such Persons making Default as aforesaid, in order that the Penalty for such Refusal or NegltA may be duly levied.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person when required so to do by any Notice given in pur-fuaoce of this A A, shall, within the Period to be mentioned in such Notice, prepare and deliver to the Assessor or Assessors of the Parish or Place where such Person shall reside, a List in Writing, containing to the best of his or her Belief, the proper Name and Names of every Lodger, Inmate, and other Person being of full Agfc (except of his or her Servants, not having to the best of his or her Belief any Property or Profits chargeable by virtue of this Act to the said last mentioned Duties), which Lift shall be signed by the Party delivering the fame; and shall at the same Time also deliver to the said Assessor or Assessors, a Declaration stating in what Manner he or she intends to be charged to the said Duties contained in Schedule (D), and whether by the Commissioners appointed as aforesaid, or by Reference as herein after mentioned; which Lifts shall severally be made out in such Form &9 shall be directed under the Authority of this Act.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be in the Receipt of any Money or Value, or the Profits or Gains arising from any of the Sources mentioned in Schedule (D), chargeable by this Act, on or belonging to any other Person or Persons, in whatever CharaAer the same shall be received, (except Bankers, or Persons aAingas such as aforesaid, ) being required so to do in Manner before mentioned, shall within the like Period prepare and deliver to the Assessor or Assessors of the Parish, Ward, or Place where he or she shall reside, and to whom the same ought to be delivered, a List in Writing in such Form as aforesaid, signed by Kim or her, containing the Name and Names and Places of Abode of each and every Person to whom any such Property shall belong, together with a Declaration whether such Person is of full Age, or a married Woman living with her Husband, or resident in Great Britain^ or an Infant, Idiot, Lunatick, or insane Person, or a married Woman for whose Payment of the Duty hereby charged on her the Husband is not accountable by this A A*, in order that such Person, according to a Statement to be delivered as herein mentioned, may be charged either in the Name of the Person delivering such Lift, if the same shall be so chargeable, or in the Name of the Person or Persons to whom such Property shall belong, if of full Age and resident in Great Britain, and the same be so chargeable by this Act; and every Person aAing in such CharaAer jointly with any other Person or Persons shall deliver a List of the Name or Names and Place or Places of Abode of the Person or Persons joined with him or her at the Time of delivering such Lift, and to the same Persons to whom such Lift (halt be delivered.

CX. c And whereas several Persons exercising Professions or Trades, or possessing Property chargeable to

the Duties mentioned in Schedule (D), and certain Trading or Commercial Corporations, Companies, or Societies, chargeable to the said Duties, may be desirous of contributing their full Share to the Supplies hereby

granted in respect thereof, without the lnveftigation of their Means, under the Powers given to Commissioners and others by virtue of this Act, as herein after mentioned; and it is expedient to enable such Persons, either for themselves, or on Behalf of othere exercising the like Professions or Trades, or possessing the like Property,

for whom they aA in any of the CharaAers before described, and also such Corporations, Companies, or

Societies, to pay their Contributions, in the Manner most convenient to themselves be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Person or Persons, either on his, her, or their own Account, or on the Account of others as aforesaid, or on the Account of such Corporations, Companies, or Societies, wkbin the Time herein after limited for making Returns of the said Duty payable by them or for which they are accountable, in lieu of such Returns, to deliver to the Commissioners, for the Purposes of this Act, or to their Clerk at their Office, a Declaration in Writing, signed by him, her, or them respectively, to the Effect after mentioned; and every Person delivering such Declaration, and pursuing the Regulations of this Act, and paying the Contributions, fixed and ascertained according to such Regulations, without Fraud, shall be wholly discharged from any further Assessment, on account of the Duties contained in the said last-mentioired Schedule under this A A, for the Year in which such Contribution shall be made.

6 CL 2 CXI. And

1935

Such general Notice suffit ictit to all Panic concerned.

Penalty on do* facing lame. j, yr exceeding

A (Teflon shallI deliver Notices to Persons chargeable, >vho shall deliver Statements to additional Com-rr iflioneiS.

[Sr§ 115, 6.V. & H3-]

Persons negle<f>-ing to deliver Lifts. &c. shall be summoned.by Commissioners, that the Penalty (Jee § iiS.) may be levied.

Persons shall deliver Lists of Lodgeis and Inmates (except Servants), and a Declaration bow the > Party intends to be charged to the Duties in Schedule (D.) $«4.

Persons ailing for others (except Bankers), shall deliver in Lifts, in order to the Duty being duly charge^ on the Parties liable*

Trustees shall state the Names, &c. of their Co-Truflc e».

For nfemaininf Contributions, l»y Reference, instead of Ailcif-menu;

Parties may deliver certain 1 Declarations to Commi fti on ers J

and on Payment of ContrihutiW under subsequent Regulations, shall bo*discharged from AfTcftmei*.

Form of Declaration on proposing Referees. I Sr Hehed. (G.) Ko. x x«J

7V.*o Referees lK.Ji be named by the Paity.

Commissioners, at aTVIeeiing appointed, may approve or rejert Referees, and in the latter Case, in Default of the Party, may appoint others.

Referees shall be fwoi n.

Referees Hull Sake Account of the annual Profits of the Party, and allow Deductions only according to the Art.

Referees agreeing shall deliver a Certificate of Amount of Contribution within*ten Days after Reference.

IRirf fee §114.]

On which Comissioners shall make Afltff-ment,

and deliver Certificate numbered (fee $ i66.>; whereon

Amount of Assessrnentmay be paid into the Bank, or to the Receiver General, or to Collector.

I. te §169.]

ft ee §174.]

i (s ee §2x0.]

CXI. And be it further enacted, That every such Declaration shall contain the Place of Abode of the Party whose Signature shall be subscribed thereto, and also the Name and Place of Abode of every other Person or Persons aforesaid, on whose Account such Declaration shall be delivered, and the Character in which he, she, or they act for such other Person or Persons, or the Description of the Corporation, Company, or Society, for whom he, she, or they aft, and also the patticular Profession, Trade, Employment, or Vocation, (if any, ) exer* cifed, or carried on by him, her, or them, and the Place and Places of exercising or carrying on the fame, without specifying any Sum or Amount of his, her, or their Profits or Gains arising therefrom; and also any other Source or Sources from which any Profits or Gains, however arising, are chargeable as aforesaid, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, as falling within any of tfic Rules or Cases contained in the Schedule, marked (D), to this Act annexed, without specifying the Amount thereof; and shall in such Declaration name two reputable Persons to be his, her, or their Referees (Regard being had to the Condition of the Party proposing such Reference, and thp Source and Sources from which their Profits to be charged are derived), for settling and ascertaining the Sums which such Person or Persons ought to contribute ip Satisfaction and Discharge of the said Duties by this Act imposed as last aforesaid, and who are willing to accept such Reference, 'and such Declaration shall be made in such Form as shall be directed under the Authority of this Act, with a proper Intimation of the respective Placec of Abode of such Referees.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Receipt of any such Declarations, the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, shall appoint Meetings for taking the same into Consideration, and it shall be competent to them, or the major Part of them then present, by their Order in Writing under the Hands of any two or more of them, delivered to the Party applying for such Reference, to approve or to reject, without affigaing tiny Cause, either or both of the Persons proposed as such Referees, in either of which last Cases the Party who 'Aall have proposed such Referees shall be obliged to name another Referee or Referees, in Place of the Person or Persons rejected, within a Time to be fixed by such Commissioners } and unless a Referee or Referees as aforesaid shall be named, who shall be accepted by the said Commissioners, who shall have in such Case the like Power of Rejection as on the first Nomination, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners, and they are hereby required, to name any one or two Persons (being not Revenue Officers, nor Persons carrying on the feme Trade or Manufactures with the Party applying for such Reference, unless approved by such Party), and whom the said Commissioners shall think fit to be the Referees for the Purposes of settling the Amount of such 'Contribution as aforesaid, as the Case may require; and such Referees, before they shall begin to act therein, shall, on Notice to them, appear before the said Commissioners, and take the Oath, or subscribe the Affirmation in the Schedule to this Act annexed, applicable to such Case; and such Referees, being accepted or appointed -as aforesaid, and having taken the said Oath or subscribed the said Affirmation as aforesaid, shall and are hereby authorized to execute this Act according to the Powers vested in such Referees, and shall proceed with Dib-gence in the Reference entrusted to them, and the Party to such Reference shall attend them at such Times and Place as they shall appoint, and such Referees shall take an Account of the annual Profits and Gains of the Party to such Reference, or which he, she, or they, shall be accountable for in any of the Characters before described, and which might be charged under this Act as last aforesaid; and in taking such Account, shall allow no other Deductions than such as are allowed by this Act; and if such Referees shall upon such Inquiry be satisfied that no Fraud or Concealment hath been practised or used in rendering such Account, and that to the bell of their Belief and Judgment, a full, true, and faithful Account hath been rendered according to this Act, and shall agree in the Sum to be fixed for such Contribution as aforesaid for one Year, it shaft be lawful for them, and they are hereby required to make out a Certificate thereof under their Hands, dating the Order of the said Commissioners under their proper Description, and the Amount of the Sum so settled and ascertained for such Contribution, with the Name and Place of Abode of the Party in the Reference, which Certificate shall be made in such Form as shall be directed under the Authority of this Act; and they shall cause the same to be delivered to the said Commissioners, or at their Office, within the Time limited by the said Commissioners in their said Order, such Time not in any Case being later than ten Days after the Date of such Order, unless further Time shall be given for that Purpose as herein after mentioned; and upon the Receipt of such Certificate, the said Commissioners shall make an Assessment on the Party in such Reference in the Amount of the Sum so certified, which Assessment shall have the like Force and Eftest as if the Amount thereof had teen ascertained by the said Commissioners under the Powers contained in this Act j and the like Certificate of such Assessment under a Number or Letter as herein after is directed, shall be delivered to the Party in such Reference by the said Commissioners, in order that the Sum in the said Assessment may be paid within thfc Times and in the Manner directed by this Act, in other Cases of Assessment by such Commissioners; and the said Assessment shall oblige the Party in such Reference, and shall be an Authority to him, her, or them, oil Production of the Certificate thereof, to pay into the Bank of England, or to the Receiver General, or hi* Deputy appointed by this Act*, or to the Collector or Collectors of the Place, the Amount of the Sum contained in such Certificate, either in Advance under such Terms as are herein after allowed in other Cases of Payment of Money in Advanced, or by Instalments, in the like Manner and at such Times as are herein after fixed J for the Payment of the said Duties, which shall be assessed by Commissioners by virtue of the Powers herein after contained; provided that where such Money shall be paid in Advance, in order to the receiving any Discount as herein after mention^, the same shall be paid either in the Bank of England, or to the Receiver General, or to such Deputy Receiver as aforesaid.

Payments in Advance shall be made to the Bank, or to Receiver General.

Where Referee* cannot agree, a third may be appointed.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case such Referees shall not agree in the Sum to be contributed, and the Party in such Reference shall be desirous of having a third Referee to act with the others before appointed, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to appoint any Person, named by such Referees, or, at the

Election

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 122.

1037

Determination of 1 wo of them shall be binding.

Time (not exceeding lix Wteks) may be given to Referees to make their Determination. [&<? §11 a.]

Referee* shall be Householdert and not interested, and not tube Referees for ead^ other.

Election of the said Commissionere, may themselves appoint a third Referee, who shall take the Oath or Affirmation herein-before directed (not being a Revenue Officer nor a Person carrying on the same Trade or Manufacture with the Party applying for such Reference); and the Determination of any two of them shall be binding, as well on the Party to the Reference, as on the said Commissioners on the Part of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Referees shall require further Time to make their Determination on the Matter of such Reference, and shall give to the Commissioners a sufficient Reason why a Settlement of the Sum to be contributed cannot be made within the Time limited, the said Commissioners being satisfied therewith, shall give further Time, and so from Time to Time for making their Determination thereupon, and the Party in-such Reference shall not be liable to an Assefftnent within the Time so allowed 5 provided the Time so extended shall not, on each Application, exceed one Week, nor in the Whole the Period of six Weeks.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall he capable of being appointed such Referee, except a Householder, redding within the Limits of the District where the Commissioners by whom he shall be appointed shall act or within ten Miles of the Limits of such District, whose Name and Place of Residence shall be returned to the said Commissioners; nor shall any Person be appointed a Referee for any other Person for whom he kimself has been appointed a Referee, or who shall be in any Way interested in the Matter of such Reference, or concerned for such Party as an Agent, 'Factor, or Servant, or in Partnership with such Party in any Trade,

Adventure, or Concern, for which they may be chargeable before other Commissioners, nor of Kin or Con-

sanguinity with such Party nearer than Cousin German, unless with the Consent of the Commissioners, on*

Confederation of the Connection subsisting between the Party and the Person proposed a Referee.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Contribution so settled and ascertained, shall, on Payment Contributions so thereof, be a full Discharge, of the Duties hereby granted for the Year current the Time of the Settlement, fe, 1^ ftia!1*against his Majesty, hi. rfeir, and Successon,

CXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Party in the Reference shall be desirous of paying the whole Amount of his or her Contribution as aforesaid into the Bank of England, by one Payment in Advance without Assessment, it shall be lawful for such Referees, by their Certificate in Writing, specifying that they have investigated the Account submitted to them and no Fraud or Concealment in rendering such Account hath in their Opinion been practised by the Party in such Reference, and that they have agreed in the Sum to be contributed as aforesaid, to apply, at the Request of such Party, to the said Commissioners to appoint a third Referee, whom the said Commissioners, in case they shall be satisfied upon such Certificate that no Fraud or Concealment hath been practised, are hereby empowered by their Order in Writing to appoint; and who being so appointed shall, upon Notice of such Appointment, and before he shall begin to act therein, appear before the said Commissioners, and before them take and subscribe the Oath or solemn Affirmation herein directed to be taken by such Referee under this Act; and the third Referee so appointed, together avith both the other Referees, or together with such Party, shall pay in Advance, subject to such Terms as are herein allowed in other Cases ot Payment of Money in Advance, the whole Sum so settled as the Contribution of such Party, into the Bank of England, within the Time limited by the said Commissioners, which they are hereby authorized to fix according to the Circumstances of each Case, not in any Case being later than one Week from the Time of such last mentioned Appointment, unless the said Commissi mtrs shall, for (peciai Cause assigned, give further Time for so doing, such further Time not in any Case exceeding fourteen Days'; and it shall be lawful for the said three Referees, and they are hereby required, to cause to be delivered to the said Commissioners, or at their Office, within the Period limited as aforesaid, the Certificate of the Cashier or Cashiers at the said Bank of England as herein after next mentioned, and the said Commissioners shall, upon Receipt thereof, cause an Entry thereof to be made in their Books of Assessment, without requiring the Amount of such Contribution, and without making any Assessment, which Entry shall contain the same Number or Letter with the Order of Reference, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Party in the Reference, describing such Party as " A Contributor by Reference whose Contribution has been discharged, " and which Payment and Entry thereupon shall be a Discharge to the Pany in such Reference, for all Duties submitted to the Settlement and Determination of such Referees, for the Year current at the Time of making the same. with; ut requiring the Amount, such Entry shall be the Party's Difchtrgei

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in every such Case where a third Referee shall be appointed Manner of pay-for the Purposes last aforesaid, the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall deliver to the Referees, or one of them so appointed, a Cheque numbered or lettered with the same Number or Letter as the Order of Reference, made in such Form as the said Commissioners shall devise, and signed by such Clerk, and countersigned by them, or any one of them, or any Person or Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, authorizing the Cashier or Cashiers to receive from the Referees mentioned therein, any Sum of Money which shall be indorsed thereon under the Hands of all the said Referees; and the said Cashier or Cashiers shall, on Production of such Cheque, indorsed as aforesaid, receive such Sum, and make the like Allowances as are herein after directed to*[$& $*74 ] be made on Payment of Sums assessed in Advance, and shall place the same to the Account of the said Commissionerg named in such Cheque, under the Letter or Number contained therein; and every such Payment shall be deemed to be on account of the Duties referable as aforesaid; and the said Cashier or Cashier9 shall give two Certificates to the Person paying such Sum under the Letter or Number contained in such Cheque, one thereof to be in general Terms without mentioning the Name or Names of any Person named therein, and without mentioning any particular Sum to have been received, certifying that the Sum indorsed on the Cheque of the said Commissioners, numbered or lettered as aforesaid, hath been paid to fgch Cafhitr or Cashiers in full* according to the Tenor of such Indorsement; and the other thereof in such Terms as the said Cashier or Cashiers

On the Option of the Party'to, pay the Contribution by one Payment into the Bank without Assessment, a third Referee -shall be added by the Commit-fionera, and he shall see to fuc}| Pay rnentj under Tettns iu $ 174C

Rtfe'ef' Ih-il -dt liver the C.v* fhier's Ceilifi-cate tu the Commissioners, who shall make au Entry that the Party hat been afleiVcd as " A Contributor by Rtferenre;'

ing the Contri-. hution into tf.e B; .nk on such Reference.

On Payment t*4 Orfhter* ihalt give iwoCettifH cate*;

one where©r, under a Letter

or Number, shall be delivered to Comm iffiur-era in Discharge of the AflUTment.

On Failure of Settlement by Referees, Commissioners shall proceed to assess; or 1* Default of Certificate of Payment, l&e J I17.J

Election to be Charged by Reference shall not excuse the returning certain Lifts.

Allowance to Referees appointed by the Comma (Boners shall be certified to the Tax Office.

In Default of proceeding dn the Reference, the Commissioners shall the Pally,

[&c §117-]

If Referees die or decline to act, others shall, be appointed.

Commissioners may be Rcfe* mu

Statements shall be delivered, jui'rfunnt to Notice (fee §106, 107.), by Panics, of the Amount of Duty chargeable on them by Schedule (D ), with a Declaration of the Manner of estimating.

Such Stau^ments shall becxclusive of Profits otherwise charged, Or of Imereft pay-

Cashiers shall think fit, acknowledging the Receipt of such Sum so paid; which first: -mentioned Certificate shall be delivered to the said Commissioners, or at their Office to their Clerk, taking his Receipt for the fame; which first-mentioned Certificate, under a Letter or Number as aforesaid, being delivered to the said Commissioners or to their Clerk as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Discharge for the Amount of one Year's Assessment, current at the Time of delivering the fame, to the Party in such Reference, his Executors and Admin iflrator9«

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That unless the Commissioners by whom such Reference has been allowed, shall, within the Time or Times to be by them fixed as aforesaid, receive from the Referees so appointed a Certificate of their Agreement to the Sum to be contributed by the Party in such Reference, they shall proceed to execute this Act as if no such Reference had been made.

CXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That unless, in Cases where such third Referee shall be appointed for the Purposes last aforesaid, the Commissioners by whom such third Referee shall be appointed shall, within the Period limited as aforesaid, receive from such third Referee so appointed the Certificate of the Cashier or Cashiers at the said Bank of England as aforesaid, they shall proceed to execute this Act as if no such Reference or Appointment had been made as aforesaid.

CXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein-before contained shall be confirmed to extend to prevent or excuse any Person who shall have made such Election as aforesaid, from returning any List of the Name of any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, Fraternities, Fellowships, Companies, or Societies, for whom such Person shall act in any of the Characters before described; but every such Person shall be obliged to return such Lists of all others for whom he or she shall so aft as are herein required, in order that they may be rendered chargeable to the said Duties, as if no such Election was made.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners, in any of the Cases before mentioned wherein Referees have been nominated and appointed by them, and who shall have accepted such References and proceeded therein with Effect, to settle the Allowance which shall be made to them for their Care and Trouble in carrying such References into Effect, and to transmit a Certificate thereof to the Office for Taxes, and the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall direct the proper Receiver General to pay the same; provided the Allowance to each Referee shall not exceed the Rate of Three-pente in the Pound on the Amount of the Sum act'effect, where such Sum shall have been declared, and where the Sum shall not be declared, the Allowance to each Referee so appointed shall be at the Discretion of the respective Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, Regard being had to the Condition of the Party in such Reference, as well as of such Referees.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Party to such Reference shall object to the Referees or Refci ee named by the said Commissioners in any Case before mentioned, or in case after entering into such Reference the same shall not be effected according to the Regulations of this Act, whether on account of the kid Referees or either of them declining to act, or on account of the Party refusing to proceed therein within the Time or Times fixed as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said respective Commissioners, and they are hereby required, to proceed to assess such Party as if no such Application had been made, pursuing in such Case the Regulations herein after expressed; and in case the third Referee shall not pav or cause to be paid the Surnsfo to be contributed within the Period allowed as aforesaid, it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners to require such third Referee to deliver to them a Certificate under his Hand, of the Amount of the Sum so settled, and in case they shall be satisfied therewith, it shall be lawful for them to make an Assessment thereon; and if they shall not he satisfied therewith, they shall then proceed to afiefs such Party under the Regulations of this Act; provided, that in case the two Referees, or either of them who shall have been nominated and appointed by the said Commissioners, shall die or decline to act, or from any Cause shall become unable to proreed in such Reference with Effect, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to nominate and appoint another Referee or Referees, according to the Regulations of this Act, as on the first Nomination or Appointment of Referees: Provided also, that in case the Referees, or either of them, appointed by the Party shall die or otherwise become unable to proceed on such Reference with Effect, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby required to appoint another Referee or Referees in Manner aforesaid.

CXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be con(1 rued to extend to prohibit the Commissioners from appointing Referees from and amongst themselves, so as not to impede or delay the Commissioners in the Performance of their Duty in the Execution of this Act as Commissioners.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Person, not having made his or her Election to be charged by Referees to be named as aforesaid, and carried the said Reference into Effect, shall, when required so to do by any Notice given in pursuance of this Act, within the Period to be mentioned in such Notice as aforesaid, prepare and deliver to the Person or Persons appointed to receive the same, and to whom the same ought to be delivered, a Statement in Writing, to be made out in such Form as before directed, signed by him or her, of such Sum or Sums as he or she is willing to pay, not less than the Amount of the Duty chargeable upon him or her, either on his or her own Account, or on the Account of any other Person or Persons for whom he or she shall act in any of the Characters before described, computed on the Amount of the Profits or Gains arising to such Person or Persons respectively, from all and every of the Sources charged by this Act, according to the said Schedule marked (D.), which Profits or Gains shall beeftimated for the Period, and according to the respective Rules contained in the said Schedule 5 to which Statement shall be added a Declaration that the same is estimated on all the Sources containedrin the said Schedule chargeable by this Act, describing the fame, and shall be made exclusive of Profits or Gains of any Property, or any Office or Employment of Profit, otherwise charged by virtue of this Act, and also exclusive of the Profits and Gains arising from Interest of Money anfing out of the Property of fcny other Person or Persons for which such other Person or Persons ought Jo be charged

by

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III.

by virtue of this Act; provided, that in every such Return where the Party shall be liable unto or shall be answerable for the Duties contained in the Schedule marked (C.), it shall be lawful for him, her, or them, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby required, in a separate Statement to be made out as aforesaid, to deliver an Account of the Amount of Duty wherewith he, she, or they ought to be charged by virtue of the said Schedule. [fee §66. 72.], ' (fall be

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall act in any Character as aforesaid for any other Person or Persons, who by reason of any such Incapacity as aforesaid, cannot be charged by virtue of this Act, ai\d not being to be charged by virtue of such Reference on account of such other Person or Persons*, shall also, within the like Period, deliver to the Person or Persons appointed to receive the same under this Act, and to whom the same ought to be delivered, a Statement in Writing signed by him, her, or them, and to be made in such Form as before directed, of the Amount of Duty to be charged on him, her, or them, on account of such other Person or Persons, estimated during the Period, and according to the Rules contained in the said Schedule, together with such Declaration of the Manner of estimating the same as aforesaid: Provided always, that where two or more such Persons shall be liable to be charged for the same Person or Persons, one Statement only shall be required, and such Statement shall be delivered by them jointly, or by one or more of them on Behalf of him, her, or themselves, and the rest of the Persons so liable; and it shall be lawful for them, or any of them, to give Notice in Writing to the additional Commissioners aftingin each District where they or any of them shall be called upon for such Statement, in what Parish or Place, or JParishes or Places, they are respectively chargeable by this Act, on their, or his, or her own Account, and in which of the said Parishes or Places they are desirous of being so charged on the Behalf of such other Person or Persons for whom they so aft in any 01 the Characters before mentioned, and they shall be assessed accordingly by one Assessment in such Parish or Place, provided any one of such Persons shall be liable to be charged on his or her own Account in such Parish or Place; and if more than one AffLffment shall be made on such Persons, or any of them, on the same Account, they and every of them shall be relieved from such double Assessment by like Applications to the Commissioners, as are allowed in other Cases by this Act.

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every such Officer before described of any Corporation, Fraternity, Fellowship, Company, or Society, not otherwise to be charged as aforesaid, shall also within the like Period prepare and deliver in like Manner, a Statement of the Duty payable by such Corporation, Fraternity, Tellowship, Company, or Society, computed according to the Directions of this Act, together with such Declaration of the Manner of estimating the same as aforesaid; and such Estimate shall be made on the Amount of the annual Profits and Gains of such Corporation, Fraternity, Fellowship, Company, or Society, before any Dividend shall have been made thereof to any other Person or Persons, or publick Bodies having any Share, Right, or Title, in or to such Profits or Gains; and all such other Person or Persons, and publick Bodies, ihaTl allow out of such Dividends a proportionate Deduction in respect of the Duty so charged; provided that nothing herein-before contained shall be construed to require in such Statement the Inclusion of Salaries, Wages, or Profits of any Officer of such Corporation, Fraternity, Fellowship, Company, or Society, otherwise chargeable under this Act.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, who ought by this Act to deliver any List, Declaration, or Statement as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect so to-do within the Time limited in such Notice, every such Person shall forfeit and pay ai)y Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered by the said recited Acts respectively; but nevertheless subject to such Stay of Prosecution by a subsequent Delivery of such Lift, Declaration, or Statement, in the Cases following (videlicet); if any Trustee, Agent, or Receiver, or other Person, hereby required to deliver such Lift, Declaration, or Statement, on Behalf of any other Person or Persons, shall deliver an imperfect Lift, Declaration, or Statement, declaring him or herself unable to give a more perfect Lift, Declaration, or Statement, with the Reasons for such Inability, and the said XJommissioners shall be fatvsfied therewith, the said Trustee, Agent, or Receiver, or other Person as aforesaid, shall not be liable to such Penalty, in case the Commissioners shall grant further Time for the Delivery thereof, and such .Trustee, Agent, Receiver, or other Person, shall within the Time so granted deliver a List, Declaration, or Schedule as perfect as the Nature of the Case will enable him or her to prepare and deliver.

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every such Statement shall include the Whole of the Charge, to be made in respect of the said last mentioned Duties, on tile Person or Persons delivering the fame, on his or their own Account, or on Account of any other Person or Persons; and may also include therein the Amount to be charged on such Persons in respect of the Duties contained in Schedule (C.); and every Person shall be chargeable in respect of the whole of such Duties in one and the same Division, and by the same Commissioners, (except-in Cases where the same Person or Persons shall be engaged i-n different Concerns relating to Trade or Manufacture in divers Places, in each of which Cases one Assessment-may be made in respect of each Coucern as the Case may require, ) but nevertheless, at the Rate prescribed by this Act, without Abatement, except in Cases where an Abatement (hftl be allowed according to this Act; and every such Statement on the TLhal! of any other Person or Persons, for which such Person or Persons shall be chargeable as acting in auy of the Characters before described, or on the Behalf of any Corporation, Fellowship, Fraternity, Company, or Society, shall include the Duty arising from all and every Source and Sources chargeable as lait aforesaid; and every Statement on tire Behalf of any Corporation, or Company engaged in Trade, or in any Adventure or Concern of a, publick Nature as aforesaid, shall also include therein the Profits and Gains arising from Houfts, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, occupied by such Corporation or Company, on their joint Account, for the Purposes of such Trade, Adventure, or Concern.; a*id every fcch Statement on the Behalf of any other Person or Persons, shall be delivered in the same Division where such Person or Persons shall be chargeable on his, her, or their own Account; and such other Person or Persons shall be charged by the same Commissionera by whom the Person or Persons delivering such Statement is or are chargeable, except w here

3 different

«<?3 9

able out of others Property.

(S*e^208.) Duties under Schedule (C.) stated separate!y.

Trustees of incapacitated Persons shall deliver Statement*.

[Sr b 1 to, *]

One Statement only requisite froii) joint Trustees.

Relief loTruf-ttes on double AsseiTmems.

§63.)

Officers of Corporations shall deliver State-raentrfor them, the bftimates for which shall be made before Dividends paid. Such Statements shall not include Officers' Salaries otherwise chargeable.

Penalty on Persons neglecting to deliver Lifts* 50l.

Exemption in favour of Trustees, See.

Statements shaft include the whole Charge under Schedule (D), and may also include the Charge under Schedule (C.) Duties shall be charged in one Division, except in case of different Concerns. Statements by Trutleu, ice. fli.ill iruluue all Duties chargeable.

Statement for

C>ir>oiAtions shall include Profits of Lands, &c.

1040

Where Statements by Trustees shall be deliver'd, and the Charge made.

In what Diflrish the Duties shall. JUe charged.

Declaration shall be delivered by the Party of the Place in which he is chargeable, See.

How Persons m>P engaged in Trade having two Residences'shall be charged.

Statements shall be deliver at each Place of Residence, Ire. and may be delivered, sealed aip, to the additional Commis-, ficuiers, or to the AiTcllbrs.

Aflt (Tors shall make out a List of Notices;

{See §106, 107.)

New or additional Notices may be delivered.

Assessors shall

verify Delivery of Notices, and the affixing of general Notices. (She $106, 107.)

Penalty of 10l. for Neglectt of Assessor.

Abstrtft 'shall be made of Returns of Statement!

C. 122, 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

different Persons chargeable on their own Account in different Districts shall be joined, and shall act together in any of the said Characters* in which Case one Assessment shall be made in respect of such Trust Property in one of the said Districts only, as herein-before is directed, and the different Persons acting together in such Character as aforesaid, shall or may be charged on their own Account in other Districts, and as the Case may, require.

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That every Person being a Householder, except Persons engaged in Trade or Manufacture, shall be charged to the said last mentioned Duties by Commissioners acting for the rarish or Place where his or her Dwelling House shall he situate; and every Person engaged in Trade or Manufac* ture shall be chargeable by the respective Commissioners acting for the Parish or Place where such Trade or Manufacture shall be carried on; and every Person not being a Householder, nor engaged in Trade or Manufacture, who shall have any Place of ordinary Residence, shall be charged by the Commissioners acting for the Tarish or Place where he or she shall ordinarily reside; and every Person not herein-before described shall be charged by the Commissioners acting for the Parish or Place where such Persons shall reside at the Time of beginning to execute this Act, by giving such general Notices as are herein mentioned; and every such Charge made in such Parish or-Place shall be valid and effectual, notwithstanding the subsequent Removal of the Person so charged from the Parish or Place; and in order that the Place where the said last mentioned Duties are to be charged may be ascertained, every Person is hereby required, on the Delivery of any List or Statement as aforesaid, at the same Time to deliver a Declaration in Writing, signed by him or her, declaring in what Place he or she is chargeable, and whether he or she is engaged in Trade or Manufacture, or not, and if he or she shall be so ctf-gaged in Trade or Manufacture, the Place or Places where the same shall be carried on, and the particular Trade or Trades in which he, she, or they shall be engaged in such Place.

CXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person, not being engaged in Trade or Manufacture, having two or more Houses or Places at which he or she shall be ordinarily resident, shall be charged at such of the Parities or Places wherein the said Dwelling House is situate, in which he or she shall be ordinarily resident at the Time of beginning to execute this Act, in relation to the said last mentioned Duties, by giving such general Notices as are herein mentioned, or in which he or she shall first come ordinarily to reside, after giving such general Notices.

CxXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person shall, if required by the respective Commissioners, deliver at each Parish or Place where he or she shall reside, or carry on Trade, the like Lifts, Declarations, and Statements, as he or she is hereby required to deliver in the Parish or Place where such Person ought to be charged, but shall not be liable to any double Charge by reason thereof; and all Lifts, Declarations, and Statements hereby required to be made, shall or may be delivered, sealed up and superferibed with the Name and Place of Abode of or the Place of carrying on Trade by the Person by whom the same shall have been made, to the additional Commissioners acting for the District wherein such Parish or Place shall be situate, or at their Office as aforesaid, except where any List or Lists of Names is or are directed to be delivered to Assessors: 'Provided always, that any Person desirous of returning the same to the Assessor or Assessors, shall beat Liberty "so to do, observing the Directions herein given for preparing the fame, and the Assessor or Assessors receiving any such Lifts, Declarations, or Statements, shall, at such Time as the additional Commissioners shall appoint, deliver the same at their Office.

CXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Assessor or Assessors shall make out a List and deliver the same to the Clerk of the said respective additional Commissioners, containing the Names of all Persons to or on whom such last mentioned Notices have been delivered or served, in pursuance of this Act, to the End that the said Commissioners may judge of the Conduct of such Assessors in executing this Act; and if such Assessor or Assessors shall have neglected to give Notice to any Person to whom, in the Judgment of the said additional Commissioners, the same ought to be delivered, the said additional Commissioners may at any Time afterwards direct such Notices to be delivered to or served on such Persons by such Assessors respectively, and may also from Time to Time direct the like Notices to b£ delivered to or served on any Person or Persons coming to reside in any Parish or Place after the Expiration of such Notices.

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Assessors, or one of them, for every Parish or Place, shall personally appear before the said additional Commissioners at the first Meeting, or such other Meetings as such Assessors shall be appointed to attend, and shall then and there produce to the said additional Commissioners a List of the Names of all the Persons to whom such Notices as last aforesaid have been delivered in pursuance of this Act, and shall also make Oath or solemn Affirmation before them, that the several Notices required to be delivered to Householders and Occupiers, and also to Lodgers and Inmates, by this Act* have been duly served, in the Manner required thereby, upon all Householders and Occupiers, and upon all Inmates and Lodgers within the Limits of the Places for which such Assessor shall have been appointed, to the best of his Knowledge, and that general Notices to the Effect mentioned in this Act, have been duly affixed in the Manner required by this Act on such proper Places within the City, Town, or Place for which such Assessor shall act, as by this Act is required; and that the Lift delivered by him contains the Name of every Person within the said Limits to whom such Notices ought to be delivered, according to the Directions of this Act, within the Knowledge of such Assessor; and every Assessor who shall neglect to appear before such Commissioners, and to make iueh Oath or Affirmation, or who shall not return the Name or Names of any Person or Persons whose Name ought to be included in any such Lift as by this Act is required, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered under the said recited Acts respectively.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks to the said respective Commissioners shall, with all convenient Speed, abstract the Returns of Statements delivered to such additional Commissioners, or at their Office, into Books to be provided for that Purpose, and according to such Form* as shall be transmitted to

them

them from the Office of Taxes; such Abstracts to contain the Name# of Persons making such Returns, arranged alphabetically according to the Wards, Parishes, and Places in which they shall reside, and the several Amounts of Duty returned by them respectively, to be laid before and delivered to the said additional Commissioners; and all such Returns shall be numbered and filed in the Office of the said Commissioners, and carefully kept so long as the Accounts of the said last mentioned Duties for such District, or any Part thereof, shall remain unpaid to his Majesty; to all which Book and Book# any Inspector or Surveyor, who shall have taken the Oath herein prescribed before the Commissioners acting for the same Districts respectively, shall have free Access at all seasonable Times, and shall take such Copies thereof, or of such Parts thereof, or Extracts from the same, as he shall deem necessary in order to the due Execution of this Act.

CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective additional Commissioners shall appoint Meetings within their respective Districts for taking all Statements then and from Time to Time to be delivered to them into Consideration, within a reasonable Time after the Inspector or Surveyor shall have had the Examination of such Statements; and in case the said Commissioners respectively shall be satisfied that any such Statement hath been bond side made according to the Provisions of this Act, and so as to enable the Commissioners to charge the Person or Persons returning the same with the full Duties with which he, she, or they ought to be charged on account thereof or more; and in case no Information shall be given to the said Commissioners of the Insufficiency thereof, or no Objection shall be made thereto by the Inspector or Surveyor, Which he is hereby empowered to make for sufficient Cause, the said Commissioners shall direct an Assessment to be made of the Duties chargeable on such Statement by virtue of this Act; and in every such Case, if the Commissioners think proper to require a Verification of such Statement, they shall direct the Assessor or Assessors to give Notice thereof to the Person or Persons to be charged with the said last mentioned Duties, to appear before them to verify the same in the Manner herein after mentioned; and every Person to whom such Notice shall be given shall, and he or she is hereby required, to appear before the said Commissioners, and on Oath or solemn Affirmation (to be administered by one or more of the said Commissioners) to verify the Contents of his or her Statement; and which Oath or Affirmation shall be, That the Contents of such Statement are true to the bell of the Belief of the Party, and which Oath or Affirmation shall be signed and subscribed with the proper Name of the Party taking the fame: Provided always, that such Person shall be at Liberty to amend such Statement by increasing the Amount of the Duty returned therein, before he or she shall be required to take such Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid; and every such Assessment, after such Verification of such Statement, shall be final and conclusive as to the Amount of the Duty to be charged, except as herein after is mentioned.

delivered to Commissioners in Books,

to which Inspectors, Sec. may have Ac-ccfs, &c.

Additional Commissioners shall consider Statements, and make Assessments on fitrli as appear satisfactory.

Party may be required to appear and vei ity Statement oil Oath.

Parties may increjfe their Statement. Assessment after such Verification

shall befioal. [Bulfee, §137. 141. 150.]

CXXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case where the Party afiefled shall have verified his or her Statement delivered to additional Commissioners upon Oath, and where the Surveyor or Inspector shall nevertheless apprehend the Determination made by the said Commissioners^o be contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall then declare himself dissatisfied with such Determination, it shall and may be lawful for such Surveyor or Inspector to require the said Commissioners to state specially, andfign the Case upon which the Question arose, together with their Determination thereupon, which Case the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present, are hereby required to date and sign accordingly, andtoxjause the same to be by him transmitted to the Commissioners for the Purpose# of this Act, for the same District, who are hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to return an Answer to the Case so transmitted, with their Opinion thereon subscribed thereto, according to which Opinion so certified, the Assessment which shall have been the Cause of such Appeal shall be altered or confirmed.

CXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if from any unavoidable Cause, as herein i# mentioned, the said Commissioners shall have permitted any Statement or Schedule to be delivered by any Agent or Factor of the Party, and the said Commissioners shall require the Verification of such Statement or Schedule, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to require the Verification thereof to be made by such Agent or Factor, or shall admit other Proof thereof, as shall seem to them necessary.

CXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in every Instance in which any Person shall have made Default in the Delivery of any Statement, such Person not having been otherwise charged to the said last mentioned Duties, or if the said additional Commissioners shall not be satisfied with the Statement delivered by any Person or Persons, or any Objection shall be made thereto by the Inspector or Surveyor, (which he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to do in Writing, setting forth the Cause and Causes thereof, whenever he or they shall see sufficient Cause, ) or the said additional Commissioners shall have received any Information of the Insufficiency of any Statement, the said additional Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall make an Assessment on such Person, in such Sum as, according to the bed of their Judgment, ought to be charged on such Persons by virtue of this Act, which Assessment shall be subject to an Appeal according to the Directiona herein after contained. '

CXL. And be it further enacted, That whenever the additional Commissioners shall think it proper to refer any Statement to the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, without making any Assessment thereon, it shall be lawful for them so to do, on delivering to them the Case in Writing, relative to such Statement, as the same shall appear to them, with any Matter in aueftion between them, either zb to Law or Fast, and the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act shall proceed to enquire into the Merits of such Statement, in like Manner as they would have been hereby authorized to do in case the said additional Commissioners had made an Assessment on such Statement, and the Party charged had appealed against such Assessment.

CXLI. And be it further enacted, That the Inspector or Surveyor, being fwomas aforesaid, shall and may, it all seasonable Times, inspect and examine any Assessment which shall be made as last aforesaid, before the Delivery thereof to the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and in case he shall discover any Error in 43 Geo. III. 6 R the

When such Statement U dif-satisfactory to the Surveyor* he may ftaie a Case to the Cos for their Opinion, and Assessment (kail he made accordingly.

Statements delivered by Agents may be verified by them.

In Default of Statement, add i- tional Commissioners may make an Assessf-ment according to their Judgment,

subject iq Appeal.

0 «- § >44)Additional Commissioners may refer Statement* to Commissioners without making

Assessment.

r

Inspector, See. may examine Assessment?, which may be amended on their Certificate.

C.I22.

Surveyor shall in all Cases [hut /?§ 137.} ftaie hi* Objc^ion in Writing, and Additional Commissioners lh ill certify the same to the Commissioners. Notice to the Party charged.

Additional

Commidmiitfs shall make up and deliver Certificates of Assessments, &c. sealed, to Commissioners,

and shall act* journ, and not afterwards meet again unless on Summons, &c.

Persons aggrieved by Assess-iticnls may appeal to Corii-JUissioner*.

Time for receiv-in-Appeals shall be fixed by Commissioners, of which Notice shall be given by A ifclTors.

No Appeal to be received after, except for Diminution oflncorae #<*§i6t.), or in case of SLck-aefs, &c. General Node, of Time limited for hearing Appeal*.

Commisseoners upon an Appeal may fubnait the Matter in Difference to Referee*.

(<S«e$ it*. ATc.)

la all Case* of Appeal* and when Obje<£Uon. made by the Surveyor U allowed, the Comah&uncis

43° Georgii nr.

A.D. 1803.

the fame, which in his Judgment shall require Amendment, he shall certify the same to the said additional Commissioners by whom the Assessments shall have been made, and the said additional Commissioners, upon sufficient Cause being shewn to them, shall amend the fame, as in their Judgment the Case shall require.

CXLII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where the Surveyor or Inspector shall object to the Amount of the Duty charged by any Assessment by additional Commissioners, which he is hereby empowered lo do in any Case, except where the Party shall have verified his or her Statement and the Assessment shall be made on the Amount contained therein, he shall state such Objection to the additibnaLCommissioners of the District in Writing, as before directed, who, or any two or more of them, shall thereupon certify the same to the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act in the same District, together with the Reasons for making such Assessment, and any Information they shall have obtained respecting the lame; and the said Surveyor or Inspector shall also give such Notice thereof to the Party assessed, as he is required to do by the said several recited Acts respectively, m Cases of Surcharge, in order that the Party so charged may be.at Liberty to appear before the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, according to the Directions herein contained, in Support* of such Assessment.

CXLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said additional Commissioners shall cause Certificates of the Assessments to be duly made out for each Ward, Parish, or Place, within their respective Districts, containing the Names and Surnames of the Parties charged, and the Sums which they respectively ought to pay by virtue of this Act, and shall cause such Certificates to be entered in Books provided for that Purpose according to such Forms as shall be transmitted to them by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and they, or any two or more of them, shall sign the fame, and deliver the feme so entered and signed to the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act in the same District, underCover sealed up, and (hah also cause all Statements, Lifts, and' Declarations returned to them by any Party or Parties, or by the Assessors, to be delivered^at the same Time to the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and shall then adjourn themselves Jtne die, and shall not afterwards meet in the Execution of the Act, unless on Summorfs ^Writing under the Hands of .three or more of the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, requiring them to meet at such Time and Place as shall be mentioned in such Summons, or unless in the subsequent Year they shall again be.appointed additional Commissioners, or no additional Commissioners shall be appointed for such District in such Year.

CXLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think him or herself aggrieved by an Assessment made by the additional Commissioners as aforesaid (except where the same shall have been made according to the Statement of the Party, after Verification thereof) or by any Objection to.such Assessment made by any Surveyor or Inspector as aforesaid, it. shall be lawful for him or her respectively to appeal to the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act id Che same District where such AiTeflinent was made, oiv giving ten Days* Notice thereof to the Assessor, Surveyor, or Inspector; and all Appeals to be made in pursuance of this Act shall be heard and determined by the respective Commissioners adiing for the Purposes of this Act, for the same District where the Grfufe of Appeal arose* and not othemife.

CXLV. Andibt it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act shall appoint a^ Time for receiving Appeals as fooa after the Assessments shall be returned to them by the additional Commissioners, as conveniently can be done; and the Assessors shall cause Notice thereof to be given by affixing the the same on the Church Door, Market House or Cross, in the Parish or Place where they act^.and the Meetings of the Commissioners for that Purpose shall beheld from Time to Time within the Time limited by the faits Commissioners, with or without Adjournment; and no Appeal shall be received after the Time limited by the said Commissioners, except on the Ground of Diminution of Income, as herein mentioned: Provided always, that if any Person shall be prevented, from Absence, Sickness, or other reasonable Cause to be allowed by the said Commissioners, from making or proceeding upon his Appeal within the Time so limited, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to give further Time for that Purpose, or to adrfnit the feme to be made by any Agent, Clerk, or Servant, on the Behalf of such Appellant.

CXLVI. And be it further enacted, That in order that all Appeals upon such Iaft-mentioned Assessments maybe determined in due Tim*, the fekl Commissioners shall cause a.geneiul Notice to be (luck, up in their Office, or left with the Clerk of the Commissioners, limiting the Time of hearing all Appeals, and which shall be limited to be hehrd within a re&sonable Time after the Cause of Appeal shall have arilen; and no Appeal shall be heard after the Tiihe in such Notice to be limited, unless the Appeal shall be made on Behalf of any Person. or Persons who shall be absent.out of the Realm, or be prevented by Sickness from attending in Person in the Time so to be limited, in which Cases it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to postpone such Appeal* from Time to Time, or to admit other Proof than the Oath or Affirmation of the Party of the Truth of the several Matters required by this Act to be proved by the Oath or Affirmation of the Party.

GLXVII. And be it further enacted, That upon any Appeal again! any Assessment of the additional Con^ missioners, or against any Objection made by the Surveyor or Inspeaor, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, at the Request of the Appellant, to submit the Matter in Difference to two Referees, to be named and appointed in the Manner before directed j and such Referees shall proceed to settle and ascertain the Amount to be contributed by such Appellant, by virtue of this Adly and the Sum so settled, the said Referees shall certify to the said, Commissioners, whereon they shall cause an Assessment to be. made, pursuing in such Reference, and in such Assessment respectively, the Directioiw herem-befoce contained for settling the Amount of Duties, by Reference.

CXLVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the receiving Notice of any Appeal against any Assessment made as last aforesaid, and also in every Case where the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, or the major P«t of them present shall fee Cause to allow the Objection of such Surveyor or Inspector to such Assessment, the rdpedbive Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act shall direct-their Precept to the Person or Persons appealing^ to return tathem, within the Time limited in such Precept, a Schedule containing such. Particulars, as the

A.D. 1805. 430 GEORGII III. €.122. 1043

said Commissioners shall demand wider the Authority of*hi« Act for their Information, either respecting the require by Particulars of the Property of such Person or Persons, or respecting the Trade, Profession, Employment, or c^h1L.Pr»eCept a Vocation exercised by such Person or Persons, and the Amount of the Profits and Gains of such Person «or lte p^1*0* Persons so chargeable, distinguishing the particular Amounts derived from -each separate Source before mentioned, and which the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to demand at their Discretion, whenever the same shall appear to them necessary for the Pwposes of this Asti and so from Time to Time, until complete Schedule to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of all the Particulars required by them shall be ^delivered; and every such Precept being delivered to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of the Person or Service of focfc Persons to whom the same shall be directed, shall be'binding upon such Person and Persons, according to the Precept. Exigency of such Precept; or in case such Person or Persons shall have removed from the jurisififtion of, the Commissioners, or cannot be found, or his, her, or their Place of Abode shall not be known, then upon fixing such Precept on the Door of the Church of the Place wfoare the Commissioners shall meet in the Execution of this Act, or fixing up the same in their Office, such Precept shall also be binding upon such Person or Persons according to the Exigency thereof; and such Person or Persons shall make the Return required by the said Com- Penallie* for not missioners within the Time limited in such Precept, under the Penalty in this Act contained, and subject to such ScUc*

Charge as the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to make in such Case; to which Schedule any Inspec- (Seaside 1$?.) for or Surveyor, sworn as aforesaid, shall have free Acoefs at all reasonable Times, and shall take such Copies |nfpe£tor. See. thereof, or of any Parts thereof, or Extracts from the same, as he shall think neceihuyfor the due Execution of shall haveAcctis this Act. to such Sche-

CXLIX. And be it further enacted, Thatit shall be lawful for the Inspector or Surveyor, sworn as aforesaid, dute*within a reasonable Time, to be allowed by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, after he shall Surveyor, icti have had the Examination of such Schedules, to object to the fame, or any .Part thereof, and to hate such Ob- X°

jeftions m Writing, and the Cause or Causes thereof, to the'best of his Knowledge or Information, which shall

Jbe allowed and signed by two or more of the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act; and the said and give Notice Surveyor or Inspector Audi, in every Case of objecting to such Schedule, -deliver a Notice in Writing of such to the Party. Objection to the Party or Parties to be charged, or leave the same at his, her, or their last or usual Place of Abode respectively, under Cover sealed up, and directed to such Party, m order that such Party or Parties maybe at 'Liberty to appeal from the same to the said Commiflumers as herein is directed: Provided always, that no Af- See §144.) feflment shall be confirmed, or any Alteration therein be made, until the Appeal upon such Objection or AsseiT-ment shall be heard and determined according to the Directions of this Act.

CL. And be it further enacted, That if upon receiving the Objections #f such Surveyor or Inspector to Commissioner* any Schedule, the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them present at any Meeting for the Purpose of taking such Objections into Consideration, shall fee just Cause to disallow such Objections, or if upon hearing of any such Appeal as aforesaid, the said Commissionera shall be satisfied with the Assessment made by the Act- Assessirieiit or ditional Commissioners, or after Delivery of a Schedule they shall be satisfied therewith, and shall have received Schedule, may no Information of the Inefficiency thereof, the said Commissioners shall direct such Affirflment to be confirmed, confirm or aker or altered according to such Schedule as the Case may require, and shall direct an Assessment to be made of the the Duties chargeable on the Statement or Statements contained in such Schedule, to the best of his Know'- 4CCor gty' ledge and Belief; provided, that in every Case where they shall think proper that the said Schedule should be May require a verified, they shall direct the Assessor or Assessors to give Notice thereof to the Person or Persons to be Verification of charged with the said Duties, and to appear before them to verify the same in the Manner herein after Schedule wa mentioned; and every such Person to whom such Notice shall be given, shall and he is hereby required to appear before the said Commissioners, and on Oath or solemn Affirmation as aforesaid to verify the Contents of his, her, or their Schedule, and to sign and subscribe the same with his or her proper Name, and which Oath or Affirmation shall <be, that the Contents of such Schedule are true: Provided always, that Party may such Person shall be at Liberty to amend such Schedule before he or she shall he required to take such Oath amend ibe or Affirmation, and after such Oath or Affirmation, and in every Case where such Schedule shall not have ^chj-dule before been objected to as aforesaid, and the said Commissioners shall he satisfied therewith, they shall make an Af- al*feflment according to such Schedule, at the Amount at which the Duty therein shall have been computed; and every such Assessment made after Verification of such Schedule, shall be final and conclusive as to the n.cnt shall be*Matters contained in such Schedule. final.

CLI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said Commissioners shall be dissatisfied with any such Cummiiljonen Assessment returned to them by the additional Commissioners, or with any such Schedule, or any such I)e- n; ay put Ques-claration, or shall require further Information respecting the fame, or either of them, or any Part thereof, it {lJh$ , n w, iiing shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, to put any Quelfion or Questions touching such Assessment, or the Contents of such Schedule or Declaration, or touching the Matters which ought to be contained therein, in o^cUeduks. Writing, and to demand an Answer accordingly from such Person or Persons, signed hv him, her, or them, and so from Time to Time whenever the said Commissioners shall think the same necessary; and shall from Time to Time issue their Precept or Precepts, requiring true and particular Answers to-be given to such Questions, of which three Days' Notice at leail shall be given to him or them; and every such Person shall make true and particular Answers in Writing, signed by' him or her, to such Questions, within the Time limited by such Precept, or shall within the like Period tender him or herself before the said Commissioners, to be examined by them viva vote to such Matters.^ and every Person required to make such Answers, or Panics or their appearing before the said Commissioners to be examined as a Party, or as the Clerk, Agent, or Servant of Asenu* may. re* such Party as herein after is mentioned, shall be permitted to give his or her Answers either in Writing as iuVA AnlNVtT*: aforesaid, or viva voce, without having taken any Oath or Affirmation, and shall be at Liberty to object to Commissioneri*any Question, and peremptorily to refuse answering the fame; and the Subftauce of such Answer or Answers andobjeA to as ue or (he shall give viva voce9 shall, in his or her Prefenoe, be reduced into Writing, and n: act to him or her* Questions, or re-

6R2 and lulc to answer.

1044

Commissioner* may call upon the Party to verify their Answers or Examination on Oath.

Commissioners may fit m noon Witnesses, and examine ilieni on Oath.

1151.]

Commissioners agreeing to make an Assessment on the Schedule (fee $ 148.), may do but on Neglect to return Schedule, or to verify the same (fee §150.), or to aoftrcr the Qucdions put by the Commissioners (f-e ^151.), or where Objection of Surveyor shall be allowed, the Ommission-<-; s shall iruke au Assessment according to \heir Judgment, vhkh shall be f: nal.

Where an Assessment shall be increased, Commissioners may charge the Party :; i a Sum not exceeding Double me increased Duties.

t ^-V)

C. 122. 43 GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

and he or she shall be at Liberty to altar any Pkrt thereof, and also to' alter or amend any Particular contained in his or her Answers in Writing, or in any Schedule or Declaration, before he or she shall be called upon to verify the same in the Manner herein after directed; and every such Schedule shall be altered or amended as shall seem requisite after such Enquiry or Examination.

CLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, in every such Case as aforesaid, whenever the said Commissioners shall think the same necessary, to require such Person or Persons, from whom such Answers in Writing as aforesaid have been re* ceived, to verify the fame, and upon Appearance of such Person or Persons, to permit him or them to alter or amend the fame, and thereupon to administer to such Person or Persons the Oath or Affirmation herein after mentioned, and also to require any Person or Persons who shall have been examined viva voce before them, to verify his, her, or their Examination on such Oath or Affirmation, which Oaths or Affirmations any one or more of the said Commissioners is and are hereby empowered to administer; and which Oaths or Affirmations respectively shall be, That the Contents of the said Schedules are true, to the bell of his Knowledge and Belief, and contain a full and true Account of all the Profits and Gains of the Deponent or Deponents chargeable by this Act, to the best of his or her Knowledge and Belief; or, That the Contents of all such Answers in Writing as shall have been returned to the said Commissioners by him or them, as the same are then Hated, or that the Contents of his or her Examination as the same have been reduced into Writing, are true; and every such Oath or Affirmation shall be subscribed by the Party taking the same.

CLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, to summon in like Manner any Person or Persons whom they shall think able to give Evidence or Testimony respecting the A(Te(Tment to be made on any such Person or Persons, in any such Case as last aforesaid, to appear before them to be examined, and to examine all such Persons who shall so appear before them on Oath or Affirmation (except the Clerk, Agent, or Servant of the Person or Persons to be charged, or other Person confidentially entrusted or employed in the Affairs of such Party or Parties to be charged, and who shall respectively be examined in the same Manner, and subject to the same Restrictions 91s are herein-before provided for the Examination of any Party or Parties touching the Assessments to be charged on him, her, or them*), which Oath or Affirmation any one or more of the said Commissioners is and are hereby empowered to administer, and which Oath or Affirmation shall be, That the Testimony or Evidence to be given by him, her, or them, shall contain the whole Truth, and nothing but the Truth, in respect of the Matter in question, concerning which such Evidence or Testimony is given; and every such Oath or Affirmation shall be subscribed by the Person taking the same.

CLIV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, or the major Part of them present, after hearing all such Appeals as shall be depending before them upon any Ob-jeftion made by the Inspector or Surveyor to any such last mentioned Assessment or Schedule, whether such Enquiry or Examination as aforesaid shall have taken place or not, shall agree to make an Assessment according to the Statement or Statements contained in the said Schedule, as the same shall have been returned, or altered or amended upon Appeal as aforesaid, they shall direct an Assessment to be made of the Duties chargeable on the Statement or Statements contained in the said Schedule at the Rate or Rates before specified; and if the said Commissioners shall think proper to require a Verification of the said Schedule, shall give Notice thereof in Manner aforesaid to the Party or Parties, to appear before them to verify the said Schedule, and such Verification lb all be made by the Party or Parties in such Manner, and such Assessmenta thereupon shall be made as herein-before directed, which Assessments shall be final and conclusive as aforesaid; but nevertheless in every Instance where any Person shall have neglected or refused to return such Schedule, according to the Exigency of the Precept of the Commissioners; or if any Clerk, Agent, or Servant of such Party as aforesaid, being summoned, shall have neglected or refused to appear before the Commissioners to be examined; or if such Party, his or her Clerk, Agent, or Servant as aforesaid, shall have declined to answer any Question put to him or her by the said Commissioners in Writing, or viva voce; or where the Schedule delivered shall have been objected to as aforesaid, and such Objection shall not have been appealed against, within such reasonable Time as is directed by this Act; or where any Person, being required so to do, shall have neglected or refused to verify his or her Statement or Schedule, or his or her Answers or Examination in Writing; or where the Commissioners shall agree as aforesaid to allow the Objections, or any of them, made by such Surveyor or Inspector, it shall be jawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required iu every such Case, according to the best of their Judgment, to settle and ascertain in what Sums such Person ought to be charged, and to make an Assessment accordingly, which Assessment shall be final and conclusive.

CLV. And be it further enacted, That where any Assessment shall be made by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, according to the best of their Judgment, in the several Instances before mentioned, or where any Assessment shall be made upon any Statement or Schedule, without requiring the Party or Parties to verify the same on Oath or Affirmation, and the said Commissioners shall have made any increased Assess. ment upon the Amount contained in the Statement or1 Schedule, or shall at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, discover that any Increase ought to be made, St shall be lawful for them to charge such Person or Persons in a Sum not exceeding Double the Amount by which the Duties shall have been increased, (that is to Ly, ) where the Party or Parties shall have refused or neglected to deliver any Statement or Schedule, then in a Sum not exceeding Double the Amount of the Sum wrhich, according to the Rate prescribed in Schedule (D) f, such Person, in the Judgment of the said Commissioners ought to be charged at; and in case a Statement or Schedule shall have been so delivered, then in a Sum not exceeding Double the Amount beyond the Amount contained in such Statement or Schedule, unless such Person or Persons shall in every such Case make it appear that the Omission complained of did not proceed from any Frau4, Covin, Art, or Contrivance, or any groi? or wilful Neglect.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII IU. C. 122.

CLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who ought to be charged by virtue of this Act, shall, by fraudulently changing or having changed his or her Place of Residence, or by fraudulently converting or having converted his or ner Property, or any Part thereof 5 or by fraudulently releasing, assigning, or conveying, or having fraudulently released, assigned, or conveyed the fame, or any Part thereof; or by making and delivering any such Statement or Schedule as aforesaid, which shall be false; or having any Property chargeable as last aforesaid, shall fraudulently convert, or shall have fraudulently converted the same or any Part thereof, by altering or having altered any Security with relation to such Property; or by fraudulently rendering or having rendered the fame, or any Part thereof, temporarily unproductive, in order that such Person may not be charged for the fame, or any Part thereof; or by any Falsehood, Fraud, Covin, Art, or Contrivance whatsoever, already used or practised, or to be used or practised, shall not be charged and assessed according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person shall, on Proof thereof before any two or more of the said respective Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, be charged and assessed Double the Amount of the Charge which ought to have been made on such Person (if no such Charge shall have been made); and if any such Charge shall have been made, which shall be less than the Charge which ought to have been made on such Person, then such Person shall be assessed and charged for the Purposes of this Act, over and above such former Charge, Double the Amount of the Difference between the Sum with which such Person shall have been charged, and the Sum with which he or she ought to have been charged.

CLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, required so to do by the respective Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, shall refuse or neglect to make out and deliver any Schedule to the Person or Persons to whom the same ought to be delivered in pursuance of this Act; or shall refuse or neglect to appear, before the respective Commissioners aforesaid, or the additional Commissioners having Authority in such Case by virtue of this Act, to verify on Oath or Affirmation before such Commissioners, any Statement or Schedule by him or her delivered, within the Time or Times limited or to be limited by such Commissioners respectively, in pursuance of this Act, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered under the said recited Acts respectively.

CLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall have delivered a Schedule, shall discover any Omission or wrong Statement therein, it shall be lawful for such Person to deliver an additional Schedule, rectifying such Omission or wrong Statement, and such Person shall not afterwards be subject to any Proceeding under this Act by reason of such Omission or wrong Statement; and if any Person shall not have delivered fc Statement or Schedule within the Time limited by the Commissioners for that Pur-j>ofe, it shall be lawful for such Person to deliver a Statement or Schedule in Manner herein directed, at any Time before a Proceeding shall be had to recover the Penalty herein mentioned; and no Proceeding shall be afterwards had for recovering such Penalty; and if any Proceeding shall have been actually had before the Commissioners for recovering such Penalty, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners before whom such Proceedings shall be commenced, on due Proof to their Satisfaction that no Fraud or Evasion whatever was intended, to (lay such Proceedings, either on the Terms of paying or without paying the Cods then incurred, as the Commissioners shall think fit; and if any Proceedings shall have been commenced in any Court, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners to certify that, in their Judgment, no Fraud or Evasion wa9 intended by the Party making such Omission, and it shall be lawful for any Judge in such Coart, on a summary Application, to flay such Proceedings on such Terms as aforesaid, as he shall think fit 5 or if such Person shall have delivered an imperfect Statement or Schedule, and shall give to the Commissioners a sufficient Reason why a perfect Statement or Schedule cannot be delivered, the said Commissioners, being satisfied therewith, shall give further Time, and so from Time to Time, for the Delivery of such Statement or Schedule; and such Persons shall not be liable to any Penalty for not having delivered such Statement or Schedule within the Time before limited, in case such Person shall have delivered as perfect a Statement or Schedule as, from the Nature of the Case, he or she was enabled to give, and so from Time to Time, as long as the Commissioners shall grant further Time as aforesaid.

CLIX. And be it further enacted, That if in the Course of any Inquiry before the said respective Commissioners, they shall think it necessary to ascertain the Amount of the Charge on any Person or Persons, in respect of any Property assessed or which ought to be assessed by virtue of this Act to any of the Duties contained in the said other Schedules, which arise out of the Limits of the City, Town, or Place for which they shall act, then and in such Case the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall, on a Certificate or Certify cates thereof, transmit such Certificates to the respective Commissioners acting for the Division or Place, or Divisions or Places, where such Person has or ought to have been assessed or charged to such other Duties; and the said last mentioned Commissioners shall, on Receipt of such Certificates, respectively inquire into the Amount of the Sum or Sums with which such Person or Persons have been or ought to be charged to such other Duties, within the Limits of the Division or Place where such last mentioned Commissioners aft; and the said last mentioned Commissioners having satisfied themselves of such Sum or Sums, shall transmit a Certificate thereof under the Hands of any two or more of them to the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to be laid before the said Commissioners making such Inquiry as aforesaid, to the End that such Person or Persons may bejudly charged, and such Abatements may be allowed as directed by this Act.

CLX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall come into or be resident in any District wherein such Person or Persons shall not have been before charged to the said last mentioned Duties for the .laid Year, the Assessor or Assessors, Collector or Collectors, or any Inspector or Surveyor, shall give or leave Notice in Writing to o: for every such Person so residing within the Limits for which such Assessors, Collectors, Inspectors, or Surveyors respectively aft, to make out and deliver, within fourteen Days next tnfuing the Day of giving such Notice, a Declaration in Writing, signed by him or her, with his or her own proper Name,

7 which

1045

Persons guilty of Fraud, to evade being p harged, may be charged Double.

Penalty on Persons neglecting to deliver Schedule, or to attend Summons of CommiiOonerj, 50l.

Parties may deliver additional Schedules;

or, having omitted to deliver Statements or Schedules, may deliver same at any Time bribre Proceedings bad.

Proceedings before Commi f-(ioners, Sec. for Penalties may he Hopped it no Fraud was intended, and Time alluxred to deliver perfect Statements.

Mode of afc*r-taining Ann unt of Charge uu Propet tv .u other DiltndU.

Notices shall be given from Time to Time to Rtfi* dents who have' not been before charged.

To declare in what Place they have been charged, or deliver a Statement for the Purpose of being aflTefltd. Penalty on Paity neglecting to make facb Declaration, 20l.

Assessment of such Person.

Penalty on such Persons removing without returning a State-men', or without drfclurging the Assessment, or not leaving futfi-cient tofatwty the Arrears, 20

On Certificate of Tax Otice, Ar-rear shall be levied by Disttefs, where the Party residesf and any Deficiency be recoverable as a Debt of Record.

How Abatement on account of specifick Diminution oflncome shall be allowed.

How Abatement shall be allowed when Persons (halt cease to exercise any Trade, Sec. or shall die before the End of the Year.

Persons succeeding to the Trade of the Party charged shall be liable, except in certain Cases.

§ 96.] Relief from double AiR'IT-ments on Persons dbarged in I wo or muic Did: ids.

which shall specify the Name of the Parish or Place* County or Counties wherein such Persons (Kail hm been assessed to the said Duties for such Year, and also to produce the Certificate of such Assessment, or in Default thereof tp deliver a Statement, for the Purpose of being assessed to the said Duties in such Parish ojr Place; and if any such Person as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to make out and sign and deliver such Declaration as aforesaid, within the Time before mentioned, or shall make any false or untrue Return therein in any Particular thereof, every such Person shall for every such OfFeace forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds; and when in any such Case it shall not appear that any such Person or Persons shall have been afieffed to the said Duties in any other Parish or Place, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the respective CommifiBonecs acting for the said District, and they are hereby required to proceed to assess such Person to the fmd Duties in like Manner in every Respect as if such Person had been resident in such District at the Time of the Publication of Notices as directed by this Act; and if any Person or Persons, after Notice given to return a Statement as aforesaid, shall remove out of such Parish or Place without returning such Statement, or before an Assessment shall be made on him, her, or them, or if such Person or Persons, being assessed to the said Duties, shall remove out of the Parish or Place where he, she, or they shall have been assessad to the said Duties, without first paying or discharging all the said Duties charged upon him, her, or them, which shall then be due and payable, or without leaving in such Parish or Place sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon the said Duties in Airear may be raised and levied, and the same shall remain in Arrear and unpaid for the Space of twenty Days after the Time appointed by this Act for Payment thereof^ every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay (over and above the said Duties so left unpaid as aforesaid) the Sum of twenty Pounds; and also in ©very such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes to certify to the Commissioners^a the District within whichluch Person or Persons shall then relide, the whole Amount of the AUeffmciit made upon such Person or Persons, and such last mentioned Commissioners shall thereupon issue a Warrant of Difbefs for the Recovery of the whole Duty that shall then have been assessed on such Person or Persons, together with the Costsand Charges attending the fame, and if Goods or Chattels cannot be found whereon such Distrefccan be fully made, then and iu every such Case the Whole of such Arrearof Duty, and Coils and Charges as aforesaid, or such Part thereof as cannot be levied and collected by Distress as aforesaid, shall be recoverable as a Dtbt upon Record to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, together with all Costs and Charges attending the same.

CJLXL And be it further enacted, That if within or at the End of the Year current at the Time of making any Assessment under this Act, or at the End of any Year when such Assessment ought to have been made, any Person charged to the Duties contained in Schedule (D.), who shall have computed his Profits or Gains arising as last aforesaid, on the Amount thereof in the preceding or current Year, and not on an Average of Years, shall find and shall prove to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, that his or her Profits and Gains during such Year for which the Computation was made, fell short of the Sum so computed in respect of the same Source of Profit, on which the Computation was made, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, or the major Part of them, on Proof before them, to cause the Assessment made for such current Year to be muended in respect of such Source of Profit, as the Case shall require; and in case the Sum assessed shall have been paid, to certify under their Hands and Seals to the Governor and Company of the Bank of En^ Ittndy or the Receiver General to whom the same shall have been paid, the Amount of the Sum overpaid upon such first Assessment; and on Production of such Certificate, it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company to direct their Cashier or Cashiers, and for the said Receiver General to repay such Sum as shall have been so overpaid, out of any publick Monies in the Hands of such Cashier or Cashiers, or of such Receiver General, who respectively shall, if necessary, replace the same out of the first Monies that shall come to their Hands respectively of the Duties granted by this Act, for which Payments the Certificate of the said respective Commissioners shall be a sufficient Authority.

CLXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person charged to the said last mentioned Duties, whether the Computation thereon shall have been made on the Profits of one Year, or an Average, as herein allowed, shall cease to exercise the Profession, or to cany on the Trade, Employment, or Vocation, in respect whereof such Assessment was made, or shall die, before the End of the Year current at the Time of making such Assessment, or shall from any other specifick Cause be deprived of or lose the Profits or Gains on which the Computation of Duty charged in such Assessment was made, it shall be lawful for such Person, or the Heirs, Executors, Adrainiltrators, or Assigns of such Person, to make Application to the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, within three Calendar Months after the End of such Year, and on due Proof thereof, to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause the Assessment to be amended or vacated as the Case may require, and to give such Relief to the Party charged, his or her Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, as shall be just; and in Cases requiring the fame, to direct in Manner before mentioned*, Re-payment to be made of such Sum as shall have been overpaid on the Assessment amended or vacated: Provided always, that where any Person shall have succeeded to the Trade or Business of the Party charged, no such Abatement shall be made, unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that the Profits and Gains of such Trade or Business have fallen short from some specifick Cause, to be alleged to them and proved, fmee such Change or Succession took place, 01* by reason thereof; but such Person so succeeding to the same shall be liable to the Payment of the full Duties thereon, without any new Assessment.

CLXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person or Persons shall have been or shall be assessed in one District to the last mentioned Duties, whether charged on such Person or Persons on his, her, or their own Accounts, or in any of the Characters herein before deferred, on the Behalf of any other Person or Persons, and shall have been or shall be again assessed in another District for the same Cause and on the same Account, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to apply to the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, acting for the Division or Place for which such Persons shall have been so assessed as aforesaid, for the

Purpose

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 122.

Purpose of being' relieved from such double Assessment; and the Commissioners acting for the Division or Place within which such Person or Persons shall have been first assessed to the said Duties, shall, upon Application, give or cause to be given a Certificate, under the Hands of any two of such Commissioners, of the Amount of the Assessment there made, which Certificate shall be givengrotu; upon the Production of wh; ch Certificate to the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, acting for lach other District within which such Person or Persons shall have been assessed for the same Cause and on the same Account, such last mentioned Commissioners shall, upon being satisfied that such Person or Persons has or have been doubly assessed, cause the Assessment made in such District, or such Part thereof for which such double Assessment shall be made, to be vacated, so that such Person or Persons may not remain charged by more than one Assessment for the same Cause and on the same Account.

CLXIV. And be it further enacted, That if by any Error, an Assessment, or any Part thereof, shall be made under this Act, upon the Profits or Gain* arising from any Property, or from any Office or Employment of Profit which shall have been other wise charged under this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Com-ir rlioners acting for the Purposes of this Act in relation to the Duties contained in Schedule (D.), on due Proof thereof to their Satisfaction, to cause such Assessments, or such Part thereof as shall be so doubly assessed, to be vacated, and which Proof shall be either by a Certificate of the Assessment made on such Property, or on such Office or Employment, under the Hands of two or more of the Commissioners by whom such last mentioned Assessment shall have been made, and that the same is included in such last mentioned Assessment, or by other lawful Evidence given of those Fasts on the Oartoor Oaths of any credible Witness or Witnesses.

CLXV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, for any District, as Commissioners for the general Purposes of this Act, (Hall be charged and assessed by the additional Commissioners for the same District, and the additional Commissioners acting for the same Biftrift shall be charged and assessed to the said Duties by each other respectively, and according as they ought to be charged $ arnd that any two of the said respective Commissioners acting for any District shall respectively be Competent to assess any other Person acting as such Commissioner for the lame District, in like Manner, and with and under the like Pbwers as if such Person had not acted as such Commissioner; and the said several Commissioners shall respectively divide themselves in such Manner as that every such Commissioner shall be assessed by two other Commissioners, and the Appeal therefrom (if any).may be determined by two Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, neither of whom shall be concerned or interestedin the Determination thereof, either for him or herself, or in any Character before described for any other Person or Persons; and the said additional Commissioners shall respectively establish such Regulations amongst themselves* for chargingartd assessing each other in Manner aforesaid, as may most Cffeftually secure a fair and impartial Assessment upon every Commissioner, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; provided that any Commissioner whose Statement or Schedule shall be under Consideration, or shall be concerned1 or interested therein, either for himself or for any other Person or Persons, in any Character before described, shall have no Voice, and shall not be present except upon an Appeal for the Purpose of being examined viva voce by the Commissioners then having his Assessment or Schedule under Confident tion, but shall withdraw during the Consideration and Determination thereof.

CLXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Assessments made upon Profits or Gams under Schedule (D.), made by the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, or under their Authority, by Reference as aforesaid, or 4f any other of the said Duties to be charged under the same ProvHibns and Regulations, shall be entered in Books, with the Name and* Names, or the Description of the Person or Persons, Corporations, Companies, or Societies of Persons, to be charged therewith, and their respective Places of Abode set>opposite thereto, and which Entries shall respectively be numbered progressively, or lettered*. or dilHnguished by Numbers or Letters, as the said respective Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act shall think proper; and that when and as fodn as the said respective Commissioners shall have caused to be made aay such Entry in such Book, they shall debver to the Person or Persons charged by such Assessihent, or to some Person or Persons there attending on his, heiv or their Behalf, a Certificate under the Hands of two or more of such Commissioners, specifying the Amount of the Sums to be paid within one Year upon such Assessment; and every such Certificate shall be numbered or lettered with the same Number or Letter as the Entry in the Book of the said Commissioners to which such Certificate shall relate shall be marked and numbered, or lettered, without, naming or oSherwiffi describing the Person or Persons charged thereby which Certificate shall) on Production thereof, be a sufficient Authority to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England', and to the respective Receivers General and their Deputies in England, and the Receiver General in Scotland, and to the respective Collectors as herein after mentioned, from Time to Time to receive from any Person or Persons bearing and producing such Certificate or Certificates, the Amount of the Sums therein contained, in such Proportions thereof as by this Act are made payable by Instalments, and at the Times by this Act appointed for Payment thereof, or in Advance; and on the Payment of the Sums contained irr any fuehs Certificate* or any Proportion thereof, the said Governor and Company, and the said Receivers General, and their respective Deputies, and the said Collectors, shall give Certificates for the fame, acknowledging the Receipt of the Sum paid on account of the Certificate of the aid respective Commissioners by the Number and Letter marked thereon, as before directed.

CLXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and aMb th'ev additional Commissioners acting in relation to the Duties contained in Schedule (D.), shall, in their respective Books of Assessment, enter and cause to be entered the several Amounts of the Sums assessed by them, and they shall from Time to Time make out or cause to be made out, and shalltransinit or cause to be transrtifcted, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes* Aftxronts of the Amount of Duty assesseck'by them, distlhgutshing thfe Amount charged on each Person, which- Accounts shall Severally be t made out, with the Particulars required by this Act; and they shall tdfo from TMc to Time make out, or cause to bt mad£ out, and shall transmh or

4. cause

1047

Relief from double Assessment by including in Schedule (D.) Property otherwise chargeable.

Modeofafleffing Commissioners and additional Commissionert by each other.

No Commissioners shall act where irue-rested.

Assessments of the Duties under Schedule (D.), made by r Referee, shall be entered, and Certificates of the Amount delivered by a Number or Letter (Joe §11 a.).

Such Certificater shall Huthome the Bank, tht Receivers Genejal, &c.to receive

Payment*

thereon, Sec.

Comraiffionert fhalV enter their Assessments in Bookv and fend Accounts toltafr Tax Office.

1048 C. 122.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

Duplicates of Afle Aments shall be sent to Remembrancers and Receivers General.

Appointment of Deputies to Receivers General in Towns, &c.;

for whom Receiver General shall be answerable.

Allowance to such Deputy Receiver,

Such Deputy shall account and pay weekly.

Commissioners may deliver Duplicates to Deputy Receivers, &c. under Numbers.

(See §166.)

How Arrears of Rich Duties shall be recove able. {See §172.)

Commissioners shall regulate Payment of Assessments made after the Time of Payment by Installments shall have elapsed.

(See no.)

Duties payable (under §170.) may be paid into the Bank, 01 to the Rcceiver, &c.

(fee $ tu.), and on Default may he levied as other Duties under the Commissioners for Taxes.

§ no.)

cause to be transmitted to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, Lifts containing the Name, Description, and Place of Residence, of all and every Person or Persons assessed by them respectively, as soon as the Came, conveniently can be done, which Lifts shall be made out according to an alphabetical Arrangement of the respective Parishes or Places of Residence in their respective Districts.

CLXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever such Assessments shall be completed in any District, the respective CommissionierB for the Purposes of this Act acting therein, shall cause to be delivered a Duplicate on Parchment under their Hands and Seals, fairly written, contaifting the whole Sums assessed by them into the King's Remembrancer's Office of the Exchequer in England and Scotland respectively; and the said Commissioners shall also deliver a like Duplicate unto the respective Receivers-General in England and Scotland respectively.

CLXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Receiver General, at the Request of any Commissioner acting for the Purposes of this Act, in relation to the said last mentioned Duties, in or for any City or Town in Great Britain (except within the City of London, or within ten Miles of the same), and with the Approbation of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to appoint a fit and proper Person resident in such City or Town, who shall give Security to the Satisfaction of the said Receiver General, to be his Deputy for the Receipt of the said last mentioned Duties arising within such City or Town, or within the Diilri& where such City or Town shall be situate, Regard being had in such Appointment to the Population and Extent of such City or Town, for which Deputy the said Receiver General shall be answerable; and it shall be lawful for the said respective Commissioners to allow lo the Deputy so appointed, such Salary and Reward for his Attendance and Trouble therein as shall be agreed upon between such Commissioners and the Person to be appointed such Deputy, and as shall be approved of by the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, not exceeding the Rate of one Penny Halfpenny of the Sum received by such Deputy, and paid over to such Receiver General, which Allowance such Deputy is hereby empowered to detain out of the Payments made ou account of each Instalment as they shall be paid; and such Deputy shall, on some Day in every Week, to be named in the Bond to be entered into by him, pay or remit to such Receiver General the whole Amount of the Duties then in his Hands, and shall faithfully account for the same to such Receiver General.

CLXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, to issue out and deliver to the respective Collectors, except where a Deputy Receiver shall be appointed as herein is directed, and to such Deputies where such Appointments have been made. Duplicates of the Assessments made by them, containing the Sums assessed on each Person, together with the Number or Letter set opposite thereto, in their respective Books before mentioned, without naming such Persons, with their Warrants for their receiving the said Duties charged by such Commissioners respectively, as the same shall become payable as aforesaid; and all such Sums shall be paid to the respective Collectors or Deputy Receiver, where such shall have been appointed, or into the Bank of England; and such Part thereof as mail not be so

{>aid to them, shall be levied and collected as herein after is mentioned, and in Default of the same being so evied, shall be recoverable as a Debt upon Record to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Manner before directed in other Cases.

CLXXI. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that this Act cannot be executed previous to the Time appointed for the Payment of the first or any subsequent Instalracnt of the said last mentioned Duties, it mail be lawful for the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, who shall have made or allowed any Assessment after the Period appointed for any such Payment, which they are hereby declared to be competent to do whenever the same shall be necessary, to settle and adjust at what Time and in what Proportions the Instalment or Instalments, of which the Time or Times for Payment shall then have elapsed, shall be paid, in such Manner as to them shall appear just and reasonable, Regard being had to the Amount of such Assessment, and the Number of Periods appointed for the Payment of Instalments then to come (if any) in the Year of making the Assessment.

CLXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties payable on such last mentioned Assessments shall be paid either into the Bank of England, or to the Deputy of such Receiver General, where such shall be appointed, or to the Collector or Collectors for the Parish or Place, at the Election of the Party charged, by such quarterly Instalments* as aforesaid, before the respective Days before appointed for such Payments, according to the Regulations of this Act: and the Certificates hereby required to be given on such Payments shall be delivered to the respective Commissioners, or to one or more of them, or to then Clerk at their Office, before the Times when the same are hereby made payable, taking his or their Receipt for the fame, which Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for the Money so paid, in Satisfaction of so much of the Assessment as shall be mentioned in such Certificate to be so paid; and if any Person shall neglect to pay the same at the Time and in the Manner hereby directed for Payment of such Duties, or having paid the same shall neglect to deliver the Certificate required to be given in such Payment as herein-before directed, it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and they are hereby required to deliver a Duplicate of all Sums assessed on any Person or Persons who shall have made Default in paying, or accounting for the Payment of the same, together with their Warrant, to such Collector or Collectors as they shall appoint to levy the Sums in Arrear and unpaid, and which Duplicate shall be made out, and iVhich Sums shall be levied, according to the Regulations of the said recited Acts respectively.

CLXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Cashier of the Bank of England shall, on the Receipt of any of the said last mentioned Duties, enter the same in the Books to be provided for that Purpose, and all such Sums shall be entered under the Letter or Number contained in the Certificatef; and every such Account kept at the Bank of England shall be entered under the Head of li The Account of the Commissioners acting for the of w as the Case may require, and shall enter in like Manner in such Books

all Sumo which shall be paid by Referees to the separate Accounts of the Commissioners, ordering such

Payment of such Duties shall he entered in Books at the Bank-

f [See: §166.]

And also Payments by Referees. (&&§ 117.)

References

A.D. 1803. 43 GEORGII III. C. 122. 1049

References respectively; and the Deputy Receivers and Collectors (halt on the like Receipt cause the same to be Deputy Recsjv-Avrote off in their respective Duplicates; and the said Cashier or Cashiers, or Deputy or Deputies to such Re- «*. ^al! ceivers, or Collector or Collectors, shall, whenever he or they shall be required by the respective Conuni(Iioncrav w, ltf for the Purposes of this Act, deliver to them a tme Account of all Sums paid at the Bank of England* or to y

such Deputies or Collectors respectively, on account of the Duties charged by them respectively; and shall Accounts Of also transnpt to the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, whenever required by them so to do, Sums received a true Account of the Sums so paid. shall be sent to thebommissionerv, and to the Tax Office.

CLXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, at any Time or Such Duties may Times during the Continuance of this Act, to pay or cause to be paid in Advance to the Governor and Com- he paid in Ad-pany of the Bank of England, or to their Cashier or Cashiers, or to the Deputy of any Receiver General ap- vance into the pointed under this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money charged as last aforesaid, or by Reference by virtue of this DeutvRccciver AC, and to require a Certificate or Certificates acknowledging such Payment; and it shall be lawful for the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Bank of England, and for such Deputy Receiver as aforesaid, on Production of and a Discount the Notice or Certificate of such Assessment at the Time of Payment of the said Duty in Advance (the Sum allowed, so paid not in any Case to be kfs than the Sum which appears by such Certificate to be payable by two Installments) to make an Allowance at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum out of the Sum or Sums so paid in Advance, calculated upon such Sum or Sums for the Period or Periods by which each respective Sun*

shall be paid foontr than the Period prescribed by this Act for Payment thereof; and in every such Case the said Cashier or Caftners, or Deputy Receiver as aforesaid, shall give the Persons paying the same a Certificate of Rich Payment, specifying therein the Number of Instalments thereby discharged, and the Amount of the Allowance for such prompt Payment, and referring thereby to the Notice or Certificate of Assessment then produced, and the Numbc^or Letter therein mentioned*, and all such Allowances shall be made by the said*(See

Cashier or Cashiers out of the Duties to be paid in at the Bank of England at the Time of passing the same

and all Certificates made out by the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England

as aforesaid, or by any Deputy to any Receiver General, appointed as herein mentioned*)-, being delivered at the f ($* $69 )

respective Offices of inch Commissioners, shall be received by them as Calli in Discharge of the Assessments, and shall be allowed to them in their Accounts.

CLXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Schedule herein after mentioned marked (E.) and the Schedule (E.) Rules therein contained, shall be deemed and construed a Part of this Act, as if the same had been herein deemed Part of inserted under a special Enaftmeot. th, s A<*

Said Duties Hull be oharged on all$alaiies, Fces, or Piofiis whatever, deducing Dmiei charge-

SCHEDULE (R). Schedule (E.)

A Schedule of the Rates and Duties payable by Persons having, using, or exercising any publick Dufies upon

Office, or Employment of Profit: 6 Publick Office,

r J or Employments,

Upon every publick Office or Employment of Profit, and upon every Annuity, Pension, or Stipend, payable andon Annuities, by his Majesty, or out of the publick Revenue of Great Britain, except Annuities before charged to the Duties Petitions, &c. contained in Schedule (C)*, for every twenty Shillings of the annual Value thereof respectively, there shall be cs*°ihrfc duiged the Sum of one ShiUing.

Rules for charging the said Duties*

First. — The said Duties shall be charged on the Person or Persons respectively having, using, or exercising such Offices or Employments of Profit, or to whom such Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, shall be payable, for all Salaries, Fees, Wages, Perquisites, or Profits whatsoever accruing by reason of such Offices, Employments, or Pensions, after deducting the Amount of Duties payable or chargeable on the same by virtue cf any Act or Acts of Parliament, where the same have been really and bondJiJe paid and home by the PuVty to be charged:

And each Assessmci.t in respect of such Offices or Employments shall be in Force for one whole Year, and (hell able underul.tr be levied for such Year, without any new Assessment, notwithstanding a Change may have taken place in such Aits-,

Office or Employment, cn the Person or Persons for the Time having or exercising the fame; provided the' and shall be in Person quitting such Office cr Employment, or dying within the Year, his or their Executors or Administratons P^'ce ivr one shall be liable for the Arrears due before or at the Time of his so quitting such Office or Employment or ^car* dying, and for such further Portion of Time as shall then have elapsed, to be fettkd by the respective Commissioners, and his or their Successor or Successors shall be repaid such Sums as he or they shall have paid on All Aircnri fl»a!l account of such Portion of the Year as aforesaid; and each Assessment in respect of such Annuity, Pension, or Stipend shall be in Force for one whole Year, unless the same shall cease or expire within the Year, by L*apse, ihiir, offices or Deal!), or otherwise, from which Period the Assessment thereon shall be discharged. dvin-.*Like IW/ifion loi i cease

Second. — The said Duties to be* afieffed by the respective Comnvifioners for all the Offices in each Depart- S-nd Dutie^ th .1

ment, in the Plac* where the said Commissioners shall execute their Offices, although certain of the Offices in, offie* in each'

the same Department may be executed elsewhere, and shall be due and payable from the respective Officers and! Dcpann-ent their respective Successors for the Time being. when ihe Cmuuiflioners , »<fU

Third. — The said Duties shall be paid on all Offices and Employments of Profit of the Description herein- Drscription of after mentioned within Great Bn: a n; (CidtlketJ* any Office belonging to either House of Parliament, or to Office* to ke -any Court of Juiliec, whether of Law or Equity, in England or Srotjaad* /E/Zrty - the Duchy of J»ancafltr* the cli.irpixj.

Duchy of Cornwall; or any Criminal or judiciary or Ecclesiastical ^qurt, or Court of Admiralty, or Commissary Court; any publick Office held under the civil Government of his Majesty, or in any County Palatine* or the Duchy of Cornwall; any Commissioned Officer serving on the Staff, or belonging to his Majesty's Army in any Regiment of Artillery, Infantry, Royal Marines, Royal Garrison Battalions, or Corps of Engineers, or of any Court Martial; auy Officer in the Navy or the Militia act,- Office or Employment of, profit held

43 Geo. III. 6 S wtder

Schedule (£.)

Profits may be

-eftirnated on the preceding Year, or on an Aveiage of three Y$?ars.

Said Duty on such Salaries, Sec. as are payable at any Publick Office may be flopped there.

Said Duties on other Salaries, Sec. may be flopped by the Persons employed to pay the same.

How Offices

charged with Sums to others shall pay Duties.

Duty charged upon a Principal for Salaries paid his Deputy shall be deducted out of such Salary.

Official Deductions out of Salaries shall be allowed.

Commissioners for the Duties on Offices in Pub-Jick Departments shall be appointed by the principal Officers.

Where three Officers cannot be found, or'are not appointed in due Time (fee % 179.), the Treasury m England, and the Exchequer in Scotland, may appoint Cm-fuilfoners. Several Offices»y be united

C. 122. 43* GE.ORGII III. A.D. 1803.

trader any Ecclesia stical Body, whether Aggregate or Sole, or under any Corporation, or any Company or!

Society, whether Corporate or not Corporate 5 any Office \ or Employment pi Profit under any publick InftU tution, or on any publick Foundation, of whatever Nature or for whatever Purpose the fajne may be established; any Omce or Employment of Profit, in any County, Riding, or Division, Shire, or Stewartry; or in; any City, Borough, Town Corporate, or Place; or under any Trusts or Guardians of any Fund, Tolls, ori Duties to be exercised in such County, Riding, Division, Shire, or Stewartry, City, Borough, Town Qorporata^. or Place; and every other publick Office or Employment of Profit of a publick Nature.

Fourth. — The Perquisites to be assessed under this Act shall be deemed to be such Profits of Offices and Employments as arise from Fees or other Emoluments, and payable- either by the Crown or the Subjects, i in the Course of executing such Offices or Employments; and shall and may be estimated either on the Profits, of the preceding Year, or of the fair and just Average of one Year of the Amount of the Profits thereof, in the three Years preceding such Years in each Case respectively, ending on the fifth Day of April in each Year* or such other Day of each Year on which the Accounts of such Profits have been usually made up.

Fifth. — In all Cases where any Salaries, Fees, Wages, or other Perquisites, or Profits, or any Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends shall be payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer, or at any publick Office, or by any Officer of his Majesty's Household, or by any of his Majesty's Receivers or Paymasters, or by any Agent or Agents, employed in that Behalf, then and in every such Case the Duties chargeable under this Act in respect of such Salaries, Fees, Wages, Perquisites, or Profits, or in respect of such Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, shall and may, in case of Non-payment thereof, be detained and flopped out of the same, or out of any Money which, shall be payable upon such Salaries, Fees, Wages, Perquisites, or Profits, or upon such Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, or for the Arrears thereof, whenever the lame shall happen, and be applied to the Satisfaction of the Duties on such Offices or Employments, or on such Annuities, renfions, or Stipends respectively (not being otherwise paid) in the Manner directed by this Act.

Sixth. — In all Cases where the Salaries, Fees, Wages, Allowances, or Profits <*f any Officer or Officers, chargeable to the said Duties shall not arise out of any of the Offices mentioned in the foregoing Rule, but shall arise from any other Office or Employment of Profit chargeable to the said Duties, and the Salaries, Fees, Wages, Perquisites, or Profits shall be payable at such Office by any Officer or Officers thereof, or by any Receiver or Receivers of the same respectively, or by any Agent or Agents employed in that Behalf, the Duties chargeable under this Act in respect of such Salaries, Fees, Wages, Perquisites, or Profits, shall be detained and flopped out of the same, or oht of any Money which shall be paid upon such Salaries, Fees^ Wages, Perquisites, or Profits, or for Arrears thereof, whenever the same shall happen, and be applied to the Satisfaction of the Duties (not otherwise paid) in the Manner directed by this Act.

rSeventh. — Such Portion of the said Duties on Offices or Employments of Profit, or on Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, as are charged with any Sum or Sums of Money payable to any other Person or Persons, shall be deduded out of the Sums payable to such other Person or Persons, as a like Rate on such Sums respectively would amount unto; and all such Persons, their Agents and Receivers, shall allow such Deductions and Payments upon Receipt of the Residue of such Sums.

Eighth. — Such Portion of the said Duties charged on any Office or Employment of Profit, executed by any Deputy or Clerk, or other Person employed under the Principal in such Office, and paid by such Principal out of the Salary, Fees, Wages, Perquisites, or Profits of such Principal, shall be deduded out of the Salary or Wages so payable, as a lie Rate on such Salary or Wages would amount unto; and all such Deputies, Clerks, and other Persons so employed, shall allow to their respective Principals such Deductions and Payments, upon* the Receipt of the Residue of such Salaries or Wages.

Ninths — In estimating the Duty payable for any such Office or Employment of Profit, or any Pension, Annuity, or Stipend, all official Deductions and Payments made upon the Receipt of the Salaries, Fees, Wages* Perquisites, and Profits thereof, or in passing the Accounts belonging to such Office, or upon the Receipt of such Pension, Annuity, or Stipend, shall be allowed to be deduded; provided a due Account thexeof be rendered to the said Commissioners, and proved to their Satisfaction.'>

CLXXVI. And, for the ordering, raising, levying, and paying of the said Sums of Money hereby made ' payable thereon, ' be it further enacted, That all and every the principal Officer or Officers of each publick De-. partment of Office under his Majesty throughout Great Britain, whether the same shall be Civil, Judicial, or Crimiual, Ecclesiastical, or CommiflTariate, Military or Naval, shall appoint Commissioners from and amongst the Officers of each Department of Office respectively, and the Persons so appointed shall be Commissioners for executing this Act as aforesaid, and the Powers therein contained in relation to the Offices in each such Department respectively: Provided always, that where there shall not be three such Officers as directed by this Act, in any such Department, fit and proper to execute this Act, as such Commissioners, who shall be respectively appointed within the Time limited by this Act, or where there shall be any Default in appointing such Commissioners as aforesaid, the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for England, Wales, and Berwick* tipon-Tweed, and the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall, within the Time herein limited, appoint fit and proper Persons, as directed by this Act, to be Commissioners for executing this Act in the several Departments of Offices aforesaid for which they shall be appointed from and amongst the Officers in the several Departments respectively, uniting for the Purposes of this Act, in Cases requiring the fame, two or more Offices under the same Commissioners and other Officers for assessing and collecting the same as directed by this Act, in one Assessment; and where any Dispute shall arise, touching the Department in which any Office is executed, the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury and Barons of the Court of Exchequer respectively as aforesaid,

" shall determine the Faroe: Provided also, that where no Appointment shall be made of Commissioners before the Expiration of the Time limited by this Act, the Commissioners fipr executing this Act* in relation to the Duties on

43° GEORGII III.

C. 122. '1051

or in Default Commissionm for Schedules. (A.) and (B.) (§jt.), may a£h

Mode of appointing Cumin iflioners lor Office* in the Houses of Parliament, Counties Palatine, Inferior Courts, Eccleiuitical CeurU, Sec.; whose Appoint-mem shall be notified.

In Default Commissioners under

Duties on Offices in Corporations, be.

County and Parochial Offices.

on Lands and Tenements, flail, in their fdvernl Districts, filfo execute this Act in relation to the said Duties on Offices and Employments of Profits exercised within the same Districts respectively; and the Appointment of such Commissioners shall be notified to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, and to the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and the Want of such Notification in due Time, shall be deemed full Proof of the Want of such Appointment.

CLXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the principal Clerks or other Officers of either House of Parliament, the principal or other Officers in the several Counties Palatine, and the Duchy of Cornwall, or in any Ecclesiastical Court, or in any inferior Court of Justice, whether of Law or Equity, or Criminal 01 Judiciary, or under any Ecclesiastical Body or Corporation, whether Aggregate or Sole, throughout Great Britain, shall Appoint Commissioners from ana amongst the Officers in their respective Departments { and the Persons so appointed, or any three or more of them, not in any Case exceeding seven, shall be Commissioners for executing this Act, and the Powers therein contained, in relation to the Offices and Employments of Profit in each such

Department respectively, which Appointment (Hall be made, and the Names of the Commissioners shall be transmitted to the Office for Taxes, or to the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, within the #.Time herein limited: Provided always, that where no such Appointment shall be made of Commissioners before

the Expiration of the Time limited by this Act, the Commissioners for executing this A6\ in relation to the Duties on Lands and Tenements, shall in their several Districts, on due Notice of such Default in the Manner herein directed, also execute this Act in relation to the Duties on such Offices or Employments of Profit ex-^rcifed within the same Districts respectively. Schedules (A.) and (B.) ( % 3 r.). shall adL

CLXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, or the Bailiffs Commissionen

and Capital Buigeffes, or the principal Officers or Members by whatever Name they shall be called, of every Corporate City, Borough, Town, or Place, and of every Cinque Port throughout Great Britain, or any three or more of them, not in any Case exceeding seven, shall be Commissioners for executing this Act, and the Powers

therein contained, in relation to the Offices or Employments of Profit in such City, Corporation, and Cinque Port, and in every Guild, Fraternity, Company, or Society, whether Corporate or not Corporate, within such City, Corporation, or Cinque Port; And for all Offices or Employments of Profit (not being Publick Offices or Employments of Profit under his Majesty) in such County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, Liberty, Franchise,

Town, or Place, whether in the Appointment of the Lieutenant Custos Rotulorum, or the Justices or Magistrates or Sheriff of such County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, Liberty, Franchise, Town, or Place, or of any Trustees or Guardians of any Trull or Fund in such County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, Town,

' or Place, and for all Parochial Officers in the same respectively (except Corporate Offices in Cities, Corporate Towns, Boroughs, or Places, or Offices in Cinque Ports as aforesaid), the Commissioners for executing this Act ia relation to the Duties on Lands and Tenements shall, in their several Districts, aHo execute this Act in relation to the said Duties on Offices in such County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, Liberty, Franchise, Town, or Place; and such respective Commissioners shall and may exercise any of the Powers contained in this Act, in relation to any of the Duties herein mentioned, for causing due Returns to be made from the respective Officers within their respective Jurisdictions, and for compelling the Assessors to make their Certificates of Assessment, and returning the fame, and for the due Coiltdion of and accounting for the said Duties, and to ad therein in all respects as fully and effectually as any other Commissioners are hereby empowered to ad in relation to the said other Duties; provided the Monies collected of the said Duties under the respective Commissioners acting for such Offices in Corporate Cities, Boroughs, Towns, or Places aforesaid, or in the Cinque Ports, or in the several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Liberties, Franchises, Towns, and Places,

shall be paid to the Receiver General of the County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartnr, and not otherwise, and that the like Duplicates shall be delivered of such last mentioned Duties, as in other Cases where the same are directed be paid in like Manner #.

CLXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Appointment of Commissioners for executing this Act, in relation to the Duties on Offices and Employments of Profit as aforesaid, in England, Wales, and Berotic k-upon-Tweed, shall respectively be notified to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, within one Calendar Month'

after the passing of this Act, with respect to the first Assessment under the fame, and within one Calendar Month after the fifth Day of April in any future Year; and m Default thereof the Appointment of such Commissioners shall devolve on the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or on the Commissioners of the District, as the Case may happen: Provided always, That such Appointment by the Commissioners of the Treasury shall take place within one Calendar Month after the Notification of such Default as aforesaid, from the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and in case of no Appointment as last aforesaid, to be notified in like Manner, the Execution of this Act shall devolve on the Commissioners before mentioned, appointed for the District in relation

' to the Duties on Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments: Provided also, that such Appointments by the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland\ shall take place in every Case of such Default as aforesaid, from the Space of one Calendar Month after the respective Period* before limited; and in case no such Appointment shall be made by the said Barons within one Calendar Month after such Default, then the Execution of this Act shall devolve on the Commissioners before mentioned, appointed fqr the District in relation to the Duties on Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments.

CLXXX. And be it further enacted, That such Appointments shall be for the Term of one Assessment under this Act, and until other Commissioners shall be appointed for the subsequent Assessment; and which Appointments may be renewed annually on or before the fifth Day of April in each Year during the Continuance of this Act.

CLXXXI. And be it enacted, That every Person to be assessed for his Office or Employment shall be deemed to have exercised the same at the He?d Office of the Department under which such Office or Employment shall be held, and shall be rated for such Office or Employment as if exercised at such He«d Office, al-

6 S 2 though

*[Sir §x63.] Appointment of Commissioners shall be n>tifitd lo Tax Office within one Month, or in Default the Treasury shall appoint within another Month, or the Corn mi f-sioners for the Dillri<^, shall s&. Like Provisiofi a* to Scotland.

Duration of Ute Appointments.

Inferior Office, (hr.I be deemed

to he exercised at the Head Office.

In what Departments inferior Olfire, flwll LC

h

Commissioners lor Duties on Penfi >ns, £tc. (Ste § r75 )

All such Commissionc-5, after taking the Oath [/e.Srhcd.(V.)]t shall appoint Clerk, Affeliars, and Collectors, from the Officers in the respective Departments. Assefijrs shall make C ertifi-cates of AflVflT-ment on Oath.

Penalty Tar Ke&lcft, look to 20l.

AflTessor shall have Access to Documents, Sec. and may requite Returns from Parties.

(Sse $ 107, &V.) The full Value of Office*, &c. shall be stated, though Abatements, &c. are claimedj which shall be determined as tinder Schedule

1A-) <*3')

Deputies in JKeceipt of the b'rutit*, and Receivers for dicti it uti. g to others, shall be answerable* for (he Duties.

*{Scc§ 189.)

C. 122. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

though the Duties of such Office or Employment shall be performed, or the Profits, or any Part thereof arising from such Office or Employment, shall be payable elsewhere within or out of Gwat Britain; and all AfT-flWrts made on any inferior Officer or Officers, wherever they shall exercise their Office or Employment, shall be rated accordingly in the same District where such Head Office shall be established.

CLXXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Office shall be deemed to belong to, and to be affifiVI by or under the principal Officers of that Department, by «r under whom the Appointment to such Office was made; provided that where such Appointment shall be made by any inferior Officer in any Department, then such Office shall be assessed by the same Commissioners by whom such inferior Officer shall be chargeable for his Office: Provided also, that where any such Appointment shall be held under the Great Seal or Privy Seal either of England or Scotland, or shall be made under the Royal Sign Manual, or where any such Appointment shall be under the Hands or Seals of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, and the same shall not be trxercifed in the Department of the Treasury, then the Officer holding the same shall be assessed in that Department where the Salaries, Fees, Wages, Perquisites, or Profits belonging to such Offices respectively shall be payable: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to limit the Right heivin-before given to Commissioners of the Dillrift of afieffing Offices before described*within th^ir respefctive Jurisdictions, although such Offices, or any of them, may not be held under their Appointment, or the Profits of such Offices may not be payable by them or their Order.

CLXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That for the better Execution of this Act, so far as the same relates to the Duties hereby granted on Annuities or Pensions payable by his Majesty, contained m Schedule (E.), and for the ordering, raising, levying, and paying of the several Sums of Money hereby made payable thereon, the principal Officers in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer in England, and the Remembrancer, Auditor, Receivers, and Clerks of the Pipe in the Exchequerin Scotland, or their respective Deputies, shall be Commissionl-ers for executing this Act, and all the Powers herein contained, iu relation to the said last mentioned Duties.

CLXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the several Commissioners authorized to act in the Execution, of this Act, in relation to the Duties on Offices or Employments of Profit, and on Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, as soon after their respective Appointments as conveniently can be done, in their respective Departments, shall meet at some convenient Place, in order to qualify themselves by their taking the Oaths prescribed by this Act, and shall have Power to elect a Clerk, and an Aflefibr or Assessors, and a Collector or Collectors of the said Duties to be a(fe(Ted by them, from and amongst the Officers in their respective Departments, which Assessor3 shall, within a Time to be fixed by the respective Commissioners, deliver to them their Certificates of Assessment in Writing under their Hands, to be verified upon their Oaths or solemn Affirmations, and not otherwise, of the full and just annual Value of all Offices and Employments of Profit, chargeable under this Act, in the Department for which they shall be appointed Assessors, and of all Pensions, Annuities, and Stipends, estimated according to this Act, {after deducting the Sum and Sums payable thereout respectively by virtue of any former Act or Acts, where the same have been really and Iona Jidc paid and borne by the Party to be charged, ) with the Names and Surnames of the several Officers and Persons entitled to Penfious, Annuities, or Stipends, and the several Sums of Money they ought to pay by virtue of this Act, at the Rate of one Shilling for every twenty Shillings of such Value, without Abatement or Deduction, and without Concealment or Favour, upon Pain of Forfeiture for every Neglect in the Premises, of any Sum not exceeding one hundred Pounds nor less than twenty Pounds; which said Assessors are hereby (Iriftly enjoined and required, with all Care and Diligence, to charge and assess themselves, and all other Officer?, Clerks, and Persons employed in their respective Departments of Office; and with respect to the Duty on Pensions, to charge and assess all Persons entitled unto any such Pensions, and respectively to make their Assessments according to the Provisions of this A Si; and every such AiTessor shall have free Access to all Documents and Papers whatever in their respective Offices, touching the Salaries, Fees, Wages, Perquisites, and Profits of any Officer, Clerk, or Person aforesaid, belonging to their respective Offices, and touching the Amount of the respective Pensions, and shall be at Liberty whenever the same may be necessary, to require Returns from the Parties themselves, according to the Provisions of this Act, that they may be enabled to make a true Assessment in pursuance thereof.

CLXXXV. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where any Person holding such Offices or Employments, or being entitled unto any Pension, Annuity, or Stipend, as aforesaid, shall claim an Abatement under this Act, or to be discharged wholly from such Assessment, the Commissioners shall nevertheless so down in such Assessment the Names of Inch Perkins, and the full and just annual Value of such Offices, Employmer4s, Pensions, Annuities, or Stipends, and the Claims to such Abatements shall be preferred and examined, and the Merits thereof shall be heard and determined under the Regulations of this Act, with respect to the AffeifcncnU on Lands and other the Premises contained in Schedule (A.), which Regulations (bail severally be applied to the said Duties on such Offices, Employments of Profit, Pensions, Annuities, and Stipends, as fully and effectually as if the same were expressly so applied by this Act.

CLXXXVI. And be it enacted, That where any Office or Employment of Profit chargeable by this Act, is or shall be executed by Deputy, such Deputy shall, in all Cases where he shall receive the Profits thereof, be answerable for and shall pay such Assessment as shall be charged thereon, and deduct the same out of the Profits of such Office or Employment; and where the Salaries, Fees, Wages, Emoluments, or Profits of any Officer or Officers in any such Office, shall be receivable by any one or more of the said Officers for the Die of such Offieir or Officers, or as a Fund to be divided among! such Officers in certain Proportions, the Officer or Officers receiving such Salaries, Fees, Wages, Perquisites, or Profits, shall he answerable for the Duties charged (hereon, and shall pay the same, and deduct the same out of the Funds provided for such respective Offices or Employments before any Division or Apportionment thereof; and in case of Refusal or Non-payment thereof, shall be liable to such Dillrefc as by this Act is prescribed # against any Person having the Office or Hmployment, and to all other Remedies and Penalties respectively herein, contained.

C. 122

430 GEORGII nr.

CLXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the proper Officers, or their respective Deputies, and the Receivers and PaymasterS in every publick Department of Office, and in every other Office for which Commissioners are hereby intended to be appointed for raising the Duties hereby charged on such Offices respectivtdy; and any Agent or Agent^by whom any Salaries, Fees, Wages, Perquisites, or Profits, shall be payable, shall,

' upon Request to them made by the resptdlive Act (Tors for the said respective Duties, deliver gratis true Lifts or Accounts of all such Salaries, Fees, Wages, Perquisites, and Profits, received by them and belonging to such Offices respectively, and of all Pensions payable to them respectively, for the better Guidance of the said Assessors in charging the fame; and if the said Assessors shall be dissatisfied with such Accounts, it shall he lawful for them (6 require any Officer whose Office shall not be truly valued in such Account, to prepare and produce to them within the like Period of Time as is limited for the Returns of other Accounts by this Act, a List or Account of the Salaries, Fees, Wages, Perquisites, and Profits of the Office exercised by him; which Returns such Officer shall be obliged to make under the Penalties and Forfeitures contained in this Act for not making other Returns hereby required*; and from the Documents and Papers in their respective Offices, the fair! rc-speclive Assessors shall make their Certificates of Assessment upon the Persons holding such Offices, or entitled unto such Pensions respectively, according to the annual Value thereof, at the Rate in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and shall in like Manner as is before direct'd with resptcl to A (Lifers for any Parish or Place, bring in their said Certificates to the respective Commissioners for their Allowance, who shall forthwith let their Hands to the fame, which Assessments shall be in Force for one Year, commencing and payable at the like Periods as the AITefTments on Lands. Tenements, and Hereditaments, before mentioned, are made payable, and the said respective Commissioners for the Duties on Offices, shall cause the like Duplicates to be made thereof, and delivered to Collegers with like Warrants to collect the Lid Duties as isbefore.directed to be given to Collectors for any Parish or Place; and the said Collt6lors of the said Duties on Offices shall have the like Authority to demand and levy the said Duties as is herein given to Collegers of any Parish or Place: Provided always, that in all Cases where any Salaries, Fees, Wages, Perquisites, or Profits of any publick Office, be detained and flopped out of the same, or out of any Monies which shall be paid thereupon, and the Amount of the Monies so detained or (lopped of the Duties on Offices or Employments of Profit as aforesaid, shall be wrote off in the Bocks oT the Coile6lors of the said Duties in Satisfaction and Discharge thereof, pr of so much thereof as shall be so detained, and the proper Officers in the respective Offices shall keep true Accounts of all Monies (lopped, and (upon Request) shall give Copies of such Accounts to the proper Collectors of such Monies; and the Money so detained of the Duty on Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, shall be accounted for and paid in the Manner herein after di:e6led.

Cl.XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the particular Department in which any Assessment shall be made of the said Duties on Offices and Employments of Profit, or on Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, shall be answerable for the Amount of the Duties which shall be charged on the respective Officers of such Department, or on the Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, payable by such Department, or the Officers thereof, and for the said Duties being duly detained and flopped at such Offices, or their being demanded and levied according to the Direct ions of this Act, as any Parish or Place is hereby made answerable for the Duti^ charged by virtue of this Act, in such Parish or Place; and the Arrears of such Duties as may arise from the Default or Failure of any Collector appointed to collect and levy the same, or of any Officer pr Person whose Duty it (halite 4o detain and (lop the said Duties, shall beraifedand levied of the particular Collectors, Officers, and other Persons who (Kail have coll^&ed, detained, or (lopped such Duties, and shall r.ot have paid over the fame, as by this Act is directed, under the Powers contained in the said recited Acts respectively, in the Case of a Colic61 or therein mentioned; and that in Default of recovering the same as aforesaid, the said Arrears shall be assessedon the fame Officers respectmly, and on the Annuities, Pensions, and Stipends respectively, on which the Lid Duties shall have been charged, by duly apportioning the same amongst the several Officers and Persons assessed in the Assessment for thefime Department, in the same Year in which such Re-assessment shall be made, according to the Amount of each PersonAfiVffment therein, as nearly as the Case will admit, and by the like Rules, Methods, and Directions, by which the original Assessment was made, and under the liftc Powers as are herein.or in the said rected Acts respectively given in other Cases of Re-assessment.

CLXXXIX. And be it further enacted, Tint where any Person having, using, or exercising any Office or Employment of Profit which shall be charged to the Duties by this Act granted thereon ancT the said Duties cannot be detained and flopped in the Hands of the proper Officer or Officers, or in the Hands of any Agent or Agents employed to pay the Monies due inrespe6! of the said Office or Employment, or the same Monies shall, have been paid over to^he Person or Persons having, using, or extrcifing the Lid Office or Employment, and' 'such Person or Pertoas shall refuse or neglect to pay the Sum or Sums of Money charged upon him or them, r any two or more of the Commissioners for raising the Duties on the said Offices, shall and may, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, certify such Neglect or Rest.fid, and the Sum payable by virtue of this Act to the Commissioner3 for executing this Act in relation to Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the Parish or Flace where such Officer or Officers shall reside; and an} two or more of such Commissioners are hereby authorize d and required, upon Receipt of such Certificate, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower the respt6live Collegers of the said Duties, or the Col!e6lors of the Parish or Place where such Officer or Officers refulc, to levy the same by such Ways and Means as they arc aiuhotiztd tojjfcvy the Duties charged by them respectively in pursuance of this Act, and such Collegers are hereby authorized to execute such Warrant accordingly, and which shall be executed under the like Powers and in like Manner as is feereiwafter directed, and as if such Officer or Officers was or were charged to the said Duties in such Parish or Place, and the Monks arising thereby shall be paid to the Collegers charged withtht said Duties on such Office or Employment.

2 CXC. Pro-

1 °5: 3

A(T <Tjt» shall te 1'iirnifherl wktr Lifts A Salaries,

&c l.v the proper Receivers, ice.

and may vcq trite Returns itom the Raity.

(4V§ 107.US.V #t $-.«$is?.

s; )

AiTefi* u s shall deliver Ce. lifter* e of AfLlC-ivcut to Com? mWiono* ho ftn.Ji iitlou the f.nw, and giant Wdii jnts so: levying the Du.u s. (S c^49, cYf.) Where the Duties are stopptd, the Amount shall he* writ cn off in the Colleiftors'

Look, &lc\

Department of1 Orth e Ot.ill he answerable for Deficiencies.

Arrears shall re-assessld.

(&e §50, 51.)

\'-

Where Duties on ( ftices, Sec, cannot he Hupped, <In Nutv-payment the Amount shall be certified to Coreru'affionqrs of the

where lUeFarties fh.dl tefide, who shall levy the same as under i49-.v

1054 "C. 122.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

Qualification except theiv.

' Offitcs, inquired of certain Commissionui*.

Officer* atfing for Duties on*Office* liable to Penalties ns other Officer*.

Duty shall. b jdedu£tecJ when the Principal Sums are payable.

Exemptions and Abatements on Profits left than 60l. or from thence to 1501. per Annum.

Table of Rates from 60l. to 150).

Claim m Abatement Dull be proved before Comm i {Turners.

How Profits of; Lands, See. shall be estimated tinder Schedule (B.) (*3l.), to allow Abatements.

Abatements for Persons having more than two Children.

Where the annual Amount.chargeable is 60l. and under

4*. 4»- P" Cant, ibr each

GXC. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Qualification shall be required of any of the Officers or Persons herein described, to be Commissionere for the Duties on Offices or on Employments of Profit, or on Pension6, Stipends, Annuities, Interest, or Dividends, contained in the several Schedules, who (Jiall aft as such Commissioners by virtue of their several Offices, other than such Offices respectively $ any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXCI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Assessors and Collectors appointed to rtife andafless, or levy, collect, and pay the Sums of Money to be charged on Offices or Employments of Profit, or on Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, payable by his Majesty, by virtue of this Act, and also the Surveyors and Inspectors acting in relation to the said Duties, shan respectively be subject to the Penalties and Forfeitures for refusing or neglecting the Performance of their Duty, or for being guilty of any Fraud or Abuse in executing the fame, as are infixed on such Officers respectively by the said recited Act for the like Offences.

CXCII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such of the said Duties granted by this Act, and the Contributions hereby authorized, which may be detained or (lopped, and deducted out of the Stuns in respect whereof they shall be charged or deducted, shall be respectively detained at such Times in each Year, as the fiud Sums shall be payable to the Person or Persons entitled thereto.

CXCIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person charged to the Duties hereby

franted in respect of any Profits or Gains hereby charged or liable to the Payment thereof, in respect of any um or Sums arising from the Profits hereby charged, shall, upon proving as herein after is mentioned, that the aggregate annual Amount of his, her, or their Profits, arising from all or any of the several Descriptiona of Profits respectively charged by this Act, whether such Charge shall be made on such Claimant personally or not, is lef6 than the Sum of sixty Pounds, be exempted from the said Duties, and from all Deductions or Payments on account thereof, or by reason of this Act; and that in all Cases where such aggregate annual Amount shall be sixty Pounds or more, and shall be less than one hundred and fifty Pounds, such Person shall be entitled to such Abatement as may be necessary to reduce the same in each Case respectively, in the Proportions dated in the following Table; (that is to say)

Tabic of the abated Rates of Duty. For every 20l. of such Amount,

Where the said aggregate annual Amount shall be sixty Pounds or more, and less than seventy

Pounds, the Sum of - -#03

Where the said aggregate Amount shall be seventy Pounds or more, and less than eighty Pounds,

the Sum of - - >- - -904

Where such aggregate annua! Amount shall be eighty Pounds or more, and less than ninety

Pounds, the Sum of - -005

Where such aggregate Amount shall be ninety Pounds or more, and less than one hundred Pounds,

the Sum of - O 0 6

Where such aggregate Amount shall be one hundred Pounds or more, and shall be less than one hundred and ten Pounds, the Sum of - - - .007

Where such aggregate Amount shall be ofic hundred and ten Pounds or more, and shall be less than one hundred and twenty Pounds, the Sum of - - - o O 8

Where such aggregate Amount shall be one hundred and twenty Pounds or more, and less than

one hundred and thirty Pounds, the Sum of - -009

Wherd such aggregate Amount shall be one hundred and thirty Pounds or more, and Ie£s than

one hundred and forty Pounds, the Sum of - o 0 10

Where such aggregate Amount shall be one hundred and forty Pounds or more, and less than one hundred and fifty Pounds, the Sum of - - - -0011

And every Claim to such Exemption of Abatement shall be claimed and .proved, and the Proceedings thereupon shall be had, before the respective Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act in the District where Inch Claimant Avail reside, pursuant to and under the Powers and Provisions by which the Duties in Schedule (D.) are herein directed to be ascertained, charged, levied, collected, and paid, but nevertheless subject to the Directions herein after contained.

CXCIV. ' And, in order that such Exemption or Abatements as may hq claimed in respect of any Assessment or Assessments made at the Rate of Duty as expressed in Schedule (B.) may be estimated in a just Prc- portion to the other Duties charged by the other Schedules contained in this Act be it further enacted, That for the Purposes of granting such Exemptions or Abatements, the Profits and Gains arising from the Occupation of Lands or Tenements, if in England\ Wales, or Berwick-uton-Tweedy shall be estimated at three Fourths of the annual Value thereof; and if in $cctlandf at one Half of such annual Value; and after such Estimate, such Persons shall be entitled to such Exemption as aforesaid, or to such Abatement as will reduce the same in each Case respectively in the Proportions stated in the foregoing Table.

CXCV. And be it further enacted, That every Person having more than two Children born in lawful Wtdlock, and bond side maintained at the Expence of such Person, shall for every Child above two be entitled to the respective Abatements following, to be deducted from the Amount of such Person's Assessment under this Act, in case such Person shall be personally chargeable, or to be allowed to such Person on any Payment that may be made to him or her from which Deductions are by this Act authorized to be made, as the Case may require; (that is to say, ) where the aggregate annual Amount of the Profits or Gains of such Person, arising from all or any of the Descriptions of Profits respectively charged by this Act, whether such Charge shall be made on such Claimant personally or not, is sixty Pounds or upwards, and under four hundred Pounds

1 a Year,

T

43° GEORGII III.

C. 122. 1055

Child above txro; 400l. and under iodoI., 3J. per Cent.; 1000l. and under 5000l.9 21, per Cent.; 5000l. and upwards, il. per Cent. Declaration.

($>e $96.)

Children of former Marriagei.

Declarations shall be made by Per foil l claiming Abatements to the Commissioners, who may allow the famej

a Year* there shall be allowed for each Child above two an Abatement after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum on stich aggregate annual Amount; and where such annual aggregate Amount shall be four hundred Pounds and under one thousand Pounds per Annum> an Abatement after the Rate of three Pounds per &entum for each such Child above, two; and where inch aggregate annual Amount shall be one thousand Pounds and under five thousand Pounds, an Abatement after the Kate of two Pounds per Centum for each such Child above two; and where Rich aggregate annual Amount shall be five thousand Pounds or upwards, an Abatement after the Rate of one Pound per Centum for each such Qhild above two: Provided, that such Claimant shall, within such Time as herein after is directed, deliver a Declaration in Writing containing the whole Number of such Children, and their respective Names and Places of Residence, and which of them are a Part of the Family or reside elsewhere as aforesaid: Provided also, that the Children by any former Marriage, either of the Husband or Wife, or of the Husband or Wife deceased, shall equally entitle such Person to the Benefit of such Abatements as his or her own Children.

CXCVI. 1 And, in order that due Pfovision may be made for granting the said Exemption or Abatements in the Cases herein-before allowed; be it further enacted, That every Person claiming such Exemption or Abatement as aforesaid, in respect of the Duties afieffed upon him or her, shall, at the same Time that the Returns of the Duty to be charged upon him or her shall be required to be delivered, or in case no such Returns shall be required of him or her, then within the Time limited by this Act for making Returns of the Duty by other Persons, or within such further Time as the respective Commissioners shall allow, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Commissioners or to their Clerk, at the Place to be appointed by them for that Purpose, or to the Assessor or Assessors of the Parish or Place where such Claimant shall reside, a Declaration in Writing, signed by him or her, of his or her Intention to claim such Exemption or Abatement, which Declaration shall be in such Form as may be directed under the Authority of this Act, declaring therein the particular Source or Sources from whence such Profits and Gains shall arise; to which Declaration every Surveyor or Inspector shall have Access to take Copies of or Extracts from, under the like Powers as in other Cases; and in every Gafe where the Surveyor or Inspector shall not object to such Declaration within fourteen Days, or such further Time as the Commissioners, on just Cause, shall allow to him to make such Objection, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to grant such Exemption, or to allow such Abatements, and make an Assessment accordingly, as the Case may require; but in case the Surveyor or Inspector shall object thereto in Writing, suggesting that he hath Reason to believe that the Sum or Sums assessed on such Person is or are less than the Sums on which the Duty ought to be charged, then and in such Case, unless the major Part of the Commissioners present at the Time of taking such Objection into Consideration shall fee Cause to disallow such Objections, the Merits of such Claim shall be heard upon Appeal, subject to such Rules, Regulations, and Penalties, as other Appeals under this Act are directed to be heard and determined

CXCVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Case where any Person shall claim an Abatement of any of the Duties contained in Schedules (A.), (B.), (C.), or (D.), such Claim shall be preferred to, and heard and determined by the Commissioners for the said Duties, although the same Person may also be entitled to an Abatement of any of the Duties contained in the said Schedule marked (E.); and it shall be sufficient for such Person, in order to claim such Abatements under all or any of the said Schedules, in such Case to prefer his or her Claim to the Commissioners for the Duties contained in Schedules (A.), (B.), (C.), and jp \ A'^ (D.)> in the District where the Charge on such Person shall be imposed. may be made disttndl from Abatements under Schedule (E.)

CXCVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said respective Commissioners shall adjudge, according to the Directions before mentioned, that any Abatement of the said Duties ought to be allowed to any Person or Persons chargeable to any of the said Duties under their Cognizance, in pursuance of a Declaration by him or them delivered, and it shall appear to them that such Person or Persons has or have been charged te any of the Duties by this Act granted, which are cognizable by any other Commissioners, the Commissioners making such Adjudication shall certify the same to the other Commissioners by whom such Person or Persons shall nave been charged, and such Certificate signed by two or more of the Commissioners making such Adjudications, shall, on Delivery thereof to the said other Commissioners, or at their Office, be sufficient Proof for the Allowance of a like Abatement in the Assessment made by the said last mentioned Commissioners; and if any Person or Persons shall be guilty of any Fraud or Contrivance in making such Claim or in obtaining ft»ch Certificate, he, she, or they so offending shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

CXCIX. And be it further enacted, That every Person claiming such Exemption or Abatement in respect of any Deductions to which such Person may be liable as aforesaid, out of any Payment from which Deductions are herein authorized to be made as aforesaid, shall within the like Period, and in like Manner as aforesaid, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Commissioners in the District where such Person shall reside, a Declaration

of his or her Intention to make such Claim, and every such last mentioned Declaration shall specify the annual. (tatirg

Amount of every such Payment, and the Name or Names of the Person or Persons by whom the same is pay- Amounts able, which last mentioned Claim shall be proceeded upon in like Manner as is before directed provided that Payment!, Uc. no such last mentioned Claim shall be allowed unless the Claimant shall produce to the said Commissioners, be-(Sfe§i96, AV.) ing duly fumraoned by them for that Purpose, the Deed, Instrument, or Security under which such Payment* The Security as aforesaid shall be to be made, or shall otherwise prove to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that the ^alt>« Fro" same is due and payable by virtue of a Charge, Reservation, or Contract as herein after mentioned; and in case <lure<i* any such last mentioned Claim shall be allowed as aforesaid, the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, r iling for such District, shall grant to such Claimant a Certificate to be made out in such Form as may be.directed under the Authority of this Act, dating therein the Allowance of such Exemption or Abatement* and the Amount of the Sum by which the Duty of one Shilling for every twenty Shillings thereof is diminished by such Allowance; and in every Case where such Claimant shall derive his or her Income, for which such Ex- Certificates for eruption or Abatement is allowed, from different Sources, or from different Persons, a separate Certificate in

but Surveyor, &c. may object thereto.

(See §56, .57.44 )

Claim of Abate* ment of Duues in Schedules

(A ), (B.), (*'). (C.>

Commissioners shall respectively certify Abate-, inents, and which shall be allowed on Duties cognisable by other Commissioners.

Penalty on Pi and

in claiming Abatements.

Person! claim-.ing Abatements.

in ref; ert of Di d dtions (half

deliver Dvtla-

the

(>Vr«^ao; .}

1-0 5

Penally onFr.nid in claiming fudi Abatements,

5oi.

The Pimlufli-.n of Orttne-ite shall be the Aallviriiy to claim the AJbtv-aircc.

S uch CcT'ific lie (h il! be uUi-m.ut ly delivered l>\ 1 he KorJoq atTeffed, and the Cetnmish'jners full reduce his AhVII.mnt

accu"diiv; -'y

>i I he Amount,

it'received, (h ill "be re, »: H, rid the A lie.Fmcut an.cndai.

Jl-lesee* t'f-e t iu, <SV.) nny settle Anate-jnems, and ccr-tity; lu.in to the Commissiontrs.

Partners, i: c. may I eve rally claim Abatement?.

Claims may be made by Attwi-nic* on account of others.

C'aims to Abatements

vc ified onO.uh, if Required,

brfing previoltfly

amended.

AiTeHors may return I Vo*ns entitlrtl to I'.ri«m*»tie*n, vcheie it can be v erlihed that the Whole at their Vhopeiiy is left than 60l. per Annum.

Corr.mlflioners shall examine Arte dors thctc-Q"i

C. 122. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

the Form'before prescribed shall be delivered for each of such separate Amounts, in a due Proportion to the Amount of the same respectively, in order that«each firth Certificate may be separately applied as herein di-reftec} in the Difclnrge of the Duty, to be deducted therefrom* or so much thereof as shall be contained in such Certificate.; and if any Person or Persons shall be guilty of any Fraud or Contrivance in making such Claim, or in obtaining such last mentioned Certificate, he, she, or they so offending shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

CC. And be it further er.acted, That every such Certificate which shall be delivered to the Person, by whom such Payment out of which such Deductions are allowed ns aforesaid is to be made, at the Time of Payment, shall be an Authority to the Person delivering such Certificate to claim and demand the Amount of such Allowance, together with the Residue of such Payment as before diiefted, without any other or further Deduction thereout than such Sums, if any, as shall remain chargeable on such Claimant above the Amount of such Allowance, and fitch Certificate shall be transferable on every such Payment as aforesaid to the Person or Persons by whom any Payments aiding out of the Profits or Gains charged in the same Assessment shall be made, and so in Succcftion, until the same shall be delivered to the rcrson or Persons so affrffed; provided, that when such Certificate shall in such Course have been delivered to the Person or Persons so assessed, it shall be lawful for such Persons respectively to produce the said Certificate to the Commissioners acting for the Dill rich or Department i: i which any such Assessment has been made, and the said Commissioners, upon the Delivci y of the same to them, are hereby authorized and required to reduce the said Assessment, by the Amount of tive Sum discharged by such Certificate; provided that in case such Certificate shall not be delivered to the Party a fie (Ted as aforesaid, until he or (lie shall have fuiiv satisfied or paid the Duty charged in such Assessment, the said Commissioners acting for the District or Department in winch such Assessment shall be made, shall, and thry are hereby empowered, after amending the Certificates of Assessment, to orjcr and direct the Repayment of such Sum by the Collector or other Person to whom such Duties have been paid, out of any Money of the said Duties iruhis or their Hands; which Order, under the Hands of two or more of the said Commissioners, shall be an Authority for such Repayments, and the same shall be allowed to the Collectors or other Pei foil aforesaid in their Accounts.

CCI. And be it Further enabled, That where any Person who shall have obtained an Order of Reference as herein-before is directed, shall claim any such Exemption or Abatement, it shall be lawful for such Referees to settle and ascertain what Allowance such Person is entitled unto, and to certify the same to the Commissioners who shall have ordered such Reference, who, on such Certificate, shall allow the same accordingly, and proceed therein as if such Allowance had been granted by them in the first lnltar.ee.

CCll. And be it further enacted, That Co-parceners, Joint Tenants, or Tenants in common of any Property whatever, and any Tenants of Meflunges, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, being in the Occupation thereof in Partnership, and any Partners carrying on Trade, or exercising any Profession together, may severally claim such Exemptions or Abatements, according to their respective Shares and Interests; and such Claims may be proceeded upon as in the Cases of several Interests.

CCIII. And be it further enacted, That any such Claim or Appeal : nny he made by any Attorney, Agent, or Factor, on account of others, in any Case where satisfactory Proof shall be made before the Commissioners, that the Party claiming such Exemption or Abatement is unable to attend in Person; or such Claim may be made Ky the several Persons acting in any of the Characters herein-before described, in Inch Manner as they may act for others, for the Purpose of being assessed on their Account in the iirft Inilance, as herein-before directed.

CCIV. And be it further enacted, That in every Case of a Claim of Abatem111 as aforesaid. if the Commissioners shall think, proper to require a Verification of the Declaration to be so delivered as aforesaid, or of the Statement delivered by the Party, or therein contained, or any Part thereof, they shall give Notice thereof to the Person or Persons claiming such Abatement, to appear before them to verify such Declaration or Statement; and every Person to whom fitch Notice shall be given, shall and he and she is hereby required to appear before the said Commissioners, and on Oath or solemn Affirmation, to be administered by one or more of the said Commissioners, to verify the Contents of his or her Declaration or Statement; and which Oath or Affirmation shall be, That the Contents of such Declaration are true to the bell: of his or her Judgment or Belief; and which Oath or Affirmation shall be ligned and subscribed with the proper Name of the Party taking the fame; provided such Person shall be at Liberty to amend such Declatation or Statement, or any Part thereof, before Ue or (he shall be required to take such Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid.

CCV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That whenever the Condition of any Person residing in any Parish or Place, and having any Property in his or her Occupation, or in the Occupation of his or her Tenant or Tenants, or occupying him or herself any Lands in such Parish or Place as a Tenant, shall be sufficient y known to the A (buffo r or A fie (lors, and to the Miuiller and Householder of such Parish or Place, to enable him and them respectively to return or certify as herein after mentioned to the Comn.i (Boners acting in the Execution of this Act, that such Person hath no Other Property than the Property in such Parflh or Place assessed on such Person, or oa his or her Tenant or Tenants, as being in the Whole less than sixty Pounds jxr % Annum, it shall be lawful for such Assessor or Assessors, on the Certificate of Assessir.ent, to make a Return of the Name of Inch Person in case the Duties to be paid by him or her shall be chargeable on any other Pcik-u or Persons as a Tenant or Tenants, and to set opposite thereto, or to set opposite to the Name and Sum in the Assessment, if the Person be charged to the said Duties, that such Person hath no other Property in such Parish or Place than the Property so distinguished, to the best of the Knowledge and Belief of such AfiVfihr or Af-iefiors, and shall return the fame, together with the Assessment, and a Certificate as herein after is mentioned, to the Commissioners for executing this Act, in the Dill rift where such Assessment shall be made; and the said Commissioners, before the Allowance of any such Assessment, or making any Order thereupon, shall examine the Assessor or Assessors, who shall respectively attend the ConHuiffionere ior that Purpose at such Time as they

shall

G.OC le

AD 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 122.

fcall appoint, touching the Return so made j and if the said Commissioners shall from such Examination and from such Certificate, as herein after is mentioned, be satisfied that such Person is entitled to such Exemption, and hath no other Profits chargeable under this Act, it shall be lawful for them, after such Proof thereof, to amend the Assessment which shall have been made on such Person in respect of any Property in his or her Occupation, or the Assessment which shall have been made on his or her Tenant in respeCfc of the Property so occupied as contained in Schedule (A.); and every such Person shall be exempted accordingly.

GCVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That before any such Exemption shall be allowed, the Affc(Tor8 shall produce to the said Commissioners a Certificate, under the Hands of five or more substantial Householder8 of such Parish or Place, in Vellry or Kirk Session assembled, of whom the Resident Minister in such Parish or Place shall be one; but in case there shall be no Resident Minister in such Parish or Place, then the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Place, or two of them at the lead, or two or more of the Elders of such Parish or Place, shall concur with such Householders in such Certificate, certifying thereby that they have carefully.examined the Assessment of the Duties granted by this Act, and the Allegations therein made by the Assessors, touching such Persons as shall be therein dated to be entitled to such Exemption; provided, that if in any Parish or Place, there shall not be five substaotial Householders, then such Certificate may be made by the substantial Householders there residing; or if there shall be no Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor for any Parish or Place in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, then such Certificate may be granted by the Resident Minider, or by any two Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of any adjoining Parish or Place, who can certify the Truth of such Allegations in Manner aforesaid, concurring therein with the substantial Householders residing in the Parish or Place where such Assessment shall be made.

CCVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall be necessary that any Exemption or Deduction herein allowed, other than the Exemptions and Abatements in respect of the .Amount of Income, should be extended to enable the Party to obtain the Benefit thereof, on any Payments that may be made out of the Property, Profits, or Gains, hereby charged, of any oftier Person or Person3, it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners before whom such Exemption or Deduction shall be proved, and they are hereby required, on Allowance thereof, to grant a Certificate thereof, or separate Certificates, as the Case may require, under the Hands of any two or more of them, dating therein respectively the Amount of any such Payment to which such Claimant shall be entitled, and the Amount of Duty discharged by each such Certificate, in the Form and to the Effect, mulaSts mutandis, of the Certificates directed to be delivered in other Cases of Exemption; and all Persons to whom such Certificates shall be delivered are hereby empowered and required to make their Payments, without claiming the Deduction before authorized to be made thereout, to the Extent of the Sum discharged by each such Certificate, which Certificate shall be received by all Persons making such Payment fuc-ccffively, and shall, in the Hands of any Person making such Payment, be of the like Effect, either by transferring the same to others in the Course prescribed, or by Delivery thereof to the respective Commissioners, for the Purpose of Vacating an Assessment, or' any Part thereof, to the Extent of the Sum discharged as aforesaid, iathe Manner 4irected in such other Cases of Exemption.

; CCYTII. And be it Further epaCj*!, That upon all Annuities, yearly Interest of Money, or other annual Payments, whether such Payments shall be payable within or out of Great Britain either as a Charge on any Property of the Person or Persons paying the fame, or as a Reservation thereout, or as apersonal l)ebt or Obligation by virtue of any Contract, or whether the same shall be received and payable half-yearly, or at any (norter or more distant Periods, there shall be charged for every, twenty Shillings of the annual Amount thereof, ' the Sum of one Shilling, without Deduction, according to and under and fabject to the Provisions by which the Duty in Schedule (D*)* m^y be charged provided, that in every Case where the same shall be pay-Jtbleby any Person or Persons out of*l)y Profits or Gains charged by virtue of tfiis Act, no Assessment shall be made upon futh Annuity, Iutereflr, ofotfier annual Payment, but the whole Duty due in respect of such 'Profits' or Gains shall be charged without regard to such annual Payment, and the Person so liable to make such annual Payment, shall be authorised; to deduct out of such annual Payment at the Rate of one Shilling for every twenty Shillings of the Amount thereof, except where the Party to whom the Payment is to be made shall produce a Certificate of Exemption or Abatement, as herein-before is mentioned; and the Person or Persons to whom such Payments are to be made, shall allow such Deduction upon the Receipt of the Residue of such Money, and the Person.charged to the laid Duties shall be acquitted and discharged of so much Money as such Deduction shall amount unto, as if the Amount thereof had actually been paid unto the Person or iBerfbos to whom such Payment (hah have been due and payable; and where any Person having allowed such Deductions on account of any such annual Payment as aforesaid, or being liable to allow the fame, shall himself

liable to make any such Payment, whether charged upon such first-mentioned annual Payment, or reserved thereout, or payable as a Debt or Obligation by virtue of any Contract as aforesaid, then and in every such* Case, and so on upon each successive Payment to be made thereout, there shall be deducted the like Proportion thereof as aforesaid, at the Rate before-mentioned, which Deduction and Deductions shall be allowed in Dif-charrc of so much Money as such Deductions shall respectively amount unto in the same Manner as is provided in mpe&of the first Deduction t but in every Case where any annual Payment as aforesaid shall, by reason of the same being charged on any Property or Security in Ireland, or in the British Plantations, or in any other of his Majesty; Dominions, or on any foreign Property or foreign Security, or otherwise, be received or receivable .without atay such Deduction as aforesaid, there shall be charged upon such Interest, Annuity, or other annual Payment as aforesaid, the Duty before mentioned, according to and under and subject to the Provision9, by; yrhicli tho Duty in Schedule (D.) may be charged.

CCIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the said respective Commissioners, aCking for the furposes of this Act iu Uie Diitrid where any Person making the 43 Geo. III. " 6T ' Application

1057

and, if satisfied, amend the Assessment.

Assessors flinU

produce Certificates from the Parish before such Exemption Avail be allowed.

Manner of making Exemptions or Deductions (excejtt on account of Income) available where the Claim is on Payments out of the Propei ty others.

0s*§99)

Duty charged on all annual Ime-rest not other-wile charged, and the Payment thereof pruvided for by the Mode of Deduction, hv the Paity paying such Interest.

*(W)

Except on foreign Securities.

Deductions on Payment of Interest pr Annuity out of Profits

charged under Schedule (D.) may be made by virtue of a Certificate from the Cera m iflioners.

A fTeffment? shall be for one Year payable by quarterly Instalments in England, and halt-yJe<iTy in Scotland, f But fty ot to

Duties under Schedule (C.) ($66.) shall be paid bidf-yearly,

Commissioners ffull settle Ditfo lences betvreen Landlo; d and Tenant, fcc. as to Deductions.

No Contracts U tween. Land-ioid and Tenant, &c. shall be binding, contrary to this ACT

No Deductions shall t* made, except according to this Act

nor for Diminution or Increase of Capital, nor for Improvements.

Parents and Guardians liable for Infants, and Executors for Persons dying.

C. 122. 43" Georgii III.- A.D. 1803.

Application Thall reside, that any Interest of Roner, Aritoifty, Or Other annual Payment, shall be amnrilty paid out of the Profits and Gains bond Jith accounted for arid charged by virtue of this Act, at the Rate and according to the Rules specified in Schedule (D.), without any Dedtiftion on account thereof, it fall be lawful for £nch Commissioners to grant a Certificate thereof under their Hands or the Hands of any two or more of them, in such Form as shall he directed under the Authority Of'this Aft1; which Certificate shall ea« title the Person so assessed, upon Payment of such Interest, Annuity, Allowance, or Stipend, to abate and deduct so much thereof as a like Rate oft such Interest, Annuity, Allowance, or Stipend would amount unto; and all Persona to Whom such Interest, Annuity, Allowance, or Stipend, shaft be paid, shall allow such Dedacv tions and Payments upon Receipt of the Residue of such Interest, Annuity, Allowance, or Stipend; and the Person or Persons paying the same shall be acquitted and discharged of so much Money as a like Rate thereon would amount unto, as rf the same had aftnally been paid unto the Person or Perfom to whom such Interest, Annuity, Allowance, or Stipend, shall have been due and payable; provided no such Certificate shall be required where such Payments are to be made out of the Profits or Gains arising from Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, as before-mentioned, 6r of any Office or Employment of Profit, or out of any Annuity, Pension, Stipend, or any Dividend or Share in such publick Annuities zs sore herein mentioned; but such Deductions may be made without having obtained such Certificate.

CCX. And be it further enacted, That every Assessment to be made under this Act, within the Year appointed for making the same, shall be deemed to be for the current Year, and shall be in Force for such Year; and every Assessment made after the Expiration of any Year in which the same ought to have been made, through the Default of any Person, shall be deemed to be for the Whole of the Year current when the Assessment ought to have been made, and such Year .shall commence from the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three, for the first Assessment, and for every fitbsequent Assessment during the Continuance of this Act, from the fifth Day of April in stich Year; and the (hid Duties which shall be charged in England, Walts] and Berwick-upon-Tweed, except where the same shall be detained and flopped at their respective Offices, shall be payable by four quarterly instalments, at the Times following; (videlicet, ) on or before the twentieth Day of June for the first quarterly Instalment; on or before the twentieth Day of September, for the second quar* terly Instalment; on or before the twentieth Day of December, for the third quarterly Instalment; and on or before the twentieth Day of Marc b for the lad quarterly Instalment in e?ch Year; and in Btatland, the said Duties shall be payable by two half-yearly Instalments; [videlicet, ) on or before the twentieth Day of Sep* tember for the first half-yearly Itiftalment; and on or before the twentieth Day of March for the last half-yeany Instalment, the Payment thereof for the first Year's Assessment, to be regulated as to the Proportion of the Sums and Times of Payment by the respective Commissioners, pursuant to the Directions herein-before contained: Provided always, that in respect of the Duties contained in Schedule (C), the Duties thereon shall be payable half-yearly, and at such Times as the Dividends, in respect whereof they shall be charged, are payable.

CCXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Difference shall arise between Terianrand Landlord, or any other Person or Persons to whom any Interest, Rent, Rent Charge, Annuity, Fee Farm Rent, tRent Service* Quit Rent, Feu Duty, or other Rent, or annual Payment shall be payable, toviching the Sums to-be dednfted thereout, on account of the Duties hereby charged, having been paid, the said respective Commissioners, or any two or more in their several Districts, mail have Authbrrty, and they we hereby required to settle the Proportions between such Payments and Deductions as shall be according to the Directions of this Act; and tbp judgment and Determination of such Commissioners shall be final.

CCXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That-ho CohtriAft, Covenant, or Agreement, between Landlord and Tenant, or any other Persons touching the Payibertt of Taxes rind Asseflbaents, to be charged on their respective Premises, shall be deemed or conftrited to extend to the Duties by this Act charged thereon, nor to be binding contrary to the Intent arid Meatiing of this Act, blit that all such Duties shall be charged upon and paid by the respective Occupiers, subject to such £>eduftibhs1 and Re-paymertt« as are by this Act authorized and allowed; and all such Deductions and' Re*pri?Wnt& Ihftll be made and allowed accordingly Tnotwithstanding such Contrafts, Covenants, or Agreements.

CCXIII. And be it further enacted, That in the Computation bf Duty to be made under this Act in an v of the Cases before mentioned, either by the Party making the same, Or by the Refereesr rippoirtted und<nrthis Act, or by the respective Commissioners, it shall not be lawful to make any other Deductions t here froax than such as are expressly enumerated in this Act; nor to make any Dedu6tion which by any of the Rules bomtaioed is the said Schedules, or in this Act, are directed not to be allowed or made; rior to make iaoy Dcdudboa oh Account of any annual Interest, Annuity, or other annual Payments, to be paid to any Person or Persons diit of any Profits or Gains chargeable by this Act, except the Interest of Debts due to Foreigners not fefident ia Gr*.it Britain, in regard that a proportionate Part of the Duty so to be charged is allowed to be deducted on making such Payments; nor to make any Deduction from the Profit or Gains arising from any Property "herein described; nor from any Office Or Employment of Profit on account of Loss Or Diminution of Capital employed in any Trade, Manufacture, Adventure, or Concern; nor for any Sums employed or intended to be employed as Capital, or in Improvement of PYemifes occupied for the Purposd of such Trade or Manufacture.

CCXfV. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons chargeable with the Duties hereby made payable'as aforesaid, shall be under the Age of twenty one Years, or frhere any Person so chargeable shall die, in every such Case the Parents, Guardians, or Tutors of such Infant* respectively, upon Default of Payment by such Infants, and the Executors and Administrators of the Persons so' dying, shall be and are hereby made liable to and charged with the Payments which the said Infants ought to have made, or the Persons so dying were chargeable with; and if such Parents, Guardians, or Tutors^ or such Executors or Adtniaifbaiors, shall neglect or refuse tt> pay Ss aforesaid* it (half be lawful to proceed agutaft theixr inrhke Maracr a* ag*in&

4*. - o. any

A.D. 18'qj.

'43° OEQRGII ill.

C.I zz. r»59

hny #th*r Fcrtba or Prtfbns making Default of Payment of the bid Duties; and all Parents, Guardian^, & Tuton, making Payment as afore&d, shall be allowed all and every Sum and Sums paid for such Infants, in his, her, or their Accounts; and all Executors and Administrators shall he allowed to deduct all such Payments out of the Assets of the Person so dying.

CCXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person upon any such Examination on Oath or Affirmation, or in any such Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or shall wilfully and comtptly swear or affirm any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and»hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in being Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

CCXVI. And be it further enacted, That any Indictment or Information for Perjury committed in any fneh Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation as aforesaid, whether the same shall be taken or made within Great Britain or without, shall and may be laid, tried, and determined, in the County where such Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation, shall be exhibited to the Commissioners in pursuance of this A d.

CCXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall force, counterfeit, or alter, ay cause Of procure to be forged* counterfeited, or altered, or knowingly or wilfully act or assist in forging, com* 'teffeiting or altering any Cdtificate or Certificates of the said Commissioners aiding in the Execution of this Act, authorizing or purporting to authorize any Allowance, Abatement, or Exemption under this Act, or the Receipt of any Sum or Sums contained in any Certificate or Certificates of the said Commissioners, after the feme shall have been delivered by the said Commissioners, or any Cheque delivered by the said Commissioners, or the Name or Names therein of any Referee or Referees appointed under this Act, or any lodorfement on any ' Cheque delivered by the said Commissioners, or the Sum or Sums indorsed thereon by the Referees, or any Certificate or Receipt which the Cafiuer or Cashiers of the Bank of England, or any Receiver General, or his Dqmty, are, or is, by this Act authorized to give on the Receipt of any Money payable ritder this Act; or shall utter any such forged, ccumtcrfeited, or altered Certificate or Cheque, or any such Certificate or Cheque, with such forged, counterfeited, or altered Indorsement, or Sum therein or thereon, or any such Receipt, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or any Person whomsoever, then and iu every such Case all and every Person or Persons so offending, apd being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for the Term of fourteen Years*

CCXVIII. And whereas his Majesty's Subjects residing out of Great Britain and others, may be desirous

of voluntarily contributing towards the Purposes of this Act, ' be it further enacted, That k shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, Body Corporate or Politick, and at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this*Ad, to pay or cause to be paid to the find Govemoror Company, or to their Cashier or Cashiers, or other Person : or Persons to be authorized by them, any Sum or Sums ot Money, as and for a voluntary Contribution for the

Purpose of carrying on the War; and in such Case to require a Certificate or Certificates for the fame, acknowledging the Payment of such voluntary Contribution; which Sums to be paid as aforesaid, for which such, Certificates shall be required, shall be deemed and taken to be voluntary Contributions of such Persons, Body Politick or Corporate respectively, towards effecting the Purposes of this Act, and shall be applied as the other Monies paid into the Bank of Englandhy virtue of this Act may be applied.

CCXIX.And be it further enacted, That the Governors and Dircdors of the Bank of England shall open an Account in their Books with the Commissioners of his MajestyT Treasury for the Time being, for each Year during the Continuance of this Act, under the Title of The Commissioner* of the Treasury on account of Contribution* granted and allowed by Parliament for the Tear and shall carry to the Credk of such Account

all the Monies authorized by this Act to be paid to the Governor and Company of the said Bank of England» or to their Cashier or Caffijers, or other Person or Persons to be authorized by them, within each such Year during the Continuance of this Act.

CCXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, charged to or liable to the Payment of any of the Duties by this Act granted, to pay or cause to be paid to the said Governor and Company, or to their Cashier or Cashiers, or other Perfomor Persons to be authorized by them, any Sum or Sums of Money on account of such Duties, and to require a Certificate of such Payments; and all Sums so paid, not exceeding the Amount of such Duties, shall be deemed and taken to be on account of such Duties, and in Advance of the dame, and the Excess of the Sums paid above the Amount of the said Duties, shall be deemed and taken to be voluntary Contributions towards the Purposes of this Act; and the Certificates to be given*upon the said Payments shall, upon Delivery thereof to the respective Commissioners, or at their Office, be an Acquittance and Discharge for so much and such Parts of the said Duties as the Person delivering the same shall iqdarfc thereon.

CCXXI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Payment of any such Sum of Money as aforesaid into the said Bank of England^ the Cashier or Cashiers, or other Person receiving the fame, shall give such Certificates as aforesaid, signed by them respectively, for the whole of the Sums so paid, or separate Certificates in like Form for such Portions thereof, as shall be requiredj which Certificates shall severally be cut off indentwise from the Counter Cheques thereof, which Counter Cheques are to remain with the said Governor and Company; and every such Certificate shall be denominated in tfiq stody thereof, to be on account of Payments made into the said Bank in Discharge of the Duties assessed by virtue of this Act, the Excess of the said Duties being to be.considered as a voluntary Contribution.

CCXXII. And be it further evaded. That upon the Delivery of any such Certificate as last aforesaid to the fakLCommissioners, or at their Office, in Discharge of the whole of the said Duties assessed or charged upon the Person or Persons delivering or causing tube delivered such Certificate, or aoy Part thereof, the kid Coni-nuffiocers or their Clerk ffiallr if required, ffidorfc in Writing on the B*ck of the Certificate to be given by them

_ 6T 2 or

Penalty on Per — fons guilty ot Perjury.

Indiftmentf may be tried where the Affi -davit was exhibited.

Puntihment of Persons guilty of forging or uttering Certificates, Receipts, &c. Felony, puu triable by 14 Years* Trans-porution.

Voluntary Contributions may be received at the Sank.

Bank dull open Account witij the Treasury.

Party charged with Duties may pay Money into the Bank, whkrh maybe applied to DutieturKT voluntary Contributions*

(See §221.)

On* Certificate or separate Certificates shall be given at the Bank as requited on such Payment.

IVive.-'af

(\ ".rcz'.i i '> I.-; n^r.r. rV."r.- e % t! - lr C'.-y: k shall j: ve i

io6o C. 12 2.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

1

Receipt, which shall discharge the Duties, See.

Monies paid to Deputy Receivers or Collectors shall he paid to Receivers General.

Monies (topped at the Exchequer, &c. Ihatl be paid over to the proper Officer.

Allowance^ to Officers* (&*' Cohesion. Collectors, 3<J. per Poiiid. Clerks, ljd.

or him in such Case, the Amount of the Number of InstaTments of the said Duties to be discharged by such Payments; which Receipts of the said Commissioners, or their Clerks as aforesaid, shall be received without further Proof, as Evidence of such Payments in all Courtsand Places, and before all Persons whatever., CCXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies which shall by virtue of this Act be received by any Deputy or Deputies to any Receiver General, or by any Collector or Uolleftors to be appointed as aforesaid shall be paid under the Regulations of the said recited Acts of the prefient Session of Parliament eespectively, to the Receiver General appointed or to be appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Succelfots, and at such Times airdin such Manner as isdireftedby the said recited Acts respectively* i -

CCXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies (topped at the Receipt of the Exchequer mpurftr-ance of this Act, shall be paid over to the proper Officer in the said Receipt, to be applied to such Services as the other Monies paid into the said Receipt may be applied; and the Cashier or Galhiers of the said Bank of England shall, from Time to Time, pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer all such Monies as shall be paid into the said Bank in pursuance of this Act, within one Week after such Payment shall be made.

CCXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Collector shall have Three-pence in the Pound for what Money of the several Duties aforesaid he shall pay to the Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies r and that for the careful writing and transoribing the said Assessments, Warrants, Estreats, and Duplicates* in due Time* and for the due, speccly, and effectualfy executing all Matters and Things directed to be performed under the said Commissioners, the Clerk of the respective Commissioners who shall perform the same within the respective Times limited by this Act shall, by Warrant under the Hands of two or more of the Conuniflioners* have and receive from the respective Receivers General, their Deputy or Deputies, three Halfpence in the Pound of all such Monies of the said several Duties as he shall have received by virtue of such Warrants or Certificates, who is hereby appointed and allowed to pay the same accordingly: Provided this Act be carried into Execution in due Time, and in an effectual Manner, for the District in which he shall be appointed the Clerk, and all Warrants or Estreats to be made, ' and the Duplicates to be delivered to the Receiver General, aixl into the Office of King's* Remembrancer <w aforesaid, within the Times limited by this Act, and not otherwise*and no Person except the Assistant or Assistants to such Clerk (if any) shall, under any Pretence whatever, be entitled to any Part of the Reward hereby given to such Clerk, which Compensations shall be apportioned and settled By the respective Commissioners; qor shall such .Clerk, under any Pretence whatever, demand, take, or receive any Fee* Gratuity, or Perquisite, for any Matter or Thing to be done by him by virtue and under the Authority of this Act, from any Person or Persons other than the Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, in Manner aforesaid: Provided always, that no such Compensation shall be made to any Cofleftor in respect of any Sum or Suras* detained Or (lopped at the Bank of England* or at the Receipt of Exchequer, or in respect of any Sums paid by the respective Parties into the said Bank, nor to any Receiver, other than such Sum or Sum* as shall be directed to be paid to the Receivers or Officers concerned therein, by the .Warrant of three or riore of the Commissioneri of the Treasury, or the High Treasurerfor the Time being, for their Pains and Care in executing this Act.

lowauco shall be only by Warrant of the Treasury.

Payment of CCXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Payment of any of the Duties made payable by this Act*

?oX\ihSeljet kV any Person or Persons in any Pjrish or PUce, shall not entitle the Person or Persons so paying such Duties to roent. 1*a Settlement in.such Parish or Place.'- -

Penalties shall CCXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by fKw Act be recovered as shall and may be sued for, recovered, and applied, rn such Manner ancf Form as is directed by the said recited under 43 G. 3. Acts respectively, in regard to the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures thereby imposed.

c. 99. 150. CCXXV

III. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by the said respective Duties and Contri-

Momes arising*butions (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from Time to Time be JSJrSd paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's * Exchequer at Westminster, diflmdly and apart fromali other Branches info Exchequer. ..of t^e publick Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties and Contributions, and paid into the said .Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable t6 his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever; and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt, shall from Time to Time, as the same shall be paid into thb said Receipt, be issued and applied to such Sendees as shall then have beenoted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in the present Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hu»-dred and three, or shall be voted by the said Commons for the Service of any subsequent Year; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, now of for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are or i§ hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly: Provided always, that out of the Monies from Time to Time arisen or to arise of or for the said Duties made payable by this Act, it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, now or for the Time being, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to settle and appoint such Salaries and Allowances for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the Surveyorff, Inspectors, and other Officers to be employed in the Execution of this Act/ and otherwise in relation thereto, and also to discharge such incident Charges and Expences as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, as the said Conurif. fjoners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall think fit and reasonable in that Behalf.

CCXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Letters Patent granted by his Majesty, or any of his Royal Progenitors, or to be granted by his Majesty, to any Person or Person9, Cities, Borough*, or 'Towns Corporate, within this Realm, of any Manner of Liberties, Privileges, or Exemptions from Subsidies, Tolls, Taxes, AfltfTments, or Aids, shall be construed or taken to exempt any Person or Person9, City, Borough, or Town Corporate, or any of the Inhabitants of the same, from the Burden and Charges of any of the said Duties; and all non objlautu in such Letters Patent made or to be made in Bar of this Act* are hereby declared to be

No Person shall share in such Poundage, except the Assistant.

Clerks shall not havcanyFee, &c. No such Poundage on Sums (lopped at the Bank, or Exchequer.

Receivers* Al-

Applicable to the Services of the Year.

Treasury #ay

settle. Allowance for Surveyors* incidental Expences, ice.

No Person or

Corporation shall be exempt by virtue of any Led era Patent*

io6i

A.D. 1803. 43a, CGEORGII III. C. 122.

void and of none Effect; any such Letters Patent, Grants, or Charters, or, any Clause of non ohjlante, or other Matter or Thing therein contained, or any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

CCXXX. And be it further enacted, That every Provision in this Act contained and applied to the Duty in any particular Schedule, which shall also be applicable to the Duty in any other Schedule, and not repugnant to the Provisions for charging, ascertaining, or levying the Duty in such other Schedule, shall in charging, ascertaining, and levying the fam.e, be applied as fully and effectually as if the Application thereof had been io expressly and particularly directed; ar.y Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CCXjCXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect from and after the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three, and shall continue to be in Force during the present War, ana until the sixth Day of May next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Pfeaqe and no longer.

u Act may be altered in this Session, f 232."

CCXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Schedule herein after mentioned, marked (F.), shall be deemed a Part of this Act, as if the same had been inserted herein under a special Enactment: Provided, that itbe.several Oaths therein mentioned shall be deemed, and under (food, and taken to refer only to the Duties contained in Schedule (D. ), and to such other Duties as are directed to be charged under the same Provisions and Regulations-

v SCHEDULE (F.)

FORM of the Oath or Affirmation to be taken by the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and by additional Commissioners acting in the Execution thereof in respect of the Duties contained in Schedule (D.)

I A.B. do swear or affirm, [as the Case may be,] That I will truly, faithfully, impartially, and honestly* according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, execute the Powers and Authorities vested in me by an Act, passed in the forty-third Year of his present Majesty, intituled [here set forth the Title of this Act],

and that I will exercise the Powers entrusted to me by the said Act in such Manner only as shall appear to me necdTary for the due Execution of the same; and that I will judge and determine upon, all Matters and

Things which shall be brought before me under the said Act, without Favour, Affection, or Mdlice; and that I will not disclose any Particular contained in any Schedule, Statement, or Declaration delivered, with respect to any Duties charged under the Provisions and Regulations relating to Schedule (C.) or (D.J, or

any Evidence of Answer given by any Person who shall be examined, or shall make Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation respecting the fame, in pursuance of the said Act, excepting in such Cases, and to such Persons only, who shall be (worn to the due Execution of this Act, and where it shall be necessary to disclose the*

fame for the Purposes of this Act, or to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or in order to or in the Course of a Prciecution for Perjury committed in such Examination, Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation,

'So help me GOD.»-FORM of Oath or Affirmation to Be taken By Inspectors and Surveyors as aforesaid.

I A.B. do swear, or affirm. That in the Execution of an Act, intituled [here frt forth the Title erf this Act

4 1 I will examine and revise all Statements, Schedules, and Declarations, delivered within my District, and in objecting to the same f will aft according to the befl of my Information and Knowledge; and that I will conduct myself without Favour, Affection, or Malice, and that I will exercise the Powers entrusted to me by the said Act, in such Manner only as shall appear to me to be necessary for the due Execution of the same,

or as I shall be directed by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any three or more of them; and that I will not disclose any Particular contained in.any Suieraent, Declaration, or Schedule, with respect to any Duties charged under the Provisions and Regulations relating to Schedules (C.) or (D.), or any Evi-

dence or Answer given by any Person who shall be examined, or shall make Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation respecting the fame, in pursuance of the said Act* except in such Cases, and to such Persons only who shall be fwomto the due Execution of this Act, and where it shall be necessary to disclose the same for the Purposes of the said Act, or to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or in order to or in the Course of a Prosecution for Perjury committed in such Examination, Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation.

'So help me GOD.*

FORM of Oath or Affirmation to betaken by Assessors as aforesaid.

I A.B. do swear, or affirm* That in the, Execution of an Act* intituled, An Act [herefit forth the Title of this Act*] I will in all Respects aft diligently and honellly, and without Favour or Affection, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief; and that I will not disclose any Particular contained in any Statement or Schedule delivered to me in the Execution of the said Act, except in such Cases only, and to such Persons where it shall be necessary to disclose the feme for the Purposes of the said Act, or in order to or in the Course of

Prosecution for Perjury committed in any Matter relating to such. Statement or Schedule.-

So help me GOD.*

FORM of Oath or Affirmation to be taken by the Collectoivor the Deputies to the Receivers General appointed under this Act as aforesaid.

I A.B. do swear, or affirm, That in the Execution of an Act, intituled, An Act [herefet forth the Title of this Act*]f I will not disclose any Assessment, or the Amount of any Sum paid or to be paid by any Individual under the said Act, or the B©oks of Assessment which shall be delivered to me in the Execution of the said Act with respect to any Duties charged under the Provisions and Regulations relating to Schedules (C.l 4 or (D.\ except in such Caio, and to such Persons only who shall be sworn to the due Execution of the said

I..... /Aft*

Provisions applied to any particular Schedule extended to .all other Schedules.* Commencement and Continuance of A£L

Schedule (F.y deemed Pari of this Act-

Schedule (F.) (S-e &i3.«4. 3ai of this Act.)

Oath to be taker*

by Commission-ei sand addit ion -alCtmiimlfiona* for Pui pole* of the Act.

Form of Oath to be uken b* lufpcftors and Survt) yri.

Oath to be takeif by AiTessor*.

[SWf

Oath to be taken' byCollectt>rs and the Deputftt to Receivers General.

Oath to be taken by the Clerk or.Clerk's Assistant.

[£"* J'llV, 112,

&-C.]

Form of Referee's Oath.

7.]

Oath to be taken by a third Referee.

Schedule (G.) shall be observed in making Returns of the Amount of Diity payable.

Notices and Forms.

f [The References in I talk are noxo added by the Editor.J

[being of full Age, Jet §108.]

iS«5ing.]

C. 122.

43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

i Act, and where it shall he neceflafy to disclose the same for the Purposes of the said Act, or to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or in order to or in the Course of a Prosecutkm for Peijory committed in

such Examination or Affidavit. So help me GOD.

FORM of Oath or Affirmation to be taken by a Clerk or Clerks AfRstant to the Commissioners as aforesaid.

I A.B. do swear, or affirm, That I will diligently and faithfully execute the Office of a Clerk or Assistant

A Clerk [at the Case may be,] according to an Act, passed in the forty-third Year of the Reign of bispre-

sent Majesty, intituled, An Act [here ft forth the Title of this Act], to the best of my Knowledge and Judgment, and that I will not disclose any Particular contained in any Statement, Declaration, or Schedule, or

any Evidence or Answer given by any Person who shall be examined, or shall make Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation respecting the fame, except in such Cases where shall be directed so to do by the Regulations of the said Act, or any two or more of the Commissioners under whom I aft, or in order to and in the Course of a Prosecution for Perjury committed on such Examination, Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation.

'So help me GOD.*

FORM of Oath or Affirmation to be taken by Referees appointed to settle Contributions under this Act.

4 J A B. do swear, or affirm. That* I will truly, faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the heft

4 of my Skill and Knowledge, investigate, and settle the Amount of the Contribution to be paid bjr

4 [naming the Party] to the Duties chargeable on the Profits arising to the said

from [here describe thebarticalar Profejfton, Trade, iSc. or the particular Property to he accounted for], in pursuance of the Order of Reference, appointing me a Referee under the Powers of an Act, passed in the fortythird Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled {here ft forth the Title of thit AH]; and that in 4 inMeftsgating tike fame, I wifi allow no Deductions to be made which are directed not to be allowed by the faifd Act; and that I will not disclose any Particular contained in the said Account, or the Amount of the said Contribution, excepting in such Cases, and to such Persons only, where it shall be necessary to disclose the Amount thereof for the Purposes of the said Act. So help me GOD.

FORM of the Oath or Affirmation to be taken by a third Referee, appointed for Payment of the Contribution settled.

I A.B. do swear, or affirm, That I will bond side pay or cause to be paid, according to the DSrtftions of

4*an Act, passed in the forty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act {here ft

forth the Title of this Aff], into the Bank of England the Amount of the Contribution settled to be paid by 4 ['naming the Party] on the Reference to which I am added a third Referee, for the Purpose of securing fu^h 4 Payment; and that I will not disclose any Particular relating to the said Contribution, except in such Cftfcs, and to such Persons only where it may be necessary to disclose the Amount thereof for the Purposb of this Act. So help me GOD.

CCXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Schedule herein after mentioned, marked (G.) with the several Rules, Directions, and Marks and References!- therein contained, shall, in making Returns, of the Amount of Duty payable by any Person, be observed as far as the same are applicable to the Case of the Person making such Return; and that such Notices and Forms, and all other Notices and Forms required by this A^t, shall from Time to Time be delivered, or caused to be delivered from the Office for Taxes, according to the Form and Effect following, or in such other Form as shall be conformable to the Directions of this Act, and in such other Cases as shall be required by this Act.

SCHEDULE (G).

N* 1 . — LI ST containing the proper Name of every Lodger, Inmate, and other Person*resident in the Dwelling House, except Servants not having any Property or Profits chargeable by virtue of the Act.

CHRISTIAN and SURNAMES.

N° 2. — LIST containing the proper Name and Place of Residence of every Infant, Idiot, Luna-tick, dr married Woman living with her Husband, and dther Person having any Troperty chargeable by virtue of the Act, of which I am in Receipt as Trustee, Agent, Receiver, Guardian, Tutor, Curator, or Committee; and also the*Name or Names of such Persons who are joined with me in such Trust.

Name or Natnes-of Persons above described. Defer! ption and Residence of PeTfoni being respectively re A dent in Great Britain, or Infants, Idiots, Lunatlcki, married Women living with their Husbands, or other Persons s for eft id. Name or Names of Trustees, Arc. joined with me in such Trust, Re.

N* 3.-LIST

A.D. 1803, '

C.izz

43° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (G.) — *cpntjnued*

r-

N° 5. — LIST containing the proper Name of every Infant, Ldiot, Lao stick, and other Person not resident in Great Britain, having an Income chargeable by virtue of the Act, of which I am in the Reeeipt «s Trustee, Agent, Receiver, Guardian, Tutor, Curator, ' or Committee j and also the Name or Naknes of such Persons who are joined with me in such Trust.

Name or Names of PtvfoAMbeve described. Deferential and Re6dence of Persons being reflectively sot refj^ent in Great Britain, or Infants, Idiots, Lunatics, or cuher Persons aforesaid. Karpc or Names of Trusteea, Sec. joined with me in such Trust, Sec.

N* 4. — LIST containing the proper Description of every Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Company, Fraternity, FeHowship, or Society, whether Corporate or not Corporate, having an Income chargeable by virtue of the Act, of which I am in Receipt as Treasurer, Auditor, or Receiver*

Description of Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Companies, Fraternities, Fellowships, whether Corporate or not Corporate*.

Ne 5. — I A\ B. do declare, that I am chargeable for in the of

and that I am desirous elf being charged before the Commissioners acting for (or by Referees

whom I have named).

X Signed)

The foregoing Lifts and Declaration are to be delivered to the Assessors.

N* 6. — FOR^f-of STATEMENT to be delivered under Cover, sealed up, either at the Office of the Com-ntissioners of to the Assessors.

General Declaration.

I do declare. That I am not possessed of any Property, nor engaged in any Profession, Trade, Adventure, or Concern, of which I am required or ought to deliver any Statement according to the above-mentioned Act.

(Signed)

Declaration of the Party to be charged.

I do declare, That the Duty charge- able on the full Amount of my Profits and Gains, estimated according to the Diractions and Rules of the above ^mentioned Aftr -is, to the be ft of my Judgment and Belief, contained in the within Account, and is derived froqn the several.Sources 'Separately and distinctly as the same are described in the within Account, and that the annual Amount thereof is truly stated in the respective Columns to which the same relate as being applicable to Bfiy Case.

Dated, this Day of

One thousemd eight hundred and (Signed)

a

2

*3

c

V

E

c

'Jc,

AJ

rt

E

I3

o

o

Q

From my Property in the publick Funds, for which I am desirous

Annual Amount, not exceeding — _ £ s. d.

Duty thereon at ts. for every 2ar.

From interest of Money, Annuities, and other annual Payments derived from Property out of Great Britain, or from other Payments not chargeable.

Amount thereof, not exceeding -

Duty thereon at ix. for every 2 or -

3-

From my Profession of

exercised by me at

Amwntfor one Year, not exceeding -

Lhityithereon it 1/* for every 20l.

4* From

1063

Schedule (G.)

[S« (j ic?.]

£$"§7*-

1064

Schedule (G.)

C. 122.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

From my Trade of

Amount of one Year on an Average of three Years, not exceeding -

Duty thereon at 1l. for every 20l.

SCHEDULE (Gl) — contituud.

Declaration of Trustees, &c*£f

Trust Property, &c.

I do declare, That the full Amount of the Profits and Gains of \here state the Name, of the Party1 for whom I am \_here set forth whether Trustee, Guardian, Tutor, Curator, or Committee, Agent or Receiver of any Person being an Infant, married Woman, Lunatick, Idiot, or Insane], estimated according to the Directions and Rules of the above-mentioned Act, are, to the best of my Judgment and Belief, contained in the within Account, and are derived from the several Sources described in the within Account, and the annual Amount thereof, Rated - in the respective Columns to which the same relates, being applicable to the Case of [state the Name of the Party],

Dated this Day of

One thousand eight hundred and (Signed)

carried on by me at

From Property of an uncertain annual Value, confining of

Amount thereof for one Year, or on an Average, as the Case may require, not exceeding —

Duty theneon at ix. for every 2ax.

Declaration of Officers acting for Corporate Bodies, See,

I do declare, That the Duty chargeable on the futt Amount of the Profits and Gains of the [ set forth whether Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Company, Fraternity, Fel-lawship, or Society, Corporate or not Corporate] for whom I act as [ Trca-surer, Auditor, or Receiver], estimated according to the Directions and Rules of the above-mentioned Act, are to the best of my Judgment and Belief, contained in the: within Account, and are derived

from the several Sources described, and the annual Amount thereof is truly Rated in the respective Columns to which the same relate, being applicable to the Case of [set forth whether Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Company, Fraternity, FeUcwJlUp, or Society, Corporate or not Corporate],

Dated this Day of

One thousand eight hundred and (Signed)

I A.B. do declare. That the Nature of my Property or Profits accounted for in the twelfth Column, arises from [hereJlate the Nature thereof], and that I have computed the Amount thereof according to £ here jlate the Grounds of the Computation], on the Receipts of [here state whether on an Average or not], (Signed)

6.

From Canals, Inland Navigations, ' Works of a Publick Nature*

Annual Amount not exceeding Duty thereon at is, for every 20s,

Mines of Coal, &c. Salt Springs or Works, Alum Mines or Works (not included in Schedule A.)

Streams of Water, or Water

Annual Amount for one Year* or on an Average, as the Case may require, pot exceeding —

Duty thereon at ix. for every 2ox.

8.

From Securities in Ireland, the British Plantations, or other his Majesty's Dominions.

Annual Amount not excetding Duty thereon at ix. for every 20l.

7."

From Possessions in Iceland, the British Plantations, or other his Majesty's Dominions.

Annual-A mount not exceeding

- £ X.

- —

I

KV

From Foreign Securities*

Annual Amount .not exceeding —

Duty thereon at ix. for every 20s.

11*

From Foreign Possessions.

Annual Amount not exceeding* -

Duty thereon at ix, for every 2ox.

d.

12.

X

From Property or Profits not coming within any of the foregoing Cases.

Annual Amount not exceeding Duty thereon at is. for every 20x.

N* 7. —

A.B. r$c&.

4sr: G* 9&QU m-

JE 7.-DECL A Jt ATION

Manufacture resident re fid c a t in Great Britain.

DN to be delivered by the Precedentr Acting fartnej^of a Conq^rn in Trade 9r

in Great Britain, 6r bY thd Ag.entfofcfdcfi Xpncenv none of the Partnere are

T r -v — r i- - r.T

t,* 'x living

at do d^ckren That the Duty

chargeable on the whole Profits and Gains of the Trade or Manufacture herein mentioned, carried on in Partnership with the Persons and at the Place specified, ( is estimated according to the Directions of the Act, to the bed of my Judgment and Belief.

NamCa^ of Partners;

- T

Residence of Partners.

Dated this

Day of (Signed)

From our [or their J Trade of

caryied onrat

Annual Amount not exceeding — Duty thereon at is. for every 20s.

j.

N° 8. — DECLARATION 10 be delivered by each Partner engaged in Traae or Manufacture, where they

are desirous of being*separately assessed.

I do declare, That my Proportion of the Profits and Gains of the Trade

or Manufacture carried bn under the Firm of is Part thereof, for which I am

desirous of being assessed separately.

Dated this Day of

(Signed)

V° 9. — DECLARATION to be delivered by Persons engaged in have been jointly aUefled. Trade or Manufacture, where the Parties

I do declare, That I am < engaged in Trade or Manufacture with the Person9 herein defepbed, and that I have been assessed to the Duties granted by the Act, under the joint Assessment made in the Name of the Firm. Dated this Day of (Signed) Name 0'the Firm or rtnership. " Where the same is carried on.

i

1

N° xo. — DECLARATION to be delivered by Persons who may have been charged in any Parish or Place

other than where the (Notice has been delivered.

I do declare, That I hasre

made my Return of all the Matters and Things cajn-tained in the before-mentioned Forms, applicable jto my Case at the Parish and County herein specified.

Dated this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

(Signed)

Parish or Place.

County.

43 Gw. III.

6 U

N*u. —

L* See §95; This means the first or senior Partner — the Partner having Precedency.]

io66

Schedule (G.)

(&*} ixi.]

C.int. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

SCHEDULE (G.)-c«tf, W£

N# II. — DECLARATION to be made by Persons exercising Professioos or Trades, or Commercial Corpo* rations, or Societies, who are desirous of being assessed by Reference*

I (or Wc) do declare, that I (or We) am (or are) defimts of being charged to the Duties granted by the before-mentioned Act, by the Persons herein named as (my, or our) (Referee, or Referees), videlicet (bare insert the Names and Residenees of Referees)

and that I (or We) (or are) engaged (defcrile the Profejian or Trade) carried on at Dated this Day of

(Signed)

N° it. — DECLARATION to be filled up by Persons claiming Exemptions or Abatements on the Ground of Income, whose Incomes are under one hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum; or claiming Abatements on account of Children.

I

A. S. do declare, That either in the foregoing Statement, or in the Columns of this Declaration, or in some of them, I have delivered an Account of the Whole of my Income, from whatever Source or Sources the same doth arise; and that the Amount thereof doth not exceed the annual Sum of Pounds.

x*

As Owner of (Lands or Tenements) situate in the Parish or Parishes of in the Occupation of

and charged in the AfTcifinent for the said Parish, on the annual Value of

2.

As Occupier of (Lands or Tenements) situate in Parish of

and charged in the Assessroent for the said Parish on the annual Value of

From the Office of ment of

charged on me in the Depart* on the annual Value of

From Interest of Money, Annuity, or other annual Payment due and payable to me from of and

charged upon [here mention the EflcUe,] or secured by {here mention the Nature of the Security.]

Amount thereof not exceeding -

Duty thereon at Ir. for every 20l.

N° 13. — DECLARATION of the Number of Children.

I do declare. That X have the under-mentioned Children born in lawful Wedlock* and

maintained by me at my Expence:

Names of Children. Residence.

in respect of whom I claim the Abatement allowed by the Act according to the Amount of Profits, by me declared.

Dated this Day of

(Signed)

N»i4 —

C.i 22',

1

430 GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (G.)-contipued.

N° 14. — ACCOUNT of the annual Value of the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Heritages in my Occupation.

Description of my Property situate in the Parish of Annual Amount thereof.

Dated this Day of (Signed)

N° 15. — LIST to be delivered by Persons in any Fuhlick Office, if required. An Account of the Emoluments of my Office, arising under any of the following Head#:

Wages -

P?rquifite8 -

Profits of Office

Dated this

Day of

(Signed)'

CERTIFICATE of EXEMPTION on ABATEMENT.

N*

By the Commissioners acting for the of

in the County of

On the Day of the Counterpart hereof was delivered to A.B. of the Parish of on the annual Amount of Income not exceeding £. authorizing the Deduction of the Sum of from an annual

Payment of payable

by C.B.

N*

By the Commissioners acting for the of in the County of

These are to certify. That A.B. of the Parish of hath proved to our Satisfaction that the Whole of his [or her] Income, estimated according to an Act intituled.*An Act

doth not exceed the Sum of and that he

(sr (he] is entitled to per Annum [as

nterest of Money, Annuity, or other annual Payment] from C.D. of and that the Amount of the Allowance which ought to be made for the Proportion of Duty in respeeb of the said Sum of by which the said Duty is diminished, doth amount unto £. for which Allowance,

and no more, this Certificate, on Delivery thereof to the said C. Z>. shall be a sufficient Authority.

Given under our Hands, this Day of

[7be following DircQion u to be mdorsed on this Infimment.]

This Certificate, on Delivery thereof to any Person claiming to deduct out of any Payment of Money the Duty charged by the said Act, is to be received by such Person in Discharge of the Sum of and any Person in whose Hands the same may be, who is assessed to the said Duties, will be entitled, on De* livery thereof to the Commissioners of his DHtri&, to be discharged from his Assessment for the said Sum of £. or after Payment of his Assessment, will be entitled to be repaid the Sum of £.

by Order of the Commissioners.

6U2 CAP.

Schedule

xo68 C. 123 — 125,

43 a- 3-

f.82.]

Pecfons ferviag or who have found Substitutes to serve in the additional Military Force, not liable to serve in the Militia.

43 G. 3. c. 3.

15 5]

43° GEORGII III.

C A t. CXXIII.

A. 6.-1803;

Persons having ftr\ed personally ot by buhfti-tute in the Militia not liable to serve under recited Act, unless by Rotation

Persons (brving in the said Army shall not be balloted for the Militia.

An Act for exempting Persons serving, or who have found Substitutes to serve, in the ^dditionrf Military Force, raised under an Act of this Sfcffion of Parliament, from being ballotted to fefve in the Militia of England. - [1 ith August 1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Persons serving, or who have found Substitutes to serve. in the additional Military Force raised under an Act passed in this Session of Parliament, should not be liable to be ballotted

to serve or to supply any Vacancies in the Militia May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person enrolled and serving, or who shall have found any Substitute to serve, in the additional Military Force raised under the said Act, shall be liable, during the Continuance of the said Act, to be ballotted to serve or to find any Substitute to serve, in the Militia of England, any Thing in any Act or Acts to the Contrary notwithstanding#

CAP. CXXIV.

An Act to reftffy frMiftake in an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, for raising an additional Military Force in Scotlandj and for exempting Persons serving therein, either personally or by Substitutfc, from being ballotted to serve in the Militia of Scotland. [11th August 1803.]

41 T'MT'HjER^AS by an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, .intituled, An Act to enable his Ma-4j Vy jjly more effectually to raise and assemble an additional Military Force in ScotlawL for the better Defence{ and Security oft the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War, it is among other Things

enacted, [that /certain Persons therein mentioned should not be liable to serve personally or to-provide a Substitite to/fervdin the Army directed to be raised by virtue of the said Act* unless by Rotation it should have 41 come to the Turn of any such Person to be again ballotted for: And whereas it was also intended, that no Person who has served personally or by Substitute in the Militia raised by virtue of any Act or Acts relating to the Militia should be liable to serve personally or provide a Substitute to serve in the Army directed to be f raised by virtue of the said recited Act, and that the said recited Words in the said recited Act, (viddicetx)

4 (unless by Rotation it should have come to the Turn of any such Person to be again ballotted for, ) were meant t pnly to apply to such Persons who have so served; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person who has served personally or by 'Substitute in the Militia raised by virtue of any Act or Acts relating to the Militia shall be liable to serve personally or to provide a Substitute to serve in the Army directed to> be raised by virtue of the said recited Act, unless by Rofcftton It shaft have come to the Turn of any such Parson to be again ballotted for; and that the said recited Act fend this Act shall be construed in the same Manner as if the Persons hereby exempted haa been exempted by the said recited Act, in the Manner in Much they Are exempted by this Act; and that the Words in the said Act above recited shall be deemed Add tarkcA to be applicable only to the Persons-hereby exempted. C.

lj, And whereas it is expedient that Persons serving pr who lfc«U-Jiave found Substitutes to serve in the Army directea to be raised by virtue of she faief recited Act should nvf. be ballotted to ferye or to fopplyany

Vacancy iii the1 Militia df Scotland f be it therefore enacted, That no Person enrolled and serving or who IhAll have feoutid'any Snbflft'uie td serve in the Army directed to be raffed under the said recited Act shall be liable, during the Continuance of the said Act, to be bhllotted to serve dr to fold any Substitute to serve in the Militia of Scotland 5 any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXXV.

An Act to empower his Majesty's Commissioners df Lieutenancy for the City of London to carry into txecuft011^ within the said City, an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and rehder iriore effectual an Acts passed in the-present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the Dfence and Security of the Realm '*during the present War, atkl for indemnifying Persons who may fujfer in their Property by such

Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose / and to enable his; Majesty more effectually and speedilj K to exertife his ancient arid undoubted Prerogative in requiring the Military Service of his liege Subjects in

case of Invafton of the Realm.

[1 ith Auguf 1803.]

44 43 G. 3. e. $6. reeitirf; and that taprefr. Provision is made in the said Act for carrying the same into Execution within the City of Londonit is enacted, That Commissioners of Lieutenancy, and the Magistrates and Officers in London, shall execute the Powers of the recited Act (or any Act to amend the fame) in that City, in the same Manner as the Lieutenants, Magistrates, and Officers are empowered to do in their respective Counties, $1. To obtain Returns required by the recited Act in the several Wards of the City, the Aldermen, Deputies, and Cdimnon Council, and the Constables, &r. shall obey the Precepts of the Lieu- tenancy, §2. Powers, &V. of the recited Act extended to this Act, §3. Clerk to the Commissioners of -4 Lieutenancy and other Officer* employed shall be rewarded for their Trouble, according to the Certificate I4 of the Lieutenancy, and paid by the Receiver General of the Land Tax of the City, §4. Saving the Rights and Privileges oftlie City of Land*, §5. [at $ ijcf+s G. 5. r. ioi.J"

A.D. 1803.

43* GEORGir III;

C. 126.

CAP. CXXVI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Receipts* £1 ith August 1803.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an wa8 ina^en the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for repealing the Duties now charged on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and other Notes,

Drafts, h/k/ Orders, on Receipts; ami for granting other Duties in lieu thereof: And whereas another Act

was made in the thirty fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Receipts: Now we, your Maj city's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the

Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the

necessary Supplies to defray the Expences of the just and necdTary War in which your Majesty is engaged*,

have freely and voluntarily resolved, that the Stamp Duties on Receipts, Discharges, or Acquittances,

granted by the said recited Acts, should be repealed, and that the Duties herein after mentioned should be raised, levied, collected, and paid in lieu thereof; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that k may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several and respective Stamp Duties on Receipts, Discharges, or Acquittances, given for or upon the Payment of Money, granted by the said recited Acts, shall, from and after the tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and three, ceale, determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except as to any Arrears of the said several Duties, or any of them, which may on the said tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and three, remain unpaid; or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures relating thereto, which shall have been incurred before or on the said tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and three.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after th6 said tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and three, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid throughout Great Britain, unto and to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance shall be given for or upon the Payment of Money, the Stamp Duties following; (that is to say, )

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance shall be given for or upon the Payment of Money, amounting to two Pounds and not amounting to ten Pounds, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Two-pence; and where the same shall amount to ten Pounds and not amount to twenty Pounds, there shall be charged a Duty of Four-pence; and where the same shall amount to twenty Pounds and not amount to fifty Pounds, there shall be charged a Duty of Eight-pence; and where the same shall amount to fifty Pounds and not amount to one hundred Pounds, there shall be charged a Duty of one Shilling; and where the same shall amount to one hundred Pounds and not amount to two hundred Pounds, there shall be charged a Duty of two Shillings; and where the same shall amount to two hundred Pounds and not amount to five hundred Pounds, there shall be charged a Duty of three Shillings; and where the same shall amount to five hundred Pounds or upwards, there shall be charged a Duty of five Shillings; which Rates and Duties shall be paid and payable by the Person or Persons giving such Receipts and Discharges, or Acquittances, except in Cases where such Receipts, Discharges, or Acquittances, shall be at any Time or Times given upon Payment of Money, in respect of any Debt or other Sum payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successor3, or to any Person or Persons for his Use, in which case the Duty shall be paid and payable by the Person or Persons by whom, or on whose Behalf, such Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance shall be required.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, Note, Memorandum, or Writing whatever, given to any Person or Persons for or upon the Payment of Money which shall contain or express, or m any Manner signify or denote, any gtnertd Acknowledgement of any Debt, Claim, Account, or Demand, or all or any Dtbts, Claims, Accounts, or Demand* being paid, settled, received, accounted for, balanced, discharged, released, or satisfied, or whereby any Sum of Money therein mentioned shall be acknowledged to be in full or in Discharge or Satisfaction of all or any such Debts, Claims, Accounts, or Demands, or intended so to be, and whether the same shall or shall not be signed by or with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons by or on whose Behalf the same shall be given, shall be deemed and taken to be a Receipt for the Sum of five hundred Pounds and upwards within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall be liable to the Stamp Duty of five Shillings by this Act imposed thereon; and no fuel! Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, Note, Memorandum, or Writing shall be pleaded or given in Evidence fn any Court, or admitted in any Court to be useful or available in Law or Equity as an Acknowledgement of any Debts, Claims, Accounts, or Demands being paid, settled, received, accounted for, balanced, discharged, rtleased, or satisfied, whether generally or otherwise, or for any other or greater Sum of Money than the Surrt of Money therein expressed, uruefs the same shall be damped with the proper Stamp, to denote the said Duty of five Shillings hereby imposed; any Thing rn such Receipt, Discharge, Acquittance*. Note, Memorandum* or Writing expressed notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Receipt, Acquittance, or Discharge for any Sum or Sums of Money amounting to forty Shillings or upwards, shall contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Atl be e^grofled, written, or printed on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper which shall not be damped or marked according to the Directions of this Act, or which shall be stamped or marked with a Stamp or Mark of a lower Denomination or Value than by this Act is directed, then and in every such Case there shall be due and payable to his Majesty, his Heim and Successors, the full Duty hereby chargeable thereon as aforesaid, and which Duty shall be payable by and charged upon all and every Person or Persons by this Act required to

z, give

ic 69

31 G. 3. C. 2f.

35 G- 3- c 55-

Stamp Duties our Receipts under recited Act*, teptjled f iom Oct.ler 10,

1^03, except Arrears, &c.

New Duties imposed.

Receipts for lli-and under 10l. — 2d.

10l. and under 20l. — 4d.

20l. and under 50I — $d.

50l. and under 100l. — is.

1 oof. and under aool — 23. 200l.and under 500l. — 3s.

500l. and up-watds — 5s.

Ev whom payable.

Wh.it shall be deemed a Receipt in lull, and subject to the Duty of 5s.

Receipts ft all* have the pioj % r Stamps, and Pirfuni giving^ -them liable to pay the Duty*.

Persons requir-irg the Receipt may provide the Stamp, and demand Payment <; fthe Duty from the Person giving the Receipt, who shall pay it on Penalty of 10l.

No Receipt shall be given in Evidence unless tramped with a lawful Stamp.

Receipts exempted from the Duty under former Afb shall continue so.

IVrTons counterfeiting Stamps, &c. guilty of Felony without Clergy.

CommiiSeners fur Stamps empowered to provide one new Stamp to denote the several Duties on Parchment fcc.

give any such Receipt, Acquittance, or Discharge, his, her, and their respective Executors, Administratore, and Assigns.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, or any Agent or Agents of any Person or Persons from whom any Sum or Sums of Money (hah be due or payable, or claimed to be due or payable, and who shall have paid such Sum or Sums of Money, to provide a Piece of Paper, Vellum, or Parchment duly stamped with the proper Duty, and according to the Amount of the Sum or Sums so paid as aforesaid, or some higher Rate of Duty in this Act contained, and to demand and require of the Person or Persons entitled to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Agent or Agents to whom the same shall have been paid, a Receipt, Discharge, and Acquittance for such Sum or Sums of Money, and also the Amount of the Duty thereon as aforesaid; and if any Person to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall have been paid as aforesaid shall refuse to give such Receipt, Discharge, and Acquittance upon Demand thereof, or pay the Amount thereof as aforesaid, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered under the said recited Acts.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance aforesaid, liable to the Duties by this Act granted, or any of them, shall be pleaded or given in Evidence in any Court, or admitted in any Court to be good, useful, or available in Law or Equity, unless the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper on which such Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance shall be engrossed, printed, written, or made, shall be stamped or marked with a lawful Stamp or Mark to denote the Rate of Duty as by this Act is directed, or some higher Rate of Duty in this Act contained.

Persons having Stamps to denote the Duty of Sixpence payable by recited Acts may, within six Months after Oct. 10, 1803, have others in lieu at the Stamp Office, 011 paying the additional Duty, tf 7. Stamps under the former Act may be used, if of the Value required by this Act, §8. Duties shall be under the Management of the Commissioners for Sumps, §9."

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every the Receipts, Discharges, or Acquittances, which by the said recited Acts or either of them are particularly exempted from the Duties imposed by the said recited Acts or either of them, shall also be and are hereby exempted from the Duties imposed by this Act, as fully and effectually as if the said Exemptions had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Stamp or Mark directed or allowed to be used, or provided, made, or used in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act granted, or shall counterfeit or refembie the Impression of the same upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with Intention to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, or shall utter, vend, sell, or expose to Sale any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper liable to the said Duties, with such counterfeit Mark or Impression thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeited, or shall privately or fraudulently use any Stamp or Mark directed or allowed to be used by the same recited Acts or this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

Powers relating to former Duties (and not hereby altered) extended to this Act, §12. Duties shall be paid to the Receiver General, and by him paid into the Exchequer at the same Time as other Stamp Duties, and carried to the Br'ttish Consolidated Fund, §13. Appropriation of Duties. Sixteen thousand seven hundred and twenty-six Pounds (being one Fourth of sixty-six thousand nine hundred and four Pounds, the average annual Produce of the Duties repealed for three Years up to the 5th of January 1803)* shall be set apart quarterly, and the Remainder deemed an Addition to the Revenue, #14. r&ec. 127. < 9.] 44 General Issue. — Treble Costs, §15."

CAP. CXXVII.

An Act for consolidating the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain:

£1 itSxAuguJl 1803:

WHEREAS kvcral Rates and Duties under the Management and Care of the Commissioners for

managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are appropriated and applicable to various Purposes according to the Directions of the several Acts of Parliament granting the fame; and the said Commissioners and other Officers employed in the Collection and Management of the said Rates and Duties are required to keep separate and distinct Accounts of the Monies arising from the several Rates and Duties as they respectively are paid into the Hands of the said Officers, and likewise to provide and use different and distinct Dies or Stamps to denote each Rate and Duty: And whereas it is expedient to prevent the Multiplication of Stamps upon such Pieces of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or other Instruments, Matters, or Things, on which several Rates and Duties are by several Acts of Parliament imposed be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of tb*. same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, instead of the distinct Stamps, Dies, or Marks directed to be provided to denote the several Duties on the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or other Instrument, Matter, or Thing charged therewith, to cause one new Stamp, Die, or Mark to be provided to denote the said several Rates and Duties on every such Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or other Instrument, Matter, or Thing charged with the said several Rates or Duties from Time to Time as shall be by them thought needful, and to repair, renew, or alter the same as there shall be Occasion; any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 127. 1071.

to the Recover Ger.erj!, vhoihali keep only one Account of the

and Office 1 & shall ofiftrve the Order of the Treufutj.

37 G. 3. c. 136. tfl.j

II. And, in order that all the Monies which shall arise from the several Rates and Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper,

which are or shall be denoted by the same Die, MarK, or Stamp, may be brought into one Account, ' be it enacted, That instead of the several Rates and Duties imposed by several Acts of Parliament upon the same The several Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or other Matter or Thing charged with several Rates or Duties, Duties denoted being levied, collected, and received in several and distinct Sums, according to the several Proportions by which by^fame the Same are imposed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and all and every the Officer and Officers who shall be concerned in the Management of the said Rates and Duties under the said Commissioners, AccouoH?yC to consolidate the Monies arising or to arise from the said several Rates and Duties into one Sum, to the kept of the Amount of all the said several Rates, and to levy, collect, and receive the same accordingly; and to keep at Monies arising the Head Office of Stamps one distinct Account of the Monies arising from the said Consolidated Duties, and f such Cun-to bring into the same Account all Rates and Duties under the Management of them the said Commissioners, Lhdattd Duties, which are and shall be in pursuance of this or any former Act denoted by the same Die, Mark, or Stamp, without any Separation of the several Parts or Members thereof, or Distinction taken or made as to the Ufe8 or Purposes to which the same are or are intended to be appropriated or applied, or the Act or Acts of Parliament granting, appropriating, or regulating the same; any former Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred AT Mode*

and four, all Monies arising from the Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for ma- , lmS ^rum naging the Duties oft damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver Ge- (h*f, epU d neral for the Time being of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep one Account -

only of all the said Rates and Duties, and pay the same accordingly (the necessary Charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same being deduced) into the Receipt of the Exchequer from Time to Time weekly; that is to say, on Wednesday in every Week if the feme be not an Holiday, and if the same be an Holiday then on the next Day which shall not be an Holiday, for the Purposes herein after declared and ex- Wilj!e ar]d pressed; any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Clause, Matter, or Thing in any former Act or Acts the lame in; ., of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding. the Exchequer utekw.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for managing the said Duties on stamped Vellum, Commitfoi^i Parchment, and Paper, and all other Officers who shall be employed or entrusted by or under them, shall, from Time to Time, in and for the better Execution of their several Places and Trulls, observe and perform such Rules and Orders as they respectively shall from Time to Time receive from the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them for the Time being.

V. And whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Commissioners of Stamp Duties to stamp Deeds and other Instruments, Bills of Exchange,

Promissory and other Notes in the Cases therein mentioned, it is among other Things enacted, that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or their Officer, upon Payment of the Duty and a Penalty of five Pounds m

the said Act mentioned, to damp an^ Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, whereupon any Indrument, Matter, or9Thing, (except Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes or other Notes, Drafts, or Orders, ) shall have been or - shall been grossed, printed, or written, liable in respect thereof to be damped with a Stamp or Stamps of a particular Denomination or Value, and whereon there is or shall be impressed any Stamp or Stamps of a different9Denomination, but of an equal or greater Value, in certain Cases therein mentioned: And whereas it is ex-9 pedient to permit the same to be done without Payment of the said Penalty, ' be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or their Officer as aforesaid, from and after the passing of this Act, to damp, or cause to be damped, any such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper (except as aforesaid), in any of the Cases herein-before mentioned, without Payment of the said Penalty of five Pounds required by the said recited Act; and every Indrument, Matter, or Thing so damped, shall have and be deemed of the like Force and Validity as if the said Penalty of five Pounds had been paid pursuant to the Direction of the said Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Indrument, Matter, or Thing, although damped or impressed i^n^ents, With any Stamp of greater Value than the Stamp required by Law, shall be valid and effedlua!, provided such &c. with a Stamp shall be of the Denomination required by Law for such Indrument, Matter, or Thing; any Statute, Law, Sump ofe.-nc? or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. Value than retjui ice, ih*»H fie valid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for managing the Duties on damped Vellum, C^romissioner* Parchment, and Paper, and their Officers, and all other the Officer and Officers concerned in the Management of any of the said Rates and Duties, shall be subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures for any Breach of the Trud in them reposed, or for diverting or misapplying the Money received in pursuance of this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament contrary to the true Intent of this Act, as by any former Law relating to the Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners are inflicted; and that all Powers, Provisoes, Articles, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Distribution of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or other the Duties under the Management and Care of the said Commissioners, and not hereby altered shall be in Force and Effect with Relation to the Rates and Duties hereby consolidated, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing the fame, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if they had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, to resemble any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed to be allowed or used, or provided, made, or used in pursuance of this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for the rurpose of denoting the said Duties, or any of them, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the feme, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, or shall

InstiuinciUs&c. having an improper Stamp of an equ tJ or greater Value, may te re-damped without Penalty.

dial! fie liable fof Mi {management, and Power of former extended to this A^t*

Punishment for comtlt'i (citing Stamps he tony without

Clergy.

Coiifoli dated Duties shall be entered in one Account, and the Treasury shall cause separate Accounts to be kept to a (certain their ltspective .Amounts; which Accounts shall be laid before parliament, under <4z G. 3. c. 70.

?Sro Goods shall <bc put on boatd any Veflil f(ir .Exportation until a Copy of the Cocquet or Entry be delivered to the Comptrol->ing Searchers.

Officers may Hop Goods.

26 G. 3. c. 40.

14s-J

Teffimony shall be given on Oath at the Out-Ports of Great Britain, as well as in Jvondon, in flatters relating JU> the Customs.

C. 127, 128. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

shall utter, vend, or sell, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or other Matter or T^ng, with such counterfeit Mark or Stamp thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit, or shall privately or fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, every Person so offending, an^ being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death, as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

IX. 4 And whereas by divers Acts for granting several of the Duties hereby consolidated it is provided, that

during the Space of ten Years then next ensuing, there should be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of tho Exchequer, a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said respect

tive Duties, ' should, together with such other Duties as were respectively granted for the Purpose of making

permanent Additions to the publick Revenue, and of defraying any Charges occasioned by certain Loans made, and Stocks created by Authority of Parliament, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies

paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever: And whereas it h 4 expedient that the whole of the Duties by this Act consolidated should be entered in one Account, but that Provision should nevertheless be hereby made for ascertaining the Produce of such several Grants of Duties for the Remainder of such respective Periods be it therefore enacted, That after the said fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, the whole of the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, consolidated by this Act, shall be entered together in one Account; and that from and after the said fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them for the Time being, shall, for and during the Remainder of the respective Periods of ten Years, to be computed from the Time of granting such of the said Duties as aforesaid, as were so directed to be entered separately as aforesaid, cause separate and diflin& Accounts of what such Duties would have amounted to in case the same had not been and were not respectively hereby consolidated and collected with other Duties on Ramped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, to be made out^in such Manner and Fornvas shall appear to the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, belt adapted to ascertain Such Amounts respectively; which Accounts the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for the Time being, are hereby required to cause to be laid before Parliament, together with the publick Accounts directed to be laid before Parliament pursuant to the Provision3 of an Act, passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dire ding certain publick Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament, and for d'fcontinuing certain other Forms of Account now in Use.

CAP. CXXVIII.

An Act for the further Regulation of the Collection of the Duties of Customs in Great Britain in certain Cases. [11th Augtijl 1803.

WHEREAS the Accounts of the Exports of Great Britain have been found to be incorrc&, and great Inconvenience hath arisen in making out the said Accounts, by reason of Merchants and other Ex-

porters of Good3 refusing or neglecting to deliver to the Comptrolling Searchers of his Majesty's Customs a

Shipping Bill or Copy of the Cocquet for Goods intended to be exported be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice, and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and three, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever to lade or put, or cause to be laden or put, off or from any Quay, Wharf, or other Place on Land, into any Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Boat, or Bottom, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever, with Intent to export the same to Parts beyond the Seas, until such Person or Persons shall deliver or cause to be delivered, by themselves or Agent, to the Comptrolling Searchers of his Majesty's Customs, or some one of their, a true and correct Copy in Writing of the Cocquet or Entry (together with the Endorsement thereon), for all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so intended to be exported; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Comptrolling Searchers, or other Officer of his Majesty's Customs to detain and make Stay of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize whatever for which the Shipping Bill or Copy of the Cocquet, with the Indorsement thereon, shall not have been delivered as aforesaid.

IL ' And whereas by an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

1. An Act for regulating the Production of Manifejls, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent Product in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the clandestitie relanding of Goods, the Surveyor General or Surveyors General of the Customs in the Port of London, upon Examination and Enquiries relative to the Revenue, as well as to the Conduct of the Officers employed therein, are authorized to examine all Persons who may appear before them upon Oath: And whereas it is expedient that the like Power should be given to the

Collectors and Comptrollers of the Customs at the Out-Ports, upon Examinations and Enquiries before 'them; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and three, all and each a: .d every Person and Persons who shall be examined as a Witness or Witnesses on any Enquiry directed to be made by the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, relative to the Revenue of Customs, or to the Com!u& of the Officers employed therein, before the Collectors and Comptrollers of the Customs, or either of them, at any Out-Port 01 Great Britain, shall, and they are hereby respectively required to deliver his, her, or their Testimony on Oath, to be administered by the said Officers respectively, who shall examine them, and such Officers respectively are hereby authorized to administer such Oath accordingly.

III. \n4

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 128, 129.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall be convicted of making a false Oath, touching any of the Facts, directed or required by this Act to be testified on Oath, or of giving false Evidence on his, her, or their Examination on Oath before the Collectors and Comptrollers of the Customs, or either of them respectively, in Conformity to the Directions of this Act, such Person or Persons so convicted as aforesaid shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

IV. 4 And whereas Doubts have arisen whether, according to the Provisions of an Act, passed in the thirty- seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between his Majesty and the United States of America, Cotton, and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce of the Western States of America, within the Territories of the United States of America, can legally be imported from New Orleans in America into Great Britain, in Ships or Vessels of the Built of the said States, owned and navigated according to the Direction# 4 of the said recited Act; and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed, ' be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to import into Great Britain, from New Orleans in America, any Cotton or other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, being the Produce of the Western States of America, within the Territories of the said United States, in Ships or Vessels of the Built of the said States, owned and navigated according to the Directions of the said recited Act, any Thing in the said recited Act, or any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And whereas by an Act made and paned in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdonu it is amongst other Things enacted, that in case any Ship or VessU liable to be broken up or destroyed shall be necessary and fit for the Service of his Majesty in his Royal Navy, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs or Excise respectively, if they think proper, to cause such Ship or Vessel, instead of being broken up or destroyed, to be sold to the Officers appointed by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Navy for that Purpose: And whereas it is expedient during Hostilities, to authorize the Commissioners of his Majesty* Customs or Excise in Great Britain or Ireland respectively to dispose of Ships or Vessels, which shall or may on Condemnation be liable to be broken up, to private Persons, for the Purpose of being used against the Enemy as private Ships, under Commission from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for the Time bein^, ' be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty8 Customs and Excise in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, during Hostilities* to sell and dispose of any Ship or Vessel, which, on Condemnation, shall or may be liable to be broken up, to private Persons, for the Purpose of being used against the Enemy, under Commission from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Time being, and one Moiety of the Produce of such Sale, after Charges of Condemnation and other Charges are deducted, to be paid into the Exchequer for the Use of his Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Officer who sued and prosecuted for the same.

CAP. CXXIX.

An Act to amend so much of an Act made in this Session of Parliament, for granting additional Duties of Excise, as relates to the Exportation of Tea to Ireland \ for regulating the granting of Permits for the Removal of Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts out of Warehouse, and for more effectually securing the Duties on Coffee. [11th August 1803.]

WHEREAS by a Clause in an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty, until twelve Months after the Ratif cation of the Definitive Treaty of Peace,

certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, it is provided, that the full Duties chargeable and payable on the Importation of Tea into Ireland shall be paid to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies: And whereas Difficulties may arise in the Execution of such Provisions be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Clause and every Part thereof shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

II. 4 And for the greater Dispatch and Certainty in the Exportation of Tea to Ireland be it further enacted, That the Certificate of the due landing in Ireland of any Quantity of Tea exported from England, required by an Act passed in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to permit the Exportation of Tea to Ireland, without Payment of any Duty under certain Restrictions, shall be, and such Certificate is hereby required to be produced to and left with the proper CellcCtor of the Customs and Officer of Excise respectively, within two Months after the Date of the Bona or Security given or entered into in respect of the Exportation of such lea, and that it shall be a Condition of such Bond that such Certificate shall be actually produced to and left with such Collector of the Customs and Officer of Excise respectively, within such two Months after the Date thereof as aforesaid; any Thing in any Act of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III. 4 And whereas by an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, among other Things for repealing certain Duties therein mentioned, payable upon Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts,

Chocolate, and Cocoa rafte, imported, and for granting certain Inland Duties in lieu thereof, it was enacted,

that all such Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts as should be imported into the Kingdom of Great Britain from any foreign Parts upon the Entry thereof at the Custom House, and paying or securing the several Subsidies and additional Imposts which should then remain due thereon, should be forthwith carried or put into such Ware*

43 Geo. III. 6 X 4 house

1073

Persons swearing falsely doemed guilty ol Ptfjuiy,

J7 G. 3. c., 7*

Good* may imported from New Oilcans in America, in Vessels of the Built of the United States.

24 G. 3. c. 47. S 34*

During Hostilities Commissioners of the Customs and Excise m'4y fell condemned Vessels to be commifttoned a* Privateer*.

c. 81. §13. as to Payment of the Duties on Importation of Tea into Ireland, repealed.

Certificate (required by 41 G. 3. c. 7$. §4, ) of landing of Tea in Ireland shall be left with the Collector within two Mouths.

xo C % x. c. Kb

io74

On Delivery out of Warehouse of any Coffee, Tea, or Cocoa Nuts, under 10 G. i. c 10.

§ 26. furh Permit that I be given as herein mentioned.

If Coffee, See. removed shall not be delivered within the Time limited, it shall be deemed re* moved without Permit.

41 G. 3. c. 9t*

§ 3. recited;

and repealed, except as to Penalties incurred.

Articles raanu-laltured in Imitation of Coffee or Cocoa found in the Possession of any Dealer, or called by him English c>r British Coffee, Sec. shall be forfeited, and die Dealer shall for-tfeit tool.

C. 129. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

house or Warehouses as mentioned in the said Act; and that the said Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts To 4 brought into such Warehouse or Warehouses should not be taken or carried out thence upon any Account whatsoever, other than as is in the said Adfc after mentioned, and that upon producing a Warrant or Warrants, Certificate or Certificates therein mentioned signed by such Collector or Receiver as is therein mentioned (certifying that he had received the said Inland Duties by the said Act granted), to the respectiv*.

Warehouse Keeper or Warehouse Keepers, such Warehouse Keeper or Warehouse Keepers should deliver out of such Warehouse or Warehouses therein mentioned, so much Coffee, Tea, or Cocoa Nuts intended for Home Consumption, as should be mentioned or expressed in such Warrant or Warrants, Certificate or Certificates respectively, to have paid the said Inland Duties; and the respective Warehouse Keeper and Ware*

house Keepers were^by the said Act directed thereupon to give to such Importers or Proprietors a Permit or Certificate to accompany such Coffee, Tea, or Cocoa Nuts so delivered out, (which Permit or Certificate should be also signed by an Officer attending the said Warehouse or Warehouses, who should be appointed by the said Commissioners for the said Inland Duties, or the major Part of them, ) to prevent the seizing thereof:

And whereas it is expedient that for all Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts respectively expressed in any such

Warrant or Warrants, or Certificate or Certificates, mentioned in the said Act to have paid the Inland Duties,

such Permit as is herein after directed should be granted to accompany any such Coffee, Tea, or Cocoa Nuts in lieu and instead of such Permit or Certificate as aforesaid; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the first Day of September One thousand eight hundred and three, upon the Delivery out of any such Warehouse or Warehouses mentioned in the said Act of any Coffee, Tea, or Cocoa Nuts expressed in such Warrant or Warrants, Certificate or Certificates respectively mentioned in the said Act to have paid tl>* Inland Duties, the proper Officer or Officers of Excise shall thereupon grant and give a Permit in Writing, signed by the said Officer or Officers, specifying the Weight of all such Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts respectively; and also the Name or Names of the Person or Persons to whom, and the Place to which the same is intended to be removed, and whether the same is intended to be removed by Land or by Water, and by what Mode of Conveyance the same is intended to be sent; and the Officer or Officers of Excise granting or giving any such Permit shall limit and express in such Permit the Time within which such Coffee, Tea, or Cocoa Nnts in such Permit mentioned, shall be removed from and out of such Warehouse, and also the Time within which the same shall be delivered and received into the House, Warehouse, Shop, Room, or other Place of the Person or Persons respectively, to whom the same is so permitted to be sent; and if such Permit be for the Removal cf Tea, and the Tea so to be removed be Bohea, Congou, Souchong, or Pekoe Tea, then any such Tea shall in the said Permit be specified and expressed under the Name and Denomination of Black Tea; and if the Tta so to be removed be neither Bohea, Congou, Souchong, or Pekoe Tea, then such Tea shall in the said Permit be specified and expressed under the Name and Denomination of Green Tea.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Coffee, Tea, or Cocoa Nuts mentioned or specified in any such Permit shall be removed or sent away from and out of any such Warehouse or Warehouses within the Time expressed and limited in such Permit, and such Coffee or Tea shall not within the Time limited and expressed in such Permit be actually delivered and received iqto the House, Warehouse, Shop, Room, or other Place of the Person or Persons to whom the same is by such Permit authorized to be sent; then and in every such Case, all such Tea, Coffee, or Cocoa Nuts, so removed or sent away as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be Coffee, Tea, or Cocoa Nuts removed without Permit.

V. 4 And whereas by an Act made in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

4. An Act for the better Regulation anil Collection of certain Duties of Excise, it was enacted, that if any Commodity manufactured in Imitation of or to resemble Coffee, or to serve as a Substitute for Coffee or aJIeged so to be, should be made for Sale or fold, or should be found in the Custody or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in or Seller or Sellers of Coffee in Great Britain, the same should be forfeited, together with the Packages containing the fame, and should and might be fieized by any Officer or Officers of Excise \ and the Person or Persons so making or felling the fame, or the Dealer or Dealers in or Seller or Sellers of

Coffee in whose Custody or Possession the same should be found, should forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds: And whereas the said recited Clause has been found by Experience not to answer the good Purposes thereby intended, and it is therefore expedient to repeal the fame, and in lieu thereof, to make such Provision as is herein after mentioned be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the first Day of Sip-tember One thousand eight hundred and three, the said recited Clause shall he, and the same is hereby repealed, five and except in all Cases relating to any Fine, Penalty, br Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, which, on or before the said first Day of September One thousand eight hundred and three, shall be incurred under or by virtue of the said recited Clause; and that from and after the said first Day of September One thousand eight hundred and thrte, if any burnt, scorched, or roasted Peas, Beans, or other Grain, or vegetable Substance or Substances prepared or manufactured for the Purpose of being in Imitation of or in any Respect to resemble Cofiec or Cocoa, or to serve as a Substitute for Coffee or Cocoa, or alleged or pretended by the Possessor or Vender thereof so to be, shall be made or kept for Sale or shall be offered or exposed to Sale, or shall be found in the Custody or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in or Seller or Sellers of Coffee or Cocoa; or of any burnt, scorched, or roasted Peas, Beans, or other Grain, or vegetable Substance or Substances not being Coffee or Cocoa, shall be called by the Preparer, Manufacturer, Possessor, or Render thereof, by the Name of English or British Coffee, or any other Name of Coffee, or by the Name of American Cocoa or English or British Cocoa, or any other Name of Cocoa, the same respectively shall be forfeited, together with, the Packages containing the fame, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excile; and the Person or Persons preparing, manufacturing, or felling the fame, or having the same in his, her, or their CuL tpdy or Possession, or the Dealer or Dealers in or Seller or Sellers of Coffee or Cocoa, in whose Custody the same shall be found, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds,

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 130, 131. 1075

42 G. 3. c. 93. § r4*

CAP. CXXX.

An Act for rectifying a Midake in an Act of the last Session of Parliament for better collecting the Duties on Auctioneers. [11th August 1803.]

WHEREAS by a Clause in an Act, made in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty»

(among other Things) for better collecting and securing the Duties of Excise 011 Auctioneers, it was among other Things enacted, that every Person not already licensed according to an Act therein mentioned*

who then, or at any Time or Times thereafter, did or should exercise the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer or Seller by Commission at any Sale of any Estate, Goods, or Effects whatsoever by Outcry, knocking down of Hammer, by Candle, by' Lot, by Parcel, or by any Mode of Sale at Auction, or whereby the highest ladder was deemed to be the Purchaser, or who should act in such Capacity, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, should at the Time of receiving his Licence give Security by Bond to his Majesty,

his Heirs and Successors, with two sufficient Sureties, in Manner following; that is to say, himself in the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and his Sureties in the Sum of two hundred Pounds each, in the Manner in the said Act directed: And whereas it was intended that every such Person who did or should exercise such Trade or Bufmefsof an Auctioneer or Seller by Commission as aforesaid, or who should aft in such Capacity, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London^ should at the Time of receiving his Licence give Security by Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with two sufficient Sureties, in Manner following;

that is to say, himself in the Sum of one thousand Pounds, and his Sureties in the Sum of two hundred Pounds each, but by Mistake the Sum of one hundred Pounds was inserted in the said Clause initcad of the Sum of one thousand Pounds: Now therefore to remedy the said Mistake, ' be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the sixteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and three, every such Person receiving any such Licence shall give Security by Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with two sufficient Sureties, in Manner following; that is0 say, himself in the Sum of one thousand Pounds, and his Sureties in the Sum of two hundred Pounds each, which Security the Commissioners of Excise in England, or any two or more of them for the Time being, or such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners of Excise shall from Time to Time appoint to deliver out the Licences by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty directed, are and is hereby authorized and empowered to take, that the said Person who shall exercise such Trade or Business, or who ill all act in such Capacity as aforesaid, shall and will deliver every Account of the Sales by him made, and also make Payment of all and every Sum and Sums of Money arising or becoming due for the Auction Duty for or in respect of all such Sales in Manner prescribed in and by the said Act of the nineteenth Year aforesaid, or by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by the said Act, made in the forty second Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, among other Things for exempting from Auction Duty Eilatcs and Effects therein mentioned, and for better collecting and securing the Duties of Excise therein mentioned, or by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, and Methods as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Couitof Exchequer in Scotland respectivdv; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or flic for the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect from the Day on which the same shall receive his Majesty's Royal Assent, except in such Cases in which any special Commencement is provided by this Act.

CAP. CXXXI.

An Act for charging an additional Duty on Lignum Quaflia imported into Great Britain.

[11th August 1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duty on Lignum Quaflia imported into Great Britain should be increased : May it therefore please your Majesty that it may he enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth Day of Oflobrr One thousand eight hundred and three, th* re shall be raised, levied, colkded, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty of Customs of two Pounds sixteen Shillings for every Hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, of Lignum Quaflia imported or brought into Great Britain; which additional Duty shall be managed, raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, Cwi. appropriated, and applied, in such and the like Manner, and by the same Means, Ways, or Methods, in every Respect, as the Duty of Customs on Lignum Quaflia, imposed by an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Cvjlmns payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu s-W. A. theref is managed, raised, levied, collt&ed, paid, recovered, appropriated, and applied.

Au^lioneeis, on receiving Licence, shall give Security in Manner hciein

mentioned.

[&/ 19 (7. 3. c. 56.]

Penalties under 42 G. 3. c. 93. and this Act), may be levied and applied as under LxcifeLaWi, &c.

Commencement of A'h

Additional D.iry on Lignum (Quaflia imported, 2l. 16s. per

6 X z

Goods enumerated in Table (A.) legally imported into the Port of London may be secured in Warc-houses bel ng-ing to the West India Dock Company, without Payment of Duty.

Such Ware-houses shall he first approved by the Tieafuiy.

ljplky Goods enumerated in Table f C.) may be landed without Payment of Duty, under Direc* tions of Commissioners of Customs, on

Bond*

Good« ena-

mei a ted in Table (D.) may be ware-koufed under Direction ^f the Custums, and bonded on the -like Conditions m those in Table (Q).

C. 132. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Cap. cxxxii.

An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain, to be secured in Warehouse without Payment of Duty.

[1 ith August 1803.]

WHEREAS it would greatly tend to the Encouragement of the Trade and Commerce of Great Britainf and to the Accommodation of Merchants and others, if certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize were permitted to be entered and landed, and properly secured, in the Port of London, and certain other Ports

in Great Britain, without Payment at the Time of the first Entry of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize,

of the Duties of Customs and Excise due on the Importation thereof, on such Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, as are herein after provided may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, andy be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of any of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, enumerated or described in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.), and which shall be legally imported and brought into the Port of London, to lodge and securethe fame, under the joint Locks of the Crown and the Merchant, in any Warehouse or Warehouses situated at the Isle of Dogs, and belonging to the West India Dock Company, without Payment at the Time of the first Entry of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Duties of Customs or Excise due on the Importation thereof, subject nevertheless to the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, directed by this Act: Provided always, that no such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be so lodged or secured, unless and until such Warehouses and other Works belonging or to belong thereto shall be so far completed, that, in the Judgment of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Comnvffioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, the same shall be fit and proper in every respect for the Reception of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, andi wherein «the same may respectively be safely and securely deposited and remain, lender the Regulations and Directions of this Act; and the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three qr more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered by Writing under his or theic Hand or Hands, to certify and make known his or their Approbation of such Warehouses; which Certificate-shall be published three Times atleaft in the London Gazett$, and in two or more publick Morning 'Newspapers-then usually circulated in London,

Goods enumerated in Table (B.) may in like Manner be secured in any Warehouse or Warehouses erected or u to be erected, situated within the Premises belonging to the London Dock Company, without Payment of Duty, $2."

III. 4 And whereas from the Bulk of certain Articles, or from other Circumstances, such Articles cannot be conveniently lodged and secured in Warehouses according to this Act be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, enumerated or described in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (C.), which shall be legally imported or brought into, the said Port of London, to land any such Goods without Payment at the Time of the first Entry of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Duties of Customs due on the Importation thereof; and such Goods may be lodged and secured at or in such Places, and under such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as the Commissioners of the Customs in England, or any four or more of them, shall approve and direct, upon the said Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee, entering into Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, with one sufficient Surety, to be approved of by the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs of the said Port of London, in Double the Amount of the full Duties due and payable on the Importation of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, with Condition that such Goods, Wares, 2nd Merchandize, shall be either duly exported in the Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions so far as the same are applicable thereto, as by this Act are directed in respect of Goods* Wares, or Merchandize, secured in Warehouses as aforesaid, and exported directly from thence; or that t^ie full Duties due and payable on the Importation of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be paid to the Collector or other proper Officer of the Customs, within the Space of twelve Months from the Date of the first Entry of such Goods.

IV. 4 And whereas it is expedient from the Nature and Quality of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize- that the same should, for the Accommodation of the Importers thereof, be secured in Warehouses of aparticular Description, without Payment at the Time of the first Entry of the Duties of Customs due on the Import- ation thereof be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, of any of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, enumerated or described in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (D.), and which shall be legally imported or brought into the Port of London, to lodge and secure the fame, under the joint Locks of the Crown and the Merchant, in such Warehouse or Warehouses as may be fit and proper for the Reception and safe Custody of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, without Payment at the Time of the first Entry of the Duties oj Customs due on the Importation thereof, provided it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, or any four or more of them, that such Warehouses are in every Respect proper for the Purpose of securing such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, without Risk to the Revenue; and provided also, that the Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee of any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall enter into Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succtfiors, with one sufficient Surety, to be approved of by the Collector and Comptroller of the Port of London in Double the Amount of the Duties of Customs due and payable on the Importation of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and with such Conditions as are by this Act required with respect to the Bonds to be given for the Duties on the Goods. Wares, and Merchandize, enumerated in Table ifi).

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 132.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, enumerated and described in the said Table, marked (D.)i shall be subject and liable to all the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, required by this Act with respect to Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, securedin Warehouses under the Authority thereof*

VI. And be it stirther enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consigneeor Consignees, of any of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, enumerated or described in the Table hereunto annexedy marked (E.), and which shall have been legally imported or brought into the Port of London, to lodge and secure in a Warehouse or Warehouses to be provided for that Purpose, any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, under the joint Locks of the Crown and the Merchant, without Payment at the Time of the first Entry of the Duties of Customs due on the Importation thereof.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so enumerated or <Ie-scribed in the said Table marked (E.) shall be permitted to be so lodged or secured, unless and until it shall have been made appear to the Satisfaction of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's T rcafury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, that the said Warehouse or Warehouses are complete, fit, arid proper in every Respect for the Reception of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and wherein the same may be lafely and securely deposited; and such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, so lodged and secured in such Warehouses, shall ift all other Resp^ftsbe subject and liable to the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, in this Act contained.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to permit or allow any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever, to be imported into or exported from Great Britain, in any Way or Manner contrary to any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on or immediately before the pafligg of this Act.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, shall deem it expedient that the Provisions of this Act shall be extended to any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not enumerated or described in either of the Tables to this Act annexed, and shall cause a List of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize to be published in the London Gazette, then and from thenceforth all and every the Provisions, Regulations, and Restrictions of this Act shall extend and be construed to extend to such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in every Respect, in as full and ample a Manner as if the fame had been inserted and enumerated in the said Tables-respectively at the Time of passing this Act.

X. ' And whereas it is expedient that the Benefit and Accommodation to Trade granted by this Act should be extended to such Ports in Great Britain, which, from the Nature and Extent of the Trade carried on at

any such Port, the Convenience of Situation, and the Security that may be afforded to the Revenue by the

Construction of Docks, Warehouses* or other Places, properly adapted for the Reception and safe Custody of

Goods according to the Nature thereof, may be deemed entitled thereto be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by his Order in Council, to permit such of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize enumerated or described in either of the Tables annexed to this Act, marked (A.), (B.), (C.), (D.), and (E.), or such other Articles, which by virtue of this Act*may hereafter be added to such Tables, and which may be deemed proper and fit to be landed and lodged in Warehouses, or otherwise secured according to the Directions of this Act, at any Port of Great Britain, without Payment at the Time of the first Entry ©1the Duties of Customs or Excise due on the Importation thereof; provided it shall be made to appear that such Port is with respect to the Trade and Commerce carried on therein, and from the Nature of its Situation* a Port to which it would be just and reasonable to extend the Advantages by this Act granted, and also that Docks, Wharfs, and Warehouses shall have been built and erected withip such Port, complete, fit, and proper in every Respect for the Landing and Reception of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, and wherein the same may respectively be safely imported and landed and securely deposited, according to the Nature thereof, as classed and described in the several Tables hereunto annexed, and wherein the same may remain under the Regulations of this Act: Provided also, that no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever shall be landed at any such Port and warehoused, or otherwise secured, without Payment at the Time of the first Entry of the Duties of Customs and Excise due on the Importation thereof, unless and until his Majesty's said Order in Council shall have been published three Times at lenll in the London Gazette, together with a List of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, so permitted to be landed and warehoused, or otherwise secured, at any such Port, and also a List of such Places within such Ports as shall be deemed fit for the Deposit and Seourity of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize respectively, according to the Nature thereof; and from and after the Day mentioned in such Order in Council, all and every the Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures* Regulations, Acts, Matters, and Things, relating to the landing, warehousing, or otherwise securing of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize under this Act, and the Duties due and payable thereon, shall extend and be construed to extend td* the Port or Ports named in such Order, in like Manner in every Respect, and as fully and amply as if such Port or Ports had been expressly named in this Act.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend or be construed to extend to permit or allow any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize (other than such as are enumerated or described in the said Tables to this Act annexed, and such other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to which the Provisions of this Act shall be extended in Manner aforesaid) to be lodged in Warehouses, or otherwise secured under the Authority of this Act.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That before any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be lodged in Warehodfes, or otherwise secured according to the Directions of this Act, the same shall be duly entered with the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, and regularly landed; and the proper Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs shall on such Landing, or as soon after as conveniently may be, examine the fame, and take a particular and correct Account of the Quantity, Quality, Species, Number, and Contents

8 thereof,

1077

and subject to all Rules respecting Warehouses.

Goods enumerated in Table (E.) may be warehoused without Payment of Duty.

Warehouses for such hilt-mentioned Goods (h il! I ea, proved by the Treasury.

A

Laws of Importation or Exportation not affected.

Treasury may extend the Act to any other Goods*

Benefits of this Act may be extended toother Ports in Great Britain, by Order of Council*

Such Order shall be published in the London G aiette.

No Goods other than those enumerated, Src. shall be warehoused.

Goods before being warc-housed shall be regularly entered and landed; an Account thereof taken.

the Contents t .irked on the Packages.

A!n\rnnre for Damage.

Good? f> warc-housed may I>e

dt*: iv( , < d lor

£xpO'tJiii>ii»

Duty Tree, (ex-fij't as under 42*.) on Bond to land 1 he fume.

Ceriitic.tlfS of landing; i 1

I e'and, &c. within 6 M nt'ts,

Gibraltar, kc,

II Month.*,

Ai'iion, Ane-J ic.i, &c. jS Months,

Si. Helena, kc. 3Q Month*.

By whom Certificate shall be signed.

(Goods captured, See,

Goods taken out f r Home Consumption llu.l pay all Duties then due.

[>§0.14.]

jlr.crenfe of Weight, kc.

pAcepiioiis as i<t Wine and Spii its.

Allowance for Waste in Cotlte and Cocoa Nuts.

C. 132. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

thereof, which Account Aiall be regularly entered in a Book or Books to be provided and kept for that Porpefe, in such Manner as the Commissionera of the CuAoms in England and Scotland respectively fl^all from Time to Time think proper to direct; and the Contents Aiall also be marked by or under the Direction and Inspection of the said Officer or Officers, in diAinft and lcgible Characters, on each and every Package, in all Cases where the same fluill be practicable; and no Allowance, either for .Damage or on any other Account whatever, shall be made on any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, unless the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Configuee or Consignees, at the Time such Goods, Wares, pr Merchandize, are first examined as aforesaid, shall claim or demand the Allowance to which by Law they may be entitled.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which shall have been lodged in any Warehouse or Warehouses, or otherwise fectired according to the Directions of this Act, shall be delivered from or taken out of any such Warehouse or Place, but upon the following Conditions; (that is to say, ) if any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, Audi be intended to be delivered or taken from ther.ce reflectively for Exportation to foreign Parts, the Proprietor or Proprittors, or Exporter or Exporters of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, may so take the same for Exportation, without Payment of any Duty of CuAoms whatever, (except as herein after mentioned, ) provided such Proprietor or Proprietors, or Exporter or Exporters, Audi, before any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, are delivered or taken from thence, make a due Entry thereof with the proper Officer or OAicers of his MajeRv's CuAoms, and shall, together with the Mailer ot* other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, are intended to be exported, and one other sufficient Surety, to be approve4 of by the Collector or Comptroller of the CuAoms at the Port of Exportation, enter into Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, in Treble the Value thereof, with Condition that the said Goods, Wares,

Merchandize, intended to be exported, Avail be landed at the respective Pons or Places, for which the same shall have been entered, and that no Part of the same shall be relanded in Great Britain, or landtd in the I Hands of Guernsey, J\ifey, Alderney, Sard, or Man, or the Iflar.d of Faro or Ferro, which B ond shall and may be discharged in the Manner herein after mentioned; (that is to say, ) for such of the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, as Aiall be entered for or landed in Ireland, or any Part of Fur, pc not within the Streights of Gibraltar, the Condition of the Bond shall be to bring a Certificate in Discharge thereof, within Ax Months from the Date of the Bond; and for such of the Paid Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, as shall be entered for or landed at Gibraltar, or any foreign Parts within the Streights of Gibraltar, within twelve Months from the Date of the Bond; and for inch of the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, as shall be entered for or landed In any Part of Africa, not within the Streights of Gibraltar, and on this Side the Cape of Good Hope, or iu any Part of America, within eighteen Months from the Date of the Bond; and for such of the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, as Aiall be entered for or landed at Saint Helena, or in any Port or Place, at or beyond the Cape of Good Hope, within thirty Months from the Date of the Bond; which said Certificate for such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize before mentioned, as Aiall be landed in any Port or Place in Ireland, or any Part of his MujeAy's Dominions, Plantations, or Settlements, where any Officer of his Majesty's Customs shall be resident, Aull be signed by the proper Officer or Officers of his MajeRv*s CuAoms there, certifying that such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, were there landed, and for Want of such Officer re A ding there, such Certificate Aiall then be Agned by the Governor of such Blands, Dominions, Plantations, or Settlements, or in his Abfonce by the Deputy Governor thereof respectively; and for such Good?, Wares, or Merchandize, as Aiall be landed at any foreign Port or Place, such Certificate shall be Agned by the British Couful or 'Vice Couful refilling there, and if there Aiall be no such Consul or Vice Couful, then such Certificate Aiall be under the Hand and Common Seal of the Chief Magistrate of such Port or Place, or if there be no such Chief Magilhate, then under the Hinds and Seals of two known British Merchants, then resident at such Port or Place, tdlifving that such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize were there landed; and such Bond may also be discharged, upon Proof made to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the CuAoms in England and Scotland i\(peftively for the Time being, that such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize were taken by Enemies, or petlfiied in the Seas: And if any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so warehoused, or otherwise fectired as aforesaid, Aiall be intended to be taken from the Warehouse or Place wherein the same may have been lodged or secured, to be used or con fumed in Great Britain, the Person or Persons so taking out or taking avvav the fame, Aiall fir A pay down in ready Money to the Collector or other proper Officer or Officers of the CuAoms, the fell Duties of CuAoms due and payable on the Importation of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively into Great Britain, at the Time the same Aiall be so taken out for the Purpose of being so used or consumed, according to the Account taken thereof at the firA Examination by the Offie*er or Officers of the Customs, without any Deduction or Abatement whatever on account of any Deficiency arising from Watte, or from any other Cause, of what Mature soever the same may be, except as by this Act is otherwise provided*: Provided always, that when by reason of any Effect produced by Weather, 'or the Time any such Goods, V/arcs, or Merchandize, may have been so warehoused, the same Aiall not correspond in Weight with the first Account taken as aforesaid, but Anil have increased in Weight, such Increase in Weight shall not subjtd the same to any Forfeiture, but the full Duties of CuAoms payable on such Excess of 'Weight beyond Inch firA Account, Aiall be charged and paid, together with the other Duties, according to such firA Account so taken as aforesaid: Provided always, that nothing herein contained Aiall extend or be construed to extend to require any Bond to be given or entered into with the Officer of the CuAoms, for or in respect of the Exportation from any such Warehouse of any Wine, Brandy, Rum, Geneva, or any other Spirits.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in respect of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts warehouse<1 under the Authority of this Act, an Allowance Aiall be made by the proper Officer or Officers of the CuAoms and Excise to the respective Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees of any such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, at and after the Rate of two Pounds for every one hundred Pounds Weight of such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, as a full

2 Compensation

1079

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 132.

Compensation for all Loss, Wade, or Damage whatsoever, whether occasioned by garbling or otherwise, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, warehoused, or otherwise secured under the Authority of this Act, shall be embezzled, or fraudulently or clandestinely hid or concealed in, or fraudulently or clandestinely removed from or out of any Warehouse or Place wherein the same shall have been so lodged or secured, all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so embezzled, or fraudulently or clandestinely hid or concealed, or removed, together with the Packages containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, or of Excise, in Cases where that Revenue is concerned; and the Person or Persons so embezzling, hiding, concealing, or removing the fame, or aiding or assisting therein, or to whose Hands the same shall knowingly come, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as if such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, had been fraudulently unshipped or landed without Payment of Duty.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, warehoused, or otherwise secured in pursuance of this Act, shall be destroyed by Fire, it shall not be lawful for the Importer or Imp orters, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or for any other Person or Persons whatever, to claim or demand, or to maintain any Action or Suit on any Account whatever against his Majesty or the Commi(Turners of his Majesty's Customs or Excise, or any Officer of the Customs or Excise, or other Person employed by the said Commissioners respectively, for any Compensation for or on account or by reason of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, having been destroyed by Fire as aforesaid; and ko Duty of Customs or Excise whatever shall be demanded or paid for any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize ft) destroyed as aforesaid.

XVII. Provided always, That in all Cases wherein any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize are by this Act permitted to be lodged in Warehouses, or otherwise secured, the Expence of Warehouse Rent and all other Charges shall be paid by the Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee of any such Goods. Wares, or Merchandize; and in case it shall be deemed expedient that any Warehouse or Warehouses should be provided or crcfted at the Charge of the Crown for the Purpose of securing therein any of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize enumerated or del'cribed in either of the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (C.), (D.), and (F.), the Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall pay to the Persons who may be appointed by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland respectively, to receive the lame, Warehouse Rent for such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to be estimated according to the usual Rate of such Rent for the like Articles paid at the Port of Importation, and such Estimate shall be made, and the Rate of Payment fixed accordingly by the said Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland respectively, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever, which shall have been lodged in Warehouses, or otherwise secured according to the Regulations of this Act, shall afterwards be exported from any such Warehouse or Place, or entered for Exportation in any Ship or Vessel whatever, which shall not be of the Burthen of seventy Tons or upwards: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be conllmed to extend to repeal or alter any Provision in any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force at the Time of passing this Act, relating to the Tonnage of any Vessel in which any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize may be exported from Great Britain.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be delivered out of, or taken from any Warehouse or Place in which the same shall have been lodged or secured by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, other than in the Packagea in which the same shall have been originally respectively imported from foreign Parts, or in one entire Quantity equal thereto, and contained in a similar Package; nor shall any Brandy, Rum, Geneva, Spirits, or Aqua Vitas, be so taken out for Exportation in any less Quantity than one entire Cask, containing at least one hundred Gallons; nor any Wine in less than one entire Calk, containing forty-five Gallons.

XX. Provided always, That it shall be lawful, under the Inspection of the respective Officers of Customa and Excise, to repack for Exportation only Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, in any other Sort of Package than that in which the same was originally imported, provided the Quantity contained in such Re-package be not less than four Hundred Weight.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the Duties of which shall have been secured by Bond, and which shall have been imported in Bulk, shall be delivered, except in the whole Quantity for which such Bond shall have been given, ora Quantity not less than one Ton Weight, unless by spedal Leave of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland respectively, or any three or more of them, such Leave to be had and obtained previous to such Delivery; and before any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be delivered out of, or taken from such Warehouse, each and every Package shall be marked in such distinguishing Manner as the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively shall from Time to Time direct.

XXII. ' And whereas by an Act, passed in this prefect Session of Parliament, intituled yin ylft for granting to his Majesty during the present War, and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties' 4 on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain 5 additional Duties of Customs were granted and charged on certain Goods, Wares,-and Merchandize imported or brought into Great Britain: And whereas it is expedient that the said Duties of Customs should be charged and payable on all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into Great Britain,

4 (except Sugar, ) which shall have been warehoused, or otherwise secured under the Provisions of this Act, whether the same shall be intended to be exported from Great Britain, or to be used or consumed therein*

be

Warehoused Gy »ds embezzled, conceal* dr or removed, shall be forfeited, as if uulawl'u.ly landed.

Provision as trr waielh'used G H>ri$ destroyed by Flit*.

Warehouse Rent shall be paid by Importer, ice.

Ko varr-hnuftd Good' shall be expo: U d in Vessel under 70 Ton#.

Goods shall be tal&f 11 out ol W.n ehoufv irt their original Packages, &c.

Except Cotter or Cocoa Nut*.

Regulation a* to Delivery of Go >ds imported in hulx.

Importation Duties under 43 G. 3. c.; o. shall be paid un Expoit.ition of all such ware-housed Goods, except Sugar.

io8o

Goods for Exportation shall be re-examined, and Duty paid for Deficiencies.

[Sm §14.]

On shipping warehoused Goods for Exportation, a Certificate shall be granted in Discharge of Importer's Account.

Drawbacks shall be allowed on Goods having paid the full Duties on Exportation within 12 Months.

Rum may be shipped as Stores Dutyfree.

Goods for Exportation fraudulently re-landed, shall be forfeited.

Jr all Cases Vessels, out of wmen any Goods entered lor Exportation shall be rc-ianded, shall be subject to Forfeiture.

How Forfeiture may be remitted.

C. 132. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

be it therefore enacted, That before any Goods, ^iVares, or Merchandize, (except Sugar, ) which shall have been lodged in any Warehouse or Warehouses, or otherwise secured according to the Directions of this Act, shall be delivered from thence for the Purpose of being exported from Great Britain, the Exporter or Proprietor of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall make a due Entry thereof with the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, and shall pay down in ready Money, without any Discount or Abatement whatever, the full Amount of the said additional Duties of Customs granted by the said recited Act, which would have been due and payable for the fame, in case such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize had been taken from the Warehouse or Place wherein they had been lodged or secured for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain; any Thing in this Act, or in any other Act of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided always, That when any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize are intended to be taken out of or from any Warehouse or Place in which the same shall have been lodged or secured according to the Directions of this Act, for Exportation, the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs shall re-examine such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize; ami in case it shall appear on such Re-examination that the Quantity or Contents of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize is or are less than the Quantity or Contents taken by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, at the first Examination of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, then and in such Case the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or the Person or Persons intending to take out the fame, shall, before the same are so delivered out of the Warehouse for the Purpose aforesaid, make a due Entry of such deficient Quantity, and pay to the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs the full Duties of Customs thereon, -except as by this Act is otherwise provided*.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That on the shipping for Exportation to foreign Parts of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which shall have been warehoused, or otherwise lodged or secured, according to the Directions of this Act, the Searcher, or other proper Officers of the Customs, shall, after due Examination thereof, give without Fee or Reward to the Exporter of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or his Agent, a full and correct Certificate, specifying the Quantity, Quality, and Species of the Goods. Wares, or Merchandize so shipped, which Certificate shall afterwards be delivered to such Officer or other Person as the said Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland respectively shall think proper to direct, in order that the same may be entered in a Took or Books to be provided for the Purpose of keeping such Accounts as the said Commissioners may think necessary and proper, with the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of Good-s, Wares, and Merchandize warehoused, or otherwise secured, according to the Directions of this Act; which Certificate, as far as the same will apply, shall go in Discharge of the Accounts of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so warehoused, or in Discharge, as far as the same will apply, of the Bond given by any such Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee respectively, for the Payment of the Duties of Customs on such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, 01* which the full Duties shall have been paid, and which shall afterwards be delivered or taken from any Warehouse or other Place where the same shall have been lodged or secured, according to the Directions of this Act, shall be duly exported from Great Britain, the Exporter or Exporters thereof shall be allowed such and the like Drawbacks of the Duties of Customs as would have been allowed on the Exportation of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively, in oafe this Act had not been made; and also such and the like Drawbacks of the Duties of Excise with respect to any Wine on which the full Duties of Excise shall have been paid; provided the same respectively are exported within the Space of one Year from the Time of the Payment of such full Duties thereon.

XXVI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend/ to prevent Rum of the Produce of the British Plantations, having been warehoused under the Authority of this Act, from being delivered from such Warehouse for the Purpose of being shipped as Stores without Payment of any Duty of Customs, subject nevertheless, as far as the same are applicable, to all the Conditions, Regulations, Restrictions, and Securities required by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on or immediately before the passing of this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which shall have been warehoused or otherwise secured, according to the Directions of this Act, shall, after having been entered for Exportation, be fraudulently unshipped or re-landed, except by Necessity or Distress, to be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland respectively, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs.

XXVIII. ' And whereas the Laws now in Force, made to prevent the fraudulently unshipping or re-landing of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shipped for Exportation to foreign Parts, have not been sufficient to 1 answer the good Purposes thereby intended, and it is expedient, in order to prevent such illicit Practices in 1 future, that where any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which shall have been shipped for Exportation to

foreign Parts, are by the Laws now in Force, or by this present Act, made liable to Forfeiture for being

fraudulently unshipped or re-landed, that the Ship or Vessel out of or from which any such Goods, Wares,

or Merchandize shall be so imshipped or re-landed, should also be subject and liable to Forfeiture be it therefore enacted, That where by this present Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in Force at the Time of passing this Act, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which shall have been shipped in order to be exported to foreign Parts, are or shall be liable to Forfeiture for or on account of the same being unshipped or re-landed, then and in such Cases the Ship or Vessel out of or from which any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize.shall be so unshipped or re-landed, shall be subject and liable to Forfeiture, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or of the Excise, in Cases where that Revenue is concerned: Provided always, That in any Case in which it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the

Costoins

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 132.

Customs in England or Scotland respectively, or of the Excise, as the Case may be, that such Goods so un-shipped or rc-landed either did not form any Part of the Cargo of the said Ship or Vessel, or were of final! Value, and that from the Nature and Quantity of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, and the Circumstances attending the unshipping or re-landing thereof, the same was done without the Privity or Knowledge of the Master of such Ship or Vessel, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to remit such Forfeiture, and declare the Seizure of such Ship or Vessel to be null and void; and in such Case no Person or Persons whatever shall be entitled to bring or maintain any Suit or Action on account of any such Seizure as aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which shall have been lodged in any Warehouse or Warehouses, to be provided according to the Directions of this Act, or otherwise freured, shall within fifteen Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day on which such Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall have made their first EnUry thereof, clear and take from and out of such Warehouses or Places respectively, dther for Exportation, according to the Directions of this Act, or to be consumed in Great Britain, all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize; and in case such Importers, Proprietors, br Consignees, shall fail or neglect so to do, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Custotns in England or Scotland respectively, to cause all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to be publickly fold or exposed to Sale; and after such Sale the Produce thereof is first to be applied to or towards the Payment of the Freight, Primage, and Charges of Warehouse Room, and other Charges that shall arise thereon; next the Duties of Customs and Excite; and the Overplus, if any, to be paid to the Proprietor or other Persons authorized to receive the same; prodded that no such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be so fold, unless a Price can be obtained for the same equal at lead to the full Amount of all Duties of Customs and Excise charged and chargeable thereon, together with the Expences thereon; but if such Price cannot be obtained, then and in such Case all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be effectually destroyed by and in the Presence of the proper Officer of the Customs, and also of the Officers of the Excise, in Cases where that Revenue is concerned, who are hereby respectively authorized and required to destroy the same accordingly; and the Proprietor or Owner of any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall have no Claim, either in Law or Equity, to the Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any Part thereof so destroyed as aforesaid; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland respectively, and they are hereby authorized and required, to make such Allowance to the present Officers, Clerks, and all other Persons employed in the Service of the Customs, whose Income shall be reduced by the Operation of this Act, in lieu of and by way of Compensation and Satisfaction for the fame, as they in their Discretion (having Regard as well to the creditable Subsistence of the Officers, as to Publick Economy) shall judge necessary: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or in anywise alter the Duties of Package, Scavage, Balliage, oi* Portage, or any other Duties payable to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or to the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or to any other City or Town Corporate within Great Britain, or to repeal or in anyways alter the Prisage of Wine, the Duty called Butlerage, or any other special Privilege or Exemption to which any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, is or are now entitled by Law; but the same shall be continued as heretofore.

u This ACT shall not affect the local Acts 39 G. 3. c. lxix. 42 G. 3. c. cxiii. as to West India Docks, or 39 u 40 G. 3. r. xlvii. as to London Docks, §31."

XXXII. And whereas certain of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize intended to be warehoused under the*Provision of this Act, areTubjeCT to very high Duties of Excise on the Importation thereof, and it is therefore expedient that the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize should be imported, landed, warehoused, and delivered for Home Consumption or Exportation, as the Case may require, under the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions respectively herein after provided; 9 be it therefore further enacted, That before any Goods, Wares, of Merchandize, subject liable to a Duty of Excise, on the Importation thereof, shall be unshipped or landed for the Purpose of being warehoused before Payment of the Duties, the Importer or Proprietor shall make Entrt thereof in Writing with the proper Collector of Excise, specifying in such Entry the Name of the Ship or Veflfcf, and the Master thereof, the Number and Marks of the Calks, Cases, Bags, Boxes, or other Packages, the Kind or Specie3 of Goods, Warc9, or Merchandize contained iu each, and at what Port or Place the same was loaded or taken in.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no foreign Brandy, Ruin, Geneva, Spirits, or Aqua Vitas shall be warehoused before Payment of the Duties, unless the same shall be imported in Calks of one hundred Gallons each at the ieaft; nor shall any foreign Wine be so warehoused before Payment of Duty, unless imported in Calks containing at lead forty-five Gallons each; nor shall any Coffee or Cocoa Nuts be so warehoused before Payment of Duty, unless the same shall be contained in Calks, Bags, Boxes, or other Packages of as least one hundred and twelve Pounds Net Weight each.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That before any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, subjc& to any Duty of Excise, shall be allowed to be warehoused before Payment of the Duties, good and sufficient Security shall be given, to be -approved by the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons appointed or employed by them for that Purpose, which Security such Person or Persons are hereby authorized and empowered to takq by Bond in Double the Value of the Duties charged or chargeable on such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize ref fpc&iyely, for Payment of all and every the find Duties respectively, before the same shall betaken or delivered out of any Warehouse in which the same shall or may be, or may. have been lodged or deposited under or by virtue of this Act, for Home Consumption; or in calc the same shall not be taken or delivered put of any fuc

43 Geo. III. 6 Y Warthouse

e

10S1

Warehoused' Good*, if not taken out within 15 Months, {had be sold to satisfy Duties, &c.

or destroyed if not sufficient so to In.

Compensation*to Office*.

Exception as so Package, % Pijfage, &C,

Entry shall be made of all such exciseable Articles imported with the Collector before* landing.

S*reofCafk$ Packages for Spirit*, Wipe, and Coffee, to be vaiclioufed, (

1

Bond shall I e'*givt n for Duties on such excise-aHe Commodities.

io8a

Such Goods Hull be landed. See. only under warrant from <?ol-le£lor and in Presence of Officer.

No Article sub-je£t to different Excise Duties shall be ware-housed together.

All warehoused Goods shall be flowed so as to afford Access to the Packages.

Penalty 50l.

Notice shall be given of taking cxoifeable Goods out of Warehouse:

for Home Consumption;

lor Exportation*

Exception as to Coffee, he.

Exciseable Goods shall be delivered in Presence of Officer.

Goods for Home Consumption shall be accompanied by Per* mits, and those lor Exportation l^e fotthwith shipped.

C. 132, 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Warehouse as aforesaid for Home Consumption on Payment of the Duties, or for Exportation, within one Year from and after the Day of the Date of the Bond so given or entered into in respect thereof as aforesaid, then tot pay all and every the Duties charged and chargeable on the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively at the End of the said Year, together with all Charges that may be incurred by the Officers of Excise for or in respect of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively.

AXXV. And be it further enacted, That no such Goods, Wares, -or Merchandize, subject to a Duty of Excise, shall be unshipped or landed, and lodged or deposited in any such Warehouse as aforesaid, without a Warrant for that Purpose from the proper Collector of Excise, nor without the Presence of an Officer or Officers of Excise; and if any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be so unshipped or landed without a War*, rant from such Collector of Excise, or without the Presence of an Excise Officer, the same shall not be allowed to be warehoused under the Authority of this Act, but shall be subject to Forfeiture as by any Law or Laws of Excise now in Force, or hereafter to be made.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize subject to different Duties of Excise, shall be wilfully and knowingly lodged or deposited in one and the same Room, Place, or Apartment in any such Warehouse or Warehouses as aforesaid, on Pain of forfeiting all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, subject to different Duties of Excise, together with the Packages containing the fame, that shall be fa wilfully and knowingly lodged or deposited in any such Room, Place, or Apartment as aforesaid; all which shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, focured in Warehouses

under the Authority of this Act, shall be (lowed away, placed, and deposited in the said Warehouses, in such Manner as that easy and convenient Access may be had to every Cask, Case, Bag, Box, or other Package, for the Purpose of examining and taking a true Account of the Contents thereof; and if the Owner or Proprietor of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any Warehouse Keeper or Agent, shall omit, neglect, or refute so to (low away, place, and deposit the fame, or cause the same to be followed away, placed, or deposited, as hereby directed, at his or their own Charge or Expence, .he or they shall for every such Omission, Neglect, or Refusal as aforesaid forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That before any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, subject to a Duty of Excise, shall be taken or delivered out of any such Warehouse or Warehouses as aforesaid, either for Home Consumption or Exportation, the Importer or Proprietor thereof shall, and he is hereby required to give at lead twenty-four Hours1 Notice in Writing to the proper Collector or Officer of Excise, of his Intention fa to take out such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, specifying in such Notice the particular Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so intended to be taken out, the Number, Marks, and Description of each Package, and the Kind and Species of Goods therein contained, the Ship or Vessel by which the same was imported, the particular Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same i6 or are deposited, and whether to be taken out for Home Consumption or for Exportation; and in case the same shall be intended to be taken out for Home Consumption, then the Excise Duties charged or chargeable thereon shall be paid down to the proper Collector of Excise, according to the Account first taken on the Landing thereof, before any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be taken or delivered out of any such Warehouse or Warehouses; or in case the same shall be intended to be taken out for Exportation without Payment of Duty, then the Proprietor or Exporter thereof shall, before the f)elivery thereof out of any such Warehouse or Warehouses, give good and sufficient Security, to be approved by the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons appointed or employed by them for that rurpose^ which Security such Person or Persons are hereby authorized and empowered to take, by Bond, in Double the Value of the Duties charged or chargeable thereon for Home Consumption, that the same and every Part thereof shall be duly shipped and exported to Parts beyond the Seas, and shall not be unshipped, unladen, or put on board any other Ship, Vessel, or Btfat, (Shipwreck or other unavoidable Accident excepted, ) nor relanded in any Part or Place in Great Britain, or in the Islands of Jerseyt Guernsey, Alderney, Sari, or Man: Provided always, that nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend to require or authorize any Bond to be taken by the Commissioners or Officers of Excise in respect to the Exportation of Coffee or Cocoa Nuts.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, subject to a Duty of Excise, shall be taken or delivered out of any such Warehouses, either for Home Consumption or Exportation, save and except in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Removal and shipping of all such of the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, as shall be intended for Exportation, except Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, shall be attended and the same shall be seen on Shipboard by the proper Officer of Excise.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, subject to a Duty of Excise* which shall be delivered or taken out of any such Warehouse for Home Consumption, shall be accompanied by an Excise Permit, granted according to the Laws in that Case made and provided; and in case atiy Tucn Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, Coffee and Cocoa Nuts excepted, shall be delivered or taken out of such Warehouse for Exportation, the same and every Part thereof shall forthwith, and without unnecessary Delay, and in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise as aforesaid, be carried to and put on board the Ship or Vessel in which the same are intended to be exported; and in case the same or any Part thereof shall be altered in Quantity or Quality* after being delivered from or out of the Warehouses, and before exported, or shall notoe actually put on board such Ship or Vessel, or if the Whole, or any Part thereof, shall, after being so shipped, be unshipped or put into any other Ship or Vessel, or into any Boat, (Shipwreck or other unavoidable Accident excepted, ) or shall be relanded in Great Britain, all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the shipping of which shall be so omitted or neglected, or which shall be altered in Quantity or Quality, or shall be unshipped or relanded, shall, together with the Packages containing the fame, be forfeited, over and above the Penalty of the Bond given or entered into in respect of the Exportation thereof, and shall and may be feixed by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

GrI3^« 1683

XLI. And be it farther enacted, That it shall and rnty be lawful to and for the proper Officer or Officer* Excise Officers of Excise, to take a true and particular Account of the Quantity, Quality, and Species of all such Goods, ffiail take Ac-Wares, or Merchandize, subject to a Duty of Excise, which shall be proposed or intended to be or shall be before warehoused before Payment of the Duties, by Weight, Gauge, Tale, or otherwise, as the Case may require, w; irchoused while the same shall be remaining on Shipboard, or while in any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or Vessel, or as soon as arjj ujce ' the same shall be landed, or whifit the same shall remain on any Wharf, Quay, or other Place whatever, and also Samples* while the same shall be remaining in any such Warehouse or Warehousea as aforesaid, in order to ascertain £nd secure the Duty or Duties of Excite chargeable thereon; and such Officer or Officers of Excise shall be permitted at any Time to take a Sample of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize as aforesaid 5 that is to say, out of every Calk of any kind of Spirits a Sample not exceeding Half a Pint, and out of every Calk or other Package of Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, a Sample not exceeding one Ounce; which Samples shall be regularly marked and registered, and securely kept by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, until the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize to which the same particularly refers shall have been legally delivered for Home Consumption, or for Exportation.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Importer or Proprietor of any importer or such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, subject to a Duty of Excise, at any Time in the Presence of the proper Proprietor may Officer of Excise, to take a Sample thereof; that is to say, out of each Calk of any Kind of Spirits or Wine, ukt Sample*, not more than Half a Pint; and out of every Cask or other Package of Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, not more than two Ounces; provided that no more than two such last mentioned Samples shall be taken, fav< and except in any Case where the former Samples shall be returned.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Importer or Proprietor, Who may have Occasion or be importer or desirous to inspect or examine any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize to him belonging, ffijfll, upon giving Proprietor may four Hours' Notice in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise, be permitted by such Officer, with the Concur- examine Goods rence and in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, to enter into and remain in such"'* Warehouse or Warehouses so long as shall be ndeessary, dnrkig the legal Hours of Business, for the Purpose of 0 1 inspecting or examining such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or for making such lawful Alteration* therein, or Arrangements thereof, as may be necessary either for the Preservation and Security thereof, or in order to the $ale or Iqgal Difpefal of the same respectively: Provided always, that no fqch Alterations or Arrangements shall be made which may in any Respect tend to lefferi his Majesty's Duties, or to imped* qr obstruct or otherwifie cm-barrafs the Officers of Customs and Excise in taking and keeping a true Account thereof.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Quantity of any such* Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, Duty (hat! b# subject to a Duty of Excise, which, at the full End aim Expiration of one Year from the Day of the Date of paid fur Deft-the Bond given or entered into with the Excise in respect of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall have ciencie*. been duly delivered for Home Consumption, added to the Quantity of fu$h Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively which within the like Period shall have been duly exported, shall fall short or be deficient of the actual Quantity ascertained and taken Account of at the Time of the Importation thereof, then and in such Cate the Importer or Proprietor of finch Goods, Wares, or Merchandize refipe&ivchr ftjall, and .he i* hereby required immediately to pay to the proper Collector of Excise, the whole or the Excise Duties chargA or chargeable for or in re(pe& of the Quantity so deficient as aforesaid; and uboh the making of fiteh Payment, the Bond given or entered into for the due Payment of the Duties of Excise as aforesaid, shall be dr-.livered up and cancelled.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officer or Officers of Custom8 and Excise to take a true and particular Account of all Coffee and Cocoa Nuts wWfch shall be, after the Commencement of this Act, remaining in any Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall have been lodged or deposited before Payment of the Duties; and if any such Coffee or Cocba Nuts shall not be duly cleared for Home Consumption, or for Exportation, within one Year after taking such Account, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively to direct the same to be sold for and towards satisfying the Duties of Customs and Excise, and the Charges acte*ding such Sales; and if any Surplus shall remain alter Payment of such Duties and Charges, the same shall be paid to the Proprietor or Owner of such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts; provided, that if a Price cannot be obtained for such Coffee and Cocoa Nuts equal to the fidl Amount of the Duties and Charges, ^hen and in such Case such Coffue and Cocoa Nuts shall be effectually destroyed in the same Manner as is by this Act directed in case of any Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize required to be destroyed.

XIVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall molest, disturb, hinder, oppose, or impede any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise in the due Execution of the Powers or Authorities by this Act granted to such Officer or Officers of Excise, or any or either of them, every Period 01 E*cife*ooL f© offending (HaH forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, of be construed to Regulations re-extend, to repeal or alter any of the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, or fr, ecting Tea, Things enacted by any Law or Laws of Customs Or Excise in Force at or immediately before the passing of this Tobacco, Snutf, Act, for or in retpe& of Tea, Tobacco, or Snuff, or Rum, Spipts, or Aqua Vkae, of the Produce of ttfb and Spirit?, not Brtttjh Plantations in America; but that all and singular the (bid Rules, Regulations, Restrictions; Power*, IVo- JU°, hlt

visions, Ckufefr, Matters, and Thing* enacted as aforesaid, shall remain and contJnde in «s fall Force and Effb&, com*inu^ the same not beingcontmlled by or repugnant to any of the Provisions heroin contained, as if this Act had^iot been made 5 any Thing herein to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That die several Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, t Power*, Provi- Pruvi lions of all lions, Clauses, Matters, and Things etia&^d by any Law or Laws of Excise in Force at or immediately before former a As, n- the passing of this Act, whether in relation to the Importation or Exportation of any. Good*, Warts, or repugnant, fluU

6x2 Merchandize

Excise Officers shall take Account of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts.

Penalty on obstructing Officers

continue.

1084

C. 132. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Merchandize chargeable with Duties of Excise as aforesaid, or for the better ascertaining or securing those Duties, not being expressly repealed, revoked, altered, or controlled by this present Act, or repugnant to any of the Provisions herein contained, shall also remain and continue in as full Force and Effect as if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

u Penalties, See. may be recovered] as under Excise Laws, §49. Limitation of Actions, six Months. — " General Issue. — Treble Costs, §50."

TABLES referred to by this ACT,

TABLE (A).

A LIST of ARTICLES which may be secured in Warehouses within the Premises situated at the Isle of Dogs, and belonging to the West India Dock Company, without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid:

Cocoa Nuts Coffee ! -

Sugar

Cotton Wool

Ginger

Indigo

Mahogany Melasses Pimento Rum

Not imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

Imported from the West Indies.

TABLE (BO

A LIST^of ARTICLES which (not being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or not being imported from the West Indies) may be secured in Warehouses within the Premises belonging to the London Dock Company, without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid:

Rice,

Tobacco,

Wine,

Brandy,

f Geneva and other Spirits,

TABLE (CO

A LIST of ARTICLES which (not being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, qr not being imported from the West Indies) may be secured in Places to be.approved by the Commissioners of the Customs, without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid:

Brimstone,

'Cork,

Hemp ttndreffeda Iron in Bars, Kelp,

Mahogany,

Pitch,

Rosin,

Staves,

Tallow,

Tar,

Timber,

Tow,

Turpentine,

Wood.

TABLE (DO

A LIST of ARTICLES which (not being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or not being imported from the West Indies) may be secured in Warehouses to be approved by the Commissioners of the Customs, without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being bill paid:

Skins, videlicet. — Indian Deer Skins, half dreifed or (haved.

Other Skins and Fur3 not tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed.

Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter, Train Qil, and all other Fish Oil, Blubber, and Whale Fins of British Fifiling.

TABLE (E.)

A LIST of ARTICLES which (not being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or not being imported from the West Indies) may be secured in Warehouses to be approved by the Lords Commissioners of his MajestyVTreasury, without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid

Almonds of all Sorts, Barilla,

Anchovies, 'Bees Wax,

Annifced, Bridles undressed,

Balsam Capivi, Cantharides,

Carpets,

43° GEORGII III.

C. 132 — 134. 1085

Carpets, Turkey,

Chip Hats,

Clover Seed,

Cochineal,

Cotton Yarn,

- Woo!,

Currants,

Elephant's Teeth,

Feathers for Beds,

Figs,

Ginseng,

Gum Arabic,

--Senega,

Jalap,

Jesuit's Bark,

Indigo,

Juniper Bernes,

Linen, plain, of all Sorts, except Sail Cloth,

Manna,

Mohair Yarn,

Oil of Olives,

- Palm,

- Salad,

- of Turpentine* Opium,

Prunes,

Quicksilver,

Raisins of all Sorts, Rhubarb,

Saffron,

Sena,

Silk, Raw,

- Thrown,

--Waste,

Smalts,

Straw Hats.

CAP. CXXXIII.

An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight} an Act, made in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for enabling his Majesty to permit the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into the Port of Tortola \ and to continue until the fourteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred t and eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amend so much of an Act, made in the, sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of foreign wrought Silks and Velvets into Great Britain.

[1 ith Augtifi 1803.]

42 G» 3. c. 102. recited, and continued till March 25, 1808, $ I. — 6 G. 3. c. 28. (continued by various Acts, the last recited being 35 G. 3. c. 38. f 3: hut fee 42 G. 2. c. 79. §4.7 further continued tiXL June 14, 1808, fb far as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of foreign wrought Silks and Velvets (except so far as it is repugnant to 43 G. 3. c. 68. See Sited, A. Title 2.

CAP. CXXXIV.

An Act for the Relief* of the Captors of Prizes, with tefpeft to the bringing and landing certain-Prize Goods in Great Britain, during Hostilities. [i rth Attgtest 1803.]

YT7*HEBLEAS it is expedient to make Provision respecting Vessels and Goods taken from an Enemy and condemned as Prize, during Hostilities be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which shall have been taken as Prize fmee the Commencement, or may be taken during the Continuance of Hostilities, and which have been or may be brought into Great Britain by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or by any Private or other Ship or Vessel having Commission from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or which have been qr may be seized by any Non-commissioned Vessel, or otherwise as Droits of Admiralty, shall and may, upon Condemnation thereof as lawful Prize, be landed in any Port in Great Britain, and secured under the King's Locks in Warehousea, provided at the foie Expence of the Captors, with the Privity and Approbation, and under the Care and Impe&ion of the Commissioners or other Principal Officers for colle<5ling and managing the respective Duties of Customs; and upon Admission of any such Goods into such Warehouses, there mall be paid by the Captors or their Agents the following Duties of Customs j that is to say,

For every Ton of Wine or Vinegar, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons, the Sum of two Pounds, if taken by a Ship of War, or by a Private Vessel 5 for every Ton of Brandy, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons, the Sum of two rounds five Shillings, if taken by a Ship ot War, or seized a3 Droits of Admiralty, the Sum of fifteen Shillings, if taken by a private Vessel; for every Hundred Weight of Sugar, the Sum of six Shillings, if taken by a Ship of War, or seized as Droits of Admiralty, and the Sum of two Shillings, if taken by a private Vessel; for every Hundred Weight of Coffee, the Sum of ten Shillings and Sixpence, if taken by a Ship of War, or seized as Droits of Admiralty, and the Sum of three Shillings and Sixpence, if taken by a private Vessel; for every Hundred Weight of Cocoa, the Sum of three Shillings and Nine-pence^ if taken by a Ship of War, or seized as Droits of Admiralty, and the Sum of one Shilling and Three-pence, if taken by a private Vessel; and upon all other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, not particularly excepted or otherwise charged with Duty by this Act, for every one hundred Pounds of the Value thereof, the Sum of seven Pounds ten Shillings, if taken by a Ship of War, or seized as Droits of Admiralty, and the Sum of two Pounds ten Shillings if taken by a private Vessel.

II. Provided always, That no Duties whatever shall be demanded or taken for any Prize Goods, confuting of Military or Ship Stores, vidcRcet, Sails, Cordage, Anchors and Cables, lifrftty Yards* Bowsprits, Blocks,

4 "'Guns,

Prize Goods may, on Condemnation, be landed in Great Britain and Secured in Ware-houses.

Upon Payment ol" the Duties of Customs herein. specifi

Exemption? from Duty, vis. Militaryor Sfcfp 'Stores.

ib86

Goods admissible Duty free.

Ships, &c.taken from the Enemy.

Corn, &c. shall be warehoused, subject to all Regulations in re-fyeft to foreign Corn.

East Tndta Goods shall be sold in London, subject to the Regulations of Saks by the East India Company, 6tc.

Tobacco, ice. importen into Ports not enumerated in the Acts 29G. 3. c. 68. 31 G. 3. c. 47., &c. shall be removed to such Ports, and shall be subject to the Regulations of recited A&sand3oG.3. c. 40.

Commissioners of Customs may order Priie Goods, except Snuff and Tobacco, to be removed for Exportation to any Cullom House Warehouse in Great Britain,c.

Good? condemned abroad shall be entitled to the Bent fit of this Act, on Certificate of Con-. dcannation, &c.

C. 134.'; 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Guns, Gunpowder, Shot, Match, Gun Carnages, Cartridges, and other Materials thereto belonging, and all Timber and Iron converted into and made fit for Ship Building, or for any of the Uses and Purposes aforesaid; faked Beef, Pork, and Butter, Biscuit, Small Beer, Pease, and Oatmeal; Sailors* Clothes, Hammocks, Bedding, and Apparatus and Instruments belonging to Surgeons; Bullion; or for any Goods which, by any Law, in Force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, may be imported into Great Britain Duty free: Provided also, that no Ship of War, or any private Ship or Vessel of War, which hath been or shall be taken from the Enemy and legally condemned as Prize, nor the Sails, or any of the Tackle, Apparel, or Furniture belonging to such Ship or Vessel, shall be charged or chargeable with, or subject or liable to pay any Duty whatever, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Flour, Rye, Barley, Beer or Bigg, Oats, Oatmeal, Pease, Beans, Indian Com and Maize, taken and condemned as Prize, shall, on the same being brought into any Port in Great Britain, be warehoused, and subject to such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Duties, Drawbacks, Penaltits, and Forfeitures, as are provided and enacted by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on or immediately before the passing of this Act with respect to any foreign Com imported into Great Britain, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all the Clauses, rowers, Dke&ofcs, and Authorities in such Acts respectively were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this prefertt A

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Goods ^f the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of CM* br tke East Indies, taken and condemned as Prize, shall be publickty exposed to Sale in the City of London by the Captors or their Agents, Notice of such Sale being first given by the proper Officers of the Customs or Excise respectively concerned therein; and such Goods shall be sold 6n Aicli Conditions, and under such Rules, Re-giflaLiotis, aftd Restrictions, as are used and practised at the Sales of the East India Company, and the Goads null be subject to such Duties, and entitled to such Drawbacks as the like Goods are or may be {hbjc&and cotitled to when imported by the East India Company, and the like Duties due and payable on such Goods shall belaid in all Cases by the Captors or their Agents.

V. And be it furthey enacted, That Tobacco and Snuff of all Sorts taken as Prize, and brought irttd any

Port of Qrettt Britain, not being a Port ennmenrted in an Act, passed in tire twenty-ninth YtanSF-4fije: Mfign of hk present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Entree an Tobacco and Snkjf andfW pfaMfrig 4eru Duties in lieu thereof \ and in another Act, passed in the thirty-tirft Year of the Reign 0O1 is intituled, An Act to prevent other Ships than those laden with Tobacco from mooring and discharging their Lading at the Places appointed by an Act made in Ase^ twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Mojrjly, int tilde d, An Act '* for repealing the Duties on Tobacco, and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof f to, prohibit the Exportation of damaged or mean Tobacco; and for permitting the Importation of Tobacco and Snuff Into the Port of Newcastle-upon-Tyne; shall be removed according to the Provisions of the said Act oi the twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty, as soon as may be, under the usual Coast Dispatches and Sec unties, to some one of the Ports enumerated in the said Acts; and that such Tobacco and Snuff, brought into any Port enumerated in the said Acts, shall, on Condemnation as Prize1, be warehoused in his Majesty's Tobacco Warehouse at such Port, and be subject and liable to Warehouse Refit, at the Ratie 6f ode Pinny Halfpenny per Week for every Hogshead, or other Package; and such Tobacco and Snuff may be exported from such Warehouse, without Payment of any Duty, or may be taken out of such Warehouse for Home Consumption or Manufacture, on Payment of the Duties due and payable on Tobacco and Snuff of the Growth or Production of his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America^ and such Tobacco and Snuff, so warehoused, shall be subject and liable to the Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are provided and enacted with respect to warehoused Tobacco and Snuff in the said Act, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and in an Act passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, modern the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new

Duties in lieu thereof j and alfc in the said recited Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign ofhtspft-sent Majesty.

VI. 4 And whereas it may in some Case be impracticable for the Captors or their Agents to procure Vtffefc

to export Prize Goods directly from the Ports where they are warehoused, in pursuance of this Act, and the keeping such Goods for a considerable Time, in order to procure such Vessels, may be attended with great

Expence and Loss to the Captors; for the Remedy whereof/ be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland respectively, or any three or more of them, in any Case where they shall think proper, to order such Goods, so secured in any Warehouse in Great Britain, Tobacco and Snuff excepted, to be removed and font from thence for Exportation to any Custora House Warehouse at any other Place or Port in Great Britain, by and under the Seal of Office of the Cofleftor and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port from whence the Goods are intended to be so removed, at the Expence of the Captors or their Agents, or other Person or Persons who may have purchased the fame; and in such case the Security directed by this Act shall be taken by the Customeror Collector of the Port to which such Goods arc removed, before they are delivered for Exportation, instead of the Customer or Collector of the Port where they were first warehoused as aforesaid, any Thing in the present Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Goods taken as Prize and condemned abroad shall, on Importation into Great Britain, be entitled to the Benefit and Indulgence granted to Prize Goods by this Act, provided a Certificate, from and under the Hand and Seal of the Judge or Registrar of the Court in which such Goods shall have been condemned, shall be produced to the Collector or Principal Officer of his Majesty* Customs at the Port or Place into which such Goods shall be imported, certifying the Condemnation thereof; and the Matter of the Ship or Vessel on board of which such Goods shall be imported, shall, together with the Im-

8 porter,

A.D. 1803. 430 GEORGII IIl. C. 134.

porteT, Proprietor, or Consignee, make Oath before the said Collector or Principal Officer, (who is hereby empowered to administer the same, ) that, to the best of their Knowledge and Belief, the Goods foimported are the identical Goods mentioned in the Certificate of Condemnation.

VIII. And whereas Goods of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of China, or the East Indies, taken

as Prize, may, during Hostilities, be carried into some of the Out Ports of Great Britain and condemned; in

order that the Duties due thereon maybe properly ascertained, ' be it further enacted, That in all Cases where such Goods shall be carried into any Out Port of Great Britain, and condemned as Prize, Bond, with sufficient Security, shall be given to his Majesty, in Treble the Value of such Goods, that the same shall be brought to London, and delivered to the proper Warehouse-keeper at the Customs in the Port of London, to be deposited by him in Warehouse provided at the Expence of the Captors or their Agents, and approved of by the Commissioners of the Customs, or any four or more of them; and with further Condition to procure a Certificate from such Warehouse-keeper, within three Months from the Date of such Bond, that the Goods have been delivered accordingly, which Security the Collector and Comptroller, or other Principal Officer of the Customs at the Port from whence such Goods are to be removed, are hereby authorized and empowered to take, and to caficel and discharge such Bonupon receiving the Certificate from the Warehouse-keeper as herein-before directed; and if such Goods shall be sent by Land Carriage they shall be removed under the Seals of Office of such Collector and Comptroller or Principal Officer of the Customs, and shall be accompanied with a Transire, expresstng the Number and Marks of the Packages; and all such Goods so removed, either by Land or Water, shall afterwards be publickly expofpd to Sale ir. the City of London by the Captors or their Agents, they giving Notice of such Sale to the proper Officers of the Customs or Excise respectively concerned therein, and under the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, in all Respects, and subject to such Duties as are or may be payable upon the like Goods, when imported by and sold at the Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and the Duties due by Law thereon shall be accordingly paid and applied; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary not with (landing.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That where any foreign Ship or vessel (not being a Ship of War or a private Ship or Vessel of War) hath been or shall hereafter be taken during HostiHtjcs, and condemned Prize, m any of his Majesty's Dominions out of Great Britain, the Duty due and payable by Law for such Ship or Vessel shall be paid, upon her first Arrival at any Port in Great Britain, to the Collector of his Majesty's Customs at such Port, by the Master, Owner, or Consignee, of such Ship or Vessel, whether the same mall or shall not have been sold by the Captors after Condemnation, and that no foreign-built Ship or Vessel so condemned shall enjoy or be entitled to the Privilege of a British, built Ship or Vessel until such Duty is paid for the same \ and it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs to (top and detain such Ship or Vessel at any Port iu Great Britain, until the said Dutyvis paid as aforesaid; and in case Payment thereof shall not be made for the Space of three Calendar Months after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel at any Port in Great Britain^ it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty'tf Customs in England or Scotland respectively, or

any three or more of them, to cause such Ship or Vessel, and her Masts* Apparel, and Furniture to be sold publickly to the best Bidder, and the Produce thereof to be applied, first, to the Charges that shall arifg by such Detention and Sale, next to the Customs and Duties, and the Overplus to be paid to the Proprietor of Inch Ship, or other Person duly authorized by such Proprietor to receive the same.

X. And it is hereby further enacted, That any Prize Goods which shall be received into any Warehouss in pursuance of this Act, or which are now remaining in any Warehouse in Great Britain, where they , hav« been secured under the King's Locks, by Permission of the Commissioners of the Customs* shall and may, upon Payment of the respective Duties before directed by this Act, be exported, at any Time directly from thence, either by the Captors or their Agents, or by any other Person or Persons, jWithoujt paying any further Duty of Customs or Excise for the fame; the Person or Persons exporting the fame, giving sufficxent Security in Double the Value of the Goods before the Delivery thereof out of the Warehouse, that the same shall be really and truly exported, and not brought back again or relanded in any Part of Great Britain, or landed in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the I (lands of Faro or Ferro; which Security the Customer or Collector of the Port from whence the same are. intended to be exported, is hereby required and authorized to take in his Majesty's Name, and to his Majesty's Use.

XI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That if any Goods shall be taken out of any Warehouse wherein they are secured as aforesaid, to be used or con fumed in Great Britain, the Person or Persons so taking out the same shall first pay up the Remainder of the Duties which would at that Time have been due and payable to his Majesty thereon, if the same had been regularly imported by way of Merchandize into Great Britain; and such Goods shall, in all other Respects, be liable to the same Restrictions and Regulations to which they would have been fubied if this Act had not been made.

XII. And whereas the clandestine Importation and Running of Spirits, Tea, and other prohibited Goods,

into Great Britain, may during Hostilities, be carried on to a great Degree in Urge Vessels fitted out and

armed as Privateers: And whereas by Means of this illicit Commerce so prejudicial to the publick Revenue and the fair Trader, the Powers with whom Great Britain is or may be carrying on Hostilities, may receive

Intelligence very detrimental to Great Britain; for the better preventing whereof, ' be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Ship or Vessel whatever which shall be commissioned by Letters oTMarque or General Reprisals, or otherwise, by his Majesty's Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, shall be found at Sea* or in any Port in Great Britain, or at any Distance from the Coast thereof, having on board any foreign Brandy or other foreign Spirituous Liquors in any Vessels or Casks which shall not contain sixty Gallons at the least, except only for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such Ship or Vessel, not exceeding two Gallons for each Seaman, or any Tea exceeding the Quantity of six Pounds Weight, or any other Goods whatever, which arc or may be liable to

Forfeiture

1087

Regulations respecting bringing tali India Goods condemned in the Out Ports to London, and the Sale of them, there.

Foreign Vesselj (except Ship jot* War) condemned as Prize out of Great Britain fliattpay the Duty on their first Arrival, St c.

Prize Goods may be exported on P«jr-ment of the Duties, and entering into Security for Exportation. [See cuite §6.J

Good* taken out for Home Co»-fumption shall pay all Duties,

Act

Vessels cofiimff-isbned by Letters cf Maique, &c. having on board beyond a certain Quantity of foreign Spirits or Te; », or any fcizable Goods, shall be forfeit-

io8.8 C. 134, 135. 43° GEORGII IIIv A.D. 1803.

ed, and the Gim million shall bevtrtd.

<*. 39 of

thn Sjjiott as to Ulutnu on Americans.]

Seventh Article of Treaty with the United States, dated November 19, 1794, recited.

'Convention dated Jan. 8*1803.

>«*-

) "5 < "5>

ij.

Alignment* of Interests made by Claimants, pursuant to Award of the Commissioners under the f. id Article i.nd fc-, C flqy tuition,

# shall be valid, <md such Interests shall vest in the Treasury, - f -v the Benefit of

Ijis Maji fly.

Forfeiture by any Act of Parliament upon being imported into Great Britain, then not only all such Goods, hut also the Ship or Vessel on board which they shall be found as aforesaid, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited and lost, and the same shall be carried and delivered to the Care and Custody of the Collector and Comptroller of his Majesty 9s Customs at any Port in Great Britain, and the same shall be seized, prosecuted, recovered* and disposed of* by such Ways and Rules, and in such Manner and Form, as such Vessels and Goods would be liable to be seized, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, by any Law in Force, if the same had been found within the Limits of any Port of Great Britain; and the Letters of Marque or General Reprisals, or any other Commissions for such Ship or Vessel, shall be null and void; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

" Duties and Drawbacks shall be levied and paid as under former Acts, §13. Continuance of Act, during " Hostilities. — May be altered this Session, $'14."

CAP. CXXXV.

An Act for the removing of Doubts respecting the Validity of Alignments made or to be made pursuant to the Awards of the Commissioners acting under the seventh Article of the Treaty with the United States of America , and for the better enabling of his Majesty to recover the Interests so assigned..[1 ith Attgu/l 1803.]

WHEREAS by the seventh Article of the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded

\\ between his Majesty and the United States of America, and signed at London, on the nineteenth Day of November One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, after reciting that Complaints had been made by divers Merchants and other Citizens of the United States, that during the Course of the War in which his Majesty was engaged, they had fullained considerable Lodes and Damages by reason of irregular or illegal

Captures or Condemnations of their Vessels and other Property, under Colour of Authority or Commissions from his Majesty; and that from various Circumstances belonging to the said Cases, adequate Compensation for the Loffcsaiid Damage so sustained could not then be actually obtained, had, and received, by the ordinary 1 Course of judicial Proceedings, .it was agreed that in all such Cases, where adequate Compensation could not for whatever Reason be then aftuatly obtained, had, and received by the said Merchants and others in the ordinary Course of Justice, full and complete Compensation for the same should be made by the Britiji Government; and for the Purposes of ascertaining any such Losses or Damage, five Commissioners should be appointed, and authorized to act in London in Manner therein mentioned, the Award of the said Commissioners, of any such three of them as therein described, in all Cases to be final and conclusive, both as to the Justice of the Claim, and the Amount of the Sum to be paid to the Claimant; and his Majesty undertook to cause the same to be paid to stich Claimant in Specie without any Deduction, in such Place or Places, and % at such Time or Times as should be awarded by the same Commissioners, and on Condition of such Releases

and Alignments, to be given by the Claimants as by the said Commissioners might be directed: And whereas

by a Convention, signed at London the eighth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, be-4- tween his Majesty and the United States of America, it was agreed, that instead of the Sums awarded by the said Commissioners being made payable at the Time or Times by them appointed, all Sums of Money by them

awarded to be paid to American or British Claimants, according to the Provision of the said seventh Article,

should be made payable in three equal Instalments, the first whereof to be paid at the Expiration of every

Y^ar, the fecona at the Expiration of two Years, and the third and last at the Expiration of three Years, next after the Exchange of the Ratifications of such Convention: And whereas the Commissioners appointed pursuant to the said Article and Convention, or the major Part of them, upon hearing several Claims made before theny have adjudged and awarded certain Sums of Money to be paid to or for the Benefit of several Persons upon such Claims; and the said Commissioners in and by their said Award have, in pursuance of the Powers

given them by the said Treaty and Convention, directed, and may hereafter direct certain Alignments of all the Interests, in rtfyeft of which such Sums of Money have been or may be awarded, to be made to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, by the Persons receiving such Sums of

Money, or the first Instalment thereof: And whereas Doubts may arise respecting the Valiaity of such Assignments, and how far Proceedings rfiay be legally carried on for the Purpose of recovering the Interest so

assigned; be it therefore crafted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cases where any Assignment shall have been or shall be executed pursuant to such Award or Awards, all such Alignments shall be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all and every the Right, 'JTitle, and Interest, together with all Right of Suit or Action conveyed, or exprefitd to be conveyed, in inch Assignment or Alignments, shall be, and the same are hereby legally and absolutely hefted in the said Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, for the Use of his Majesty, feis Heirs and Socctflbrs; and it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Hefrs and Successors, and fie and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered in his or their own Name or Names, or in the Name of the Complainant or Complainants, Claimant or Claimants, or other Persons whose Interest have been or shall; be so assigned, to prosecute and carry on all such Claims, Suits, and Actiors, and all other Proceedings as are depending at the passing of this Act, or as might now or hereafter be legally commenced, prosecuted, or carried on by or on Behalf <if the Person or Persons whose Interest or Interests have been pr shall be so assigned in rc^pest of such Interests, in any Court or Courts, Or in aoy Form of legal Proceedings whatever.

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 136 — 138

1089

CAP. CXXXVI.

An Act to suspend, until the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four, Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture* and also under an Act of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the same relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture. [11th August 1803'.]

u Recital of certain Statutes, viz. 13 R. 2.Jl. 1. c. 11, 5 6 Ed. 6. c. 6. 2 & 3 P. & M. c. 11. c. 12.

" 4 5 P. & M. c. 5. 43 EL c. 10. 4 Jac. 1. c. 2. 21 Jac. 1. c. 18. 10 An. c. 16. I G. I. c. 15.

u 13 G. 1. c. 23. prescribing Regulations for the Manufacturing, Sale, and Exportation of Woollen Cloths, the Use of Gigg Mills, and the Number of Looms; and of Jl. 5 El. c. 4. $31. as to Apprentices. —

" Defendants in Actions or Prosecutions for Penalties under any of the recited Acts, may apply to the Court,

Judge, or Justice, to {lay Proceedings, which shall be flayed accordingly till July 1, 1804, §1. Act shall not extend to any Trade but the Woolleu Manufacture, nor to Gigg Mills set up after passing the Act, §2."

CAP. CXXXVII.

An Act to enable the Court of Directors of the East India Company to make reasonable Allowance! to the Owners of certain Ships, in the Service of the said Company, on account of the extraordinary Expence attending the Outfit of the said Ships between certain Periods. [11th August 1803/j

" Recital of 39 G. 3. c. 89. — On account of the extraordinary Expence from special Circumstances, the Court il of Directors may pay, over and above the Peace Freight and Demurrage, for Ships which failed on or were " equipped for any Voyage between 3.7th March 1802 and 8th March 1803, such Allowances in respect of (S additional Charges to Owners as might be allowed in case of actual Preparations for War, §1.99

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed hereafter to recognize or ThisAAihall admit any Claim in the Owners of any Ship contrafted for under the Provisions of the said recited Act, for not admit future |my Allowance in Addition to the fixed Rate of Peace Freight, as settled in their respective Contrafts, on^Cases of War account of any Variation which may from Time to Time prevail in the Price of Storei, or on any other

Grounds whatsoever, save and except those prescribed by the said Act, namely, in the Case of actual War or Preparations for War.

CAP. CXXXVIII.

An Act for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts of Justice in the Provinces of Lower and [.5*14(7.$, Upper Canada, to the Trial and Punishment of Persons guilty of Crimes and Offences within c-certain Parts of North America adjoining to the said Provinces. [l ith Augijl 1803.] 31 G'3* C#3I, J

WHEREAS Crimes and Offences have been committed in the Indian Territories, and other Parts of

America, not within the Limits of the Provinces of Lower or Upper Canada, or either of them, or of the Jurisdiction of any of the Courts established in those Provinces, or within the Limits of any Civil Govern*

meat of the United States of America, and are therefore not cognizable by any Jurisdiction whatever, and by ' reason thereof great Crimes and Offences have gone and may hereafter go unpunished, and greatly increase: '

For Remedy whereof may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, Offences rom-in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of mitted within this Act, all Offences committed within any of the Indian Territories, or Parts of Atnerica not within the any Indian Ter* Limits of either of the said Provinces of lajwer or Upper Canada, or of any Civil Government of the United if1"

States of America, shall be and be deemed to be Offences of the same Nature, and shall be tried in the same commuted 'in Manner and subject to the same Punishment, as if the lame had been committed within the Provinces of Lower Lower or Uppjv or Upper Canada. Canada.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor or Lieutenant-Governor, or Person the Govemoro^ administering the Government for the Time being of the Province of Lower Canada, by Commission under his Lower Canada Hand and Seal, to authorize and empower any Person or Persons, wheresoever resident or being at the Time, n,y empower to act as Civil Magistrates and justices of the Peace for any of the Indian Territories or Parts of America not

within the Limits of either of the said Provinces, or of any Civil Government of the United States of Amtrica % Terri-

as wclbas within the Limits of either of the said Provinces, either upon Informations taken or given within iciies, &c. lor

the said Provinces of Lower or Upper Canada, or out of the said Provinces in any Part of the Indian Terri- committing

tones or Parts of America aforesaid, for the Purpose only of hearing Crimes and Offences, and committing any Offender* till

Person or Persons guilty of any Crime or Offence to safe Custody, in order to his or their being conveyed to

the said Province ot Lower Canada, to be dealt with according to Law; and it shall be lawful for any Personp*iaj ^c.

or Persons whatever to apprehend and take before any Persons so commissioned as aforesaid, or to apprehend

and convey, or cause to be lafely conveyed with all convenient Speed, to the Province of Lower Canada, any Person or Perfoiu guilty of any Crime or Offence, there to be delivered into iafe Custody for the Purpose of

being dealt with according to Law.

III. And be it further enacted, That every such Offender may and shall be prosecuted and tried in the Offender* may Courts of the Province of l.ower Canada (or if the Governor or Lieutenant-Governor, or Person administer- be u*1 in ing the Government for the Time being, shall, from any of the Circumstances of the Crime or Offence, or the Gout ts of local Situation of any of the Witnesses for the Prosecution or Defence, think that Justice may more conveniently

be administered in relation to such Crime or Offence in the Province of Upper Canada, and shall by any Inflru- punUhedac-43 Geo. III. 6 Z ment coi<Un*ijr.

e

1090

'Offenders not

being British Subjects, shall be acquitted, if Offenc e is committed within European Territories.

But Subjects Hull be tried.

Persons forging, &q. foreign Bills of E&change, &tc. or uttering the fame, guilty of Felony, punished by 14 Years Transportation.

N6 Persons shall engrave Plates

for foreign 'Bills of Exchange, &c. nor print iliehrt, &c. without

C. 138, 139. 43° GEORGII III# A.D. 1803

ment under the Great Seal of the Province of Lower Canada, declare the fame, then that every such Offender may and shall be prosecuted and tried in the Court of the Province of Upper Canada), in which Crimes or Offences of the like Nature are usually tried, and where the same would have been tried if such Crime or Offence had been committed within the Limits of the Province where the same shall be tried under this Act; and every Offender tried and convicted under this Act shall be liable and subject to such Punishment as may by any Law in Force in the Province where he or she shall be tried be inflicted for such Crime or Offence; and such Crime or Offence may and shall be laid and charged to have been committed within the Jurisdiction of such Court, and such Court may and shall proceed therein to Trial, Judgement, and Execution, or other Punishment for such Crime or Offence in the same Manner in every Respect as if such Crime or Offence had been teally committed within the Jurisdiction of such Com!; and it shall also be lawful for the Judges and other Officers of the said Courts to issue Subpoenas and other Processes for enforcing the Attendance of Witnesses on any such Trial; and such Subpcanas and other Processes shall be as valid and effectual, and be in full Force and put in Execution in any Parts of the Indian Territories, or other Parts of America out of and not within the Limits of the Civil Government of the United States of America, as well as within the Limits of either of the said Provinces of Lower or Upper Canada, in relation to the Trial of any Crimes or Offences by this Act made cognizable in such Court, or to the more speedily and effectually bringing any Offender or Offenders to Justice under this Act, as fully and amply as any Subpoenas or other Processes are, within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Court, from which any such Subpoenas or Processes shall issue as aforesaid; any Act or Acts, Law or Laws, Custom, Usage, Matter, or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Crime or Offence charged and prosecuted under this Act shall be proved to have been committed, by any Person or Persons not being a Subject or Subjects of his Majesty, and also within the Limits of any Colony, Settlement, or Territory belonging to any European State, the Court before which such Prosecution shall be had shall forthwith acquit such Person or Persons not being such Subject or Subjects as aforesaid of such Charge.

V. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful for such Court to proceed in the Trial of any other Person, being a Subject or Subjects of his Majesty, who shall be charged with the same or any other Offence* notwithstanding such Offence shall appear to have been committed within the Limits of any Colony, Settlement* or Territory belonging to any European State as aforesaid#

CAP. CXXXIX#

An Act for preventing the forging and counterfeiting of foreign Bills of Exchange, and of foreign.Promissory Notes and Orders for the Payment of Money j and for preventing the counterfeiting of foreign Copper Money. [11th August 1803.]

WHEREAS the Practice of forging and counterfeiting foreign Bills of Exchange, foreign Promissory Notes, and foreign Orders for Payment of Money, hath of late greatly increased, and Plates of such Bills, Notes, and Orders, have been in some Instances engraven within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ whereby such Forgeries have been more eaiily committed; and it is expedient that effectual Provision should be made for the preventing of the same May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person from and after the passing of this Act shall, within any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland> falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or knowingly aid or assist in the false making, forging, or counterfeiting, any Bill of Exchange, or any Promissory Note, Undertaking, or Order for the Payment of Money, purporting to be the Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, Undertaking, or Order for the Payment of Money, of any foreign Prince, State, or Country whatsoever, or of any Minister or Officer entrusted by or employed in the Service of any foreign Prince, State, or Country, or of any Person, or Company <5f Persons resident in any foreign State or Country, or of any Body Corporate and Politick, and Body in the Nature of a Body Corporate and Politick, created or constituted by any foreign Prince or State, with Intent to deceive or defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or any such foreign Prince, State, or Country, or with Intent to deceive or defraud any Person or Company of Persons whomsoever, or any Body Corporate and Politick, or Body in the Nature of a Body Corporate and Politick whatsoever, whether the same be respectively resident, carrying on Business, constituted or being in any Part of the United Kingdom, or in any foreign State or Country; and whether such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or Order be in the Eng/ish Language, or in any foreign Language or Languages, or partly in one and partly in the other; or if any Person from and after the passing of this Act shall, within any Part of the said United Kingdom, tender in Payment or in Exchange, or otherwise utter or publifti as true, any such false, forged, or counterfeited Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, Undertaking, or Order, knowing the same to be false, forged, or counterfeited, with Intent to deceive or xlefraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or any foreign Prince, State, or Country, or any Person or Company of Persons, or any Body Corporate and Politick, or Body in the Nature of a Body Politick and Corporate as aforesaid, then every Person so offending shall be decerned and taken to be guilty of Felony, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be transported for any Term of Years not exceeding fourteen Years.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person, from and after the passing of this Act, shall, within any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, engrave, cut, etch, ferape, or by any other Means or Devise, make or knowingly aid or assist in the engraving, cutting, etching, feraping, or by any other Means or Devise, making in or upoa any Plate whatsoever, any Bill of Exchange, or any Promissory Note or Under-

2 taking*

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 139.

taking, or Order for the Payment of Money, purporting to be the Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, Undertaking, or Order of any foreign Prince, State, or Country, or of any Minister or Officer entrusted by or employed in the Service of any foreign Prince, State, or Country, or of any Person, or Company of Person?, resident or being in any foreign State or Country, or of any Body Corporate and Politick, or Body in the Nature of a Body Corporate and Politick, or constituted by any foreign Prince or State, or any Part of any such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, Undertaking, or Order, without an Authority in Writing for that Purpose from such foreign Prince, State, or Country, Minister or Officer, Person, Company of Persons, or Body Corporate and Politick, or Body in the Nature of a Body Corporate and Politick, or from some Person duly authorized to give such Authority; or shall within any Part of the said United Kingdom, without such Authority as aforesaid, by Mean3 of any such Plate, or by any other Device or Means make or print any such foreign Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, Undertaking, or Order for the Payment of Money, or any Part thereof; or knowingly, wilfully, and without lawful Excuse, (the Proof whereof shall lie upon the Party accused, ) have in his or her Custody, any such Plate or Device, or any Imprdfion taken from the same; and if any Person shall offend in any of the Cases aforesaid, he shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdeameanour and Breach of the Peace, and being thereof convicted according to Law, shall be liable for the first Offence to be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding six Months, or to be fined or to be publickly or privately whipped, or to suffer one or more of the said runishments, and for the second Offence to be transported to any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations for the Term of fourteen Years: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend in any Manner whatsoever to repeal or alter any Law or Statute now in Force for the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Forger)" in any Respect whatsoever within any Part of the said United Kingdom.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person from and after the passing of this Act shall within any Part of the said United Kingdom make, coin, or counterfeit any Kind of Coin not the proper Coin of this Realm, nor ordered by the Royal Proclamation of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to be deemed and taken as current Money of this Realm, or any Part thereof, but resembling, or made with Intent to resemble any Copper Coin, or any other Coin made of any Metal or mixed Metals of less Value than the Silver Coin of such foreign Prince, State, or Country respectively, or to pass as such foreign Coin, then every Person so offending shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor and Breach of the Peace, and bein£ thereof convicted according to Law, shall for the tirft Offence be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding one Year, and for the second Offence be transported to any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations for the Term of seven Years.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person against whom any Bill of Indictment shall be found at any Affixes or Sessions of the Peace for any Offence against this Act shall be entitled to traverse the same to any subsequent Assizes or Sessions, but the Court at which such Bill of Indictment shall be found shall forthwith proceed to try the Person or Persons against whom the same shall be found, unless he or they shall shew good Cause, to be allowed by the Court, w by his, her, or their Trial should be postponed.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, and shall afterwards be guilty of the like Offence in any other County, City, Town, or Place, the Clerk of the Assize, Clerk of the Peace, or Town Clerk, for the County* City, Town, or Place where such former Conviction shall have been had, shall, at the Request of the Prosecutor, or any other on his Majesty's Behalf, certify the same by a Transcript in few Words, containing the Effect and Tenor of such Conviction, for which Certificate two Shillings and Sixpence and no more shall be paid; and such Certificate being produced in Court, and the Hand Writing of such Clerk of Assize, Clerk of the Peace, or Town Clerk thereto being proved shall be sufficient Evidence of such former Conviction.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall have in his, her, or their Custody, without lawful Excuse, any greater Number of Pieces than five Pieces of false or counterfeit Coin of any Kind or Kinds resembling or made with Intent to resemble any such Copper or other Coin as aforesaid, ever)" such Person, being thereof convicted upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses before one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, shall forfeit and lose all such false and counterfeit Coin, which shall be cut ih Pieces and destroyed by Order of such Justice, and shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding forty Shillings nor less than ten Shillings for every such Piece of false or counterfeit Coin which shall be found in the Custody of such Person; one Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed; and in case any such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any such Justice to commit the Person who shall have been adjudged to pay the same to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of three Calendar Months, or until such Penalty shall be paid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful to and for any one Justice of the Peace, on Complaint made before him upon the Oath of one credible Person, that there is just Cause to suspect that any one or mere Person or Persons is or are, or hath or have been concerned in making or counterfeiting any such false or counterfeited foreign Coin as aforesaid, by Warrant under the Hand of such Justice, to cause the Dwelling House, Room, Workshop, Outhouse, or other Building, Yard, Garden, or other Place belonging to such suspected Person or Persons, or where any such Person or Persons shall be suspected to carry on any such making or counterfeiting, to be searched for any such false or counterfeit Coin, or for Tools or Implements for coining such false or counterfeit Coins, or for Materials for making or coining the fame; and if any such false or counterfeit Coin, or any such Tools or Implements, or any such Materials for making any such false or counterfeit Coin, shall be found in any Place so searched, or if any such Tools, Implements, or Materials, shall be found in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons whomsoever, not having the same by some lawful Authority, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Perfoiw whatsoever discovering the same to seize

6 Z 2 and

IO9I

written Authority — Penalty Misdemeanor, punishable by Imprisonment, Fine, tec. and for the facond Offence by 14 Years* Transportation*

Act shall not alter Laws in Force against Forgery.

Penalty on counterfeiting foreign Copper Coin, Jcc. Misdemeanor, punishable by Imprisonment, and for second Offence by 7 Years* Transportation.

Persons indicted shall not be allowed to traverse to a subsequent Assizes, &c.

Certificates of former Convictions shall be Evidence on Trial for freoud Offences.

Penalty on Pci suns having more than five Pieces of such counterfeit foreign Coin in their Possession, 40s. to 1 os. per Piece, or 5 Month* Imprisonmem.

House of fuf-pe<sted Pet fens maybe leaiched, and counterfeit Coin feired,

Proceedings shall not be quashed for vant of Form,c.

Any Judge of the Courts at Westminster may award a W rit of Habeas Corpus for bringing up Prt-foners lor Trial or Examination before Courts Martial, G)m-rtiiflioners of Bankrupt, &c.

t

In AAloiw agarntl Justices for any Conviction, &c. the Plaintiff (besides any Penalty levied) shall recover only 2d. Damages, unless Malice and want of probable Cajjfe be expressly alleged.

>Jor shall the Penalty, &c. be recovered if Plaintiff be proved guilty of the Offenoe, See,

C. 139 — 14I« 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

and he and they are hereby authorized and required to seize such false or counterfeit Coin, Tools, Implements, and Materials, and to carry the same forthwith to a Justice of the Peace of the County, City, Town, or Place where the same shall be seized, who shall cause the same to be secured, and produced in Evidence against: any Person or Persons who shall or may be prosecuted for any of the Offences aforesaid, in some Court of Justice proper for the Determination thereof; and after such Time as any such false or counterfeit Coin, or any such Tools, Implements, or Materials shall have been produced in Evidence as aforesaid, as well so much and such Parts thereof as shall have been so produced, as every other Part thereof so seized and not made Use of in Evidence, shall forthwith by Order of the Court where such Offender or Offenders shall be tried, or by Order of some Justice of the Peace in case there shall be no such Trial, be defaced or destroyed, or otherwise disposed of as such Court or such Justice shall direct.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender against this Act before any Justice of the Peace" shall be quashed for Want of Form, or be removed by Writ of Cer iiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin,

" Limitation of Actions for Matters done under this Act, three Months. — Venue, where Cause of Action arises.

" — General Issue. — Treble Costs, §9."

CAP. CXL.

An Act to enable the Judges of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster to award Writs of Habeas Corpus for bringing Persons detained in Gaol before Courts Martial, and the several Commissioners therein mentioned. [11th August 1803.]

WHEREAS Writs of Habeas Corpus have been frequently awarded by the Judges of his Majesty's \\ Courts of Record at Westminster, for bringing Persons detained in Custody under civil or criminal Pro-

cess before Magistrates or Courts of Record, as well for Trial.as for Examination touching Matters depending before such Magistrate or Courts respectively; but Doubts have arisen whether such Jjudges have Power

to award Writs of Habeas Corpus for bringing Persons detained as aforesaid before Courts Martial, Commissioners of Bankrupt, Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, or other Commissioners acting under

Commission or Warrant from his Majesty: And whereas it is expedient to make Provision for bringing Pri-

foners before such Courts Martial or Commissioners for the Purposes herein-before mentioned be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Judge of his Majesty's Courts of King's Bench or Common Pleas respectively, or for any Baron of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif, at his Discretiop, to award a Writ or Writs of Habeas Corpus for bringing any Prisoner or Prisoners detained in any Gaol or Prison in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, before any Court Martial, or before any Commissioners of Bankrupt, Commissioners for auditing the Publick Aecount9, or other Commissioners acting by virtue or under the Authority of any Commission or Warrant from his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for Trial, or to be examined touching any Matter depending before such Courts Martial or Commissioners respectively; and the like Proceedings shall be had upon such Writ or Writs of Habeas Corpus so to be awarded as aforesaid, as by Law may now be had upon Writs of Habeas Corpus for bringing Persons detained in Gaol before Magistrates or Courts of Record for such Purposes as aforesaid j any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. CXLI.

An Act to render Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Duty.

[1 ith August 1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Justices of the Peace in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, who

by virtue of divers Acts of Parliament in Force in the United Kingdom, arc authorized and required to convict Persons of sundry Offences in a summary Way, should be rendered more safe in the Execution 0: 4 such their Duty be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Actions whatsoever which shall, at any Time after the passing of this Act, be brought against any Justice or Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for or on account of any Conviction by him or them had or made, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force in the said United Kingdom, or for or by reason of any Act, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, done or commanded to be done by such Justice or Justices, for the levying of any Penalty, apprehending any Party, or for or about the carrying of any such Conviction into Effect, in case such Conviction shall have been quashed, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, besides the Value and Amount of the Penalty or Penalties which may have been levied upon the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in case any Levy thereof shall have been made, shall not be entitled to recover any more or greater Damages than the Sum of Two-pence, i\or any Costs of Suit whatsoever, unless it shall be expressly alleged in the Declaration in the Action wherein the Recovery shall be had, and which shall be in an Action upon the Case only, that such Acts were done maliciously and without any reasonable and probable Cause.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Plaintiff shall not be entitled to recover against such Justice any Penalty which shall have been levied, nor any Damages or Costs whatsoever, in case such Justice fhril prove at the Trial that such Plaintiff was guilty of the Offence whereof he had been convicted, or on account of which he had been apprehended, or had otherwise suffered, and that he had undergone no greater Punishment than was assigned by Law to such Offence.

C. 14.2

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III.

1093

CAP. CXLII.

An Act to make Provision, in certain Cases, for the Wives and Families of ballotted Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, serving in the Militia of Ireland. [11th August 1803.]

WHEREAS a Provision for the Families of Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, and Privates, serving in the Militia of Ireland, when }t is called out into actual Service, is highly just and reasonable, and the Law at present in Force is insufficient for the Purpose be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act, made in the Parliament of Ire- Trish Acts nr* land in the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Support of , alinS Militia the Families of Militia Men; and also an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-ninth Year of his s present Majesty's Reign, to amend the said recited Act of the thirty-fifth Year; and so much of an Act, made 3^0. 3. ^49.* in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act 37 G. 3. c. 19*. to explain and amend the Laws now in Force relating to the Militia of this Kingdom, as relates to the providing (§3 7* 3*» 39-) Relief for the Families of Militia Men, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be and the same are repea, ed* hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Militia of any County, Town, City, or Place in Ireland\ Families of shall be embodied and called out into actual Service, and any Man serving or enrolled therein as a Serjeant, n^rche^outxjf Corporal, or Drummer, or as a ballotted Man or Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer respectively, shall have "heir County, left a Family less aWe in consequence of his Absence to support themselves, and the Colonel, or Lieutenant Sec entitled to Colonel Commandant, or other Commanding Officer, shall certify in Writing in Manner and Form following, certain All^w-the Day when such Militia Man marched out of the County or Place for which he serves, and that the said, 1CCS> °" Certi-Militia Man hath declared to such Commanding Officer the Names and Number of his Family, and the Place mandin° Officer, where they reside, then and in such Case every such Militia Man's Family shall be entitled to and ftvall receive dn 1 g during his Absence on actual Service, the weekly Allowance following 5 that is to say, after the Rate of one

Shilling for every Child born in Wedlock, and under the Age of ten Years, not exceeding the Number herein after mentioned, and of one Shilling for the Wife of such Man, whether he shall or shall not have any Child^or Children, provided she does not follow the Regiment; and the Form of the aforesaid Certificate shall be as follows:

J Colonel [or, Lieutenant-Colonel Commandant, or, Commanding Officer, as the Case may Form of CertifU

of the Militia, do hereby certify, That A.B. in the said Militia was called out into cate«

actual Service, and did, on the Day of march from, and is now absent on Service from the said County [Town, City, or Place, as the Case may le], and that he hath declared to me that his Family«reside8 at and consists of and that by his Absence they are

rendered less able to support themselves; and I do certify, that the said A.B. never deserted from the said

Militia.'

III. And be it further enacted, That a Register of all such Certificates from Time to Time to be granted Certificates shall

shall be kept by the Adjutant of every Regiment or Battalion of Militia in Ireland\ bc re8'dered-

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace acting in Two Justices, and for the Barony, or Half Barony, Town, City, or Place in which the said Family shall reside, on the Pro- on P: odu<ftion of dudlion of such Certificate, to inquire into the Circumstances of the said Family, and whether they reside in Certificate, may the Parish or Place mentioned in the Declaration of such Militia Man; and if on such Inquiry they shall find

that such Family do so reside, and shall be of Opinion that such Family is less able to support itself in confe- the Coiie&or of quence of the Absence of such Militia Man, they shall then indorse such their Opinion in Writing, under the Ccfs, &c, their Hands, on the Back of the said Certificate, and shall subjoin thereto an Order requiring the Collector of the publick Cefs in such Barony or Half Barony, or the Treasurer of such Town or City, to pay the several Allowances herein-before mentioned, after the Rate aforesaid, to such Family, specifying in such Order the Names and Ages of each Person of the said Family entitled to receive the same; which Order the said Collector or Treasurer respectively are hereby required to obey; and such Certificates, with the Opinions and Orders of such Justices, shall be forthwith deposited with the said Collector or Treasurer, by the Person or Persons applying to such Collector or Treasurer for Relief under this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Wife of any Man so in actual Service, or any other Per- Allowance for (on, shall not be entitled to the aforesaid weekly Allowance of one Shilling for each Child for more than three C!>i dien Children of any ballotted Man, nor for more than one Child of any Militia Man not being a ballotted Man. limited.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Allowance shall be ordered or paid under this Act Allowance shall to the Wife or Family of any Person serving in the Militia, for any.longer Period than such Person shall con- he given only tinue to serve and remain embodied in actual Service, nor in any Case in which the Wife in respect of or by

whom any such Relief is demanded shall follow the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps in which her Husband t^W^fivwhu*0 shall serve. follows the Regi-

t Families of Snhstitutes, £sV. marrying after embodied, unless with Consent of Commanding Officers, not enti-4t tied to Relief, §7." [As fj-of 43 G. 3. c. 47.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if such Collector or Treasurer respectively shall have Cjl'etor, &c. Reason to believe that by the Death of any of the Family of any Militia Man, or by any other Circumstance, n, ay ffiP Allow-the Allowance ought to be flopped or lessened in Amount, it shall be lawful for him to stop or leften such

Allowance accordingly, until two Justices of the Peace shall diredi him otherwise by Writing under their Hands and Seals.

Adjut.inf shall rrinke Returns monthly to the Colit Aor, kc. of Promotions, Vacancies, kc.

Abstract of Orders shall I e transmitted by Collector to Oerk of the Peace.

Allowances shall be repaid quarterly by Collector of Excise.

If Colleger, kc. has not Money in Hand, he shall transmit Cenifi-cates, kc. to Collector of Excise, who shall remit him a sufficient Summonthly.

Grand Juries may present any Sum they think reasonable for Collectors, kc. for their Trouble.

Penalty on Officers for I^lect, 50L

Penalty on Col-k-dtor, kc. not paying Money in pursuante of Grdeis, 5l.

Allowances shall be claimed Weekly, &c.

JX. And be it further enacted, That the Adjutant of every Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of the Caid Militia shall, within seven Days after the twenty-fourth Day of every' Month, during the Time the Militia to which he shall belong shall remain embodied or in acltial Service, return to the respective Collegers and Trea* fnrers of the Barony, Half Barony, Town, City, or Place respectively, a particular Lift of all Promotions and Vacancies, and all Deaths, Desertions, and other Casualties, that may have occurred among such of the Militia Men of the said Regiment as shall have their Families resident in any such Barony, Half Barony, City, Town, or Place respectively, and who shall have severally declared the same to the Colonel, Lieutenant-Colonel, Commandant, or other Commanding Officer of the Regiment, in Manner herein-before mentioned, and shall have received the Certificate of such Commanding Officer for the Purpose of obtaining the Relief given by this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That every such Collector shall transmit to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Town, or City within which the Barony or Half Barony for which he is Collector shall be situate, and the Treasurer of any Town or City shall transmit to the Clerk of the Peace there, previous to each Quarter Sessions, an Abilradl of all Orders which he shall have received as aforesaid, to be by the said Cltrk 01 the Peace laid before the Juilicts at such Sessions; and it shall be lawful for the Justices there to set aside or alter any Order of any Justices, which, upon due Inquiry in open Court, upon Oath, shall appear to have been fraudulently obtained, or not to be warranted by this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every such weekly Allowance to be paid under this Act by the Collector of the Baronial Cess, or Treasurer of the Town or City respectively, in Manner aforesaid, to the Family of any Man, shall be repaid quarterly to the Collector and Treasurer respectively by the Collector of his Majesty's Excise for the District in which such Barony, Town, or City shall be situate, out of any publick Money in his Hands; and the Sums so paid by such Collector of Excise shall be allowed to him in his Accounts, on such Collector of Excise producing the Receipts of the Collector of the Baronial Cess, or Treasurer of the Town or City for the fame, as the Case may be.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Collector of a Baronial Cess or Treasurer of any Town or City shall notrat the Time when any Application shall be made to him to pay any Allowances under this Act, have in his Hands sufficient Money for Payment of the same, such Collector or Treasurer shall and may, and he is hereby required from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to transmit all such Certificates and Opinions, and Orders of the Justices indorsed thereon or subjoined thereto, as shall be in his Hands, or an Abstract of the same, to the Collector of the Excise for the Diilridl, and it shall thereupon be lawful for the said Collector of the Excise, and he is hereby authorized and required to remit or pay out of such publick Monies as may be in his Hands to the said Collector of the Baronial Cess or Treasurer respectively, at leaflonce in every Month, a Sum sufficient to satisfy and pay the Amount of such Orders for Relief so transmitted to him under and by virtue of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, in order to recompence the said Collectors of the Baronial Cess, Treasurers of Counties or Cities, and Collectors of the Excise, for the Trouble and Expence which they may severally incur by virtue of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of each County, Town, or City, at each Assizes, and for the Grand Juries of the County of Dublin, and County of the City of Dublin, at each presenting Term, to present any Sums they shall think reasonable to be raised off the County at large, to be applied and paid as such Grand Juries shall direct to the said respective Collectors and Treasurers, over and above all Sums or Allowances to which they or any of them are or may be entitled by virtue of any Law or Law's in Force, as a Reward for their Trouble and Expence in advancing, paying, receiving, and accounting for any Money by them advanced or paid in pursuance of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That' if any Collector of a Baronial Cess, Treasurer, Clerk of the Peace, Officer of the Peace, or Collector of Excise, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to carry the Provisions of this Act into Execution, and shall be thereof convicted by Presentment or Indictment at the Assizes, or, if in the County or City of Dublin, in the Court of King's Bench, he shall be fined at the Discretion of the Court, any Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector of the Baronial Cess or Treasurer of a County or City shall, on Demand made in pursuance of any Order or Certificate of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Payment of any Sum of Money by virtue of this Act, and Production of such Order or Certificate to him, refuse or neglect to pay and satisfy the Sum or Sums of Money directed to he paid in or by such Order or Certificate, every such Collector or Treasurer so refuting or neglecting to make such Payment shall for every such Neglect forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Confession of the Party accused before the Justice making such Order, gr any other Justice of the Peace of the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall be committed; which said Justice is hereby authorized and required, upon Information exhibited or Complaint made by the Party aggrieved in that Behalf, to summon the Party accused, and to examine into the Matter of Fadl, and upon due Proof thereof as aforesaid, to give Judgement for such Penalty, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, in case the same shall not be forthwith paid, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, causing the Overplus (if any), after deducing the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to be rendered to the Party, and the Penalty so adjudged shall be paid to the Use of the Party so aggrieved as aforesaid; Provided always, that the Allowances under and by virtue of this Act shall be claimed and paid weekly, and that no Wife of any such Militia Man, nor any other Person on Behalf of such Wife, or of the Family of any such Militia Man, shall be entitled to receive at any one Time more than two Weeks' Arrears of any Allowance to such Wife and Family under or by virtue of this Act.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §16."

A.D. 1803.

1095

43° GEORGII III. C. 143, 144.

CAP. CXLIII.

An Act for the rendering* Justices of the Peace, and Governors and Deputy Governors of Counties and Places in Ireland, more safe in the Execution of their Office, and for indemnifying Constables and others acting in Obedience to the Warrants of such Justices of the Peace, Governors, and Deputy Governors respectively.

[1 ith August 1803.]

WHEREAS Justices of the Peace and other Magistrates and Persons in Ireland are discouraged in the Execution of their Office by vexatious Actions brought against them, or by reason of small and involuntary Errors in their Proceedings: And whereas it is necessary that they should be (as far as is consistent with Justice and the Safety and Liberty of the Subjetfts over whom their Authority extends) rendered safe in the Execution of their several Offices and Trusts: And whereas it is also necessary that the Subjects should be protected from all wilful and oppressive Abuse of the several Laws and Statutes committed to the Care and Execution of the said Justices of the Peace and other Magistrates and Persons be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and three, no Writ shall be sued out against nor any Copy of any Process at the Suit of a Subject shall be served on any Justice of the Peace or Governor or Deputy Governor of any County or Place in Ireland, for any Thing by him done in the Execution of his Office, until Notice in Writing of such intended Writ or Process shall h ive been delivered to him, or left at the usual Place of his Abode, by the Attorney or Agent for the Party who intends to sue out or serve or cause the same to be sued out or served, at least one Calendar Month before suing out or serving the fame; in which Notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the Cause of Action which such Party hath or claimeth to have against such Justice of the Peace or Governor or Deputy Governor respectively; on the Back of which Notice shall be in-dorsed the Name of such Attorney or Agent, together with the Place of his Abode, who shall be entitled to have the Fee of twenty Shillings for the preparing and serving such Notice and no more.

Amends may be tendered to the Party complaining, and pleaded in Bar, §2. No Plaintiff shall recover unless Proof is made that Notice was given, $3. Amends may be paid into Court before Issue joined, §4. No 44 Evidence shall be given of any Cause of Action except what is contained in Notice, £5. No Action shall be brought against Constables, acting in Obedience to Warrant of a Justice, till Demand made of the Copy of the Warrant and Refusal thereof for six Days, &c. — Such Constables being Defendants shall have a* 44 Verdict notwithstanding any Defe&of Jurisdiction. — Where Judge shall certify the Act to be malicious, the Plaintiff shall on Verdict have double Colls, §6. Limitation of Actions against Justices, iffc. and Confta- bles, &c. six Months, §7. [See British Ad 24 G. 3. c. 44. to which this Act is precisely similar \ inutatia mutandis according to the Title and Preamble.']"

CAP. CXLIV.

An Act for procuring Returns relative to the Expence and Maintenance of the Poor in England.

[1 ith August 1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Information should be obtained respecting the State of the Poor, and of the Expences attending their Maintenance and Employment, within that Part of Great Britain called England May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Justices of the Peace, within their respective Divisions and Jurisdictions in England and Wales> shall and they are hereby ?c-quired to appoint a Time and Place or Times and Places, which Time or Times shall be on or before the twentieth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and three, or as soon after that Day as conveniently may be, for the Overseers of the Poor, for the present or any former Year, of the several Parishes, and also of the several Townships, Places, or Divisions which maintain their Poor separately and distinctly, within their respective Jurisdictions, in whose Possession the Books or Papers containing the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor, or for any other Purpose within and during the Year ending at Easter One thousand eight hundred and three, shall be, to deliver to them respectively the Returns to the several Matters and Things in this Act contained, and flated in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and two or more of the said Justices shall and they are hereby required to cause Notice to be given to such Overseers to make such Returns respectively, within their respective Jurisdictions, and also to the High Constables, and where there are no High Constables, to such other proper Officers who have the Execution of Precepts from Justices of the Peace within such respective Jurisdictions, at least six Days before the Day of such Meeting or Meetings respectively, requiring their Attendance at such Meeting or Meetings for the Purposes of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That in Cases where there shall be a House of Industry or Workhouse, belonging to any Parish or Place, whether separately and distin£lly for one Parish or Place, or conjointly with any other Parish or Place, or Parishes or Places incorporated thei^with, the Overseer to whom the said Schedule shall be delivered is hereby required to call on the Governor or other proper Officer of such House of Industry, or Workhouse, for his Aid and Assistance in properly filling up and completing the said Schedule; and such Governor or other proper Officer is hereby required, under the Penalties herein recited, to afford to the said Overseer all necessary Information for properly filling up and completing such Parts of the said Schedule as shall relate to such House of Industry or Workhouse; and the Governor or other proper Officer of any incorporated House of Industry or Workhouse is further required to compute the Share of the Common Expence thereof, rad the Number of Persons belonging to each distinct Parish or Place within the said Year ending Easter One thousand

No Wiit shall be sued out against any JuAice, &c. for Things done in the Execution of his Office, until after one Month* Notice, &c.

Justices ftuJJ appoint a Tirce and Place (and give Notice thereof) for the Overseers of the Poor, &c. having Custody of the Rate Bocks lor the Year ending Easter 1803, to deliver Returns pursuant to this Act.

Officers of House of In-duftty or \Voik* houses, Jcc. ftiah assist Overseers in making such Returns, &c.

fh»H

leceive Return?, and may examine Overseer?, Bic. upon Oath (See^9.), and after attestinj Returns shall deliver them to the High Con-ftaMc, Sec. for the Clerk u{

Uie Peace.

High Confta-Hei, See. shall receive blank Schedules from dot k* of the Peace to deliver to Oveifcers, and Ih.ill attend Meeting* and receive Returns in the Clctks of the Peace; Penalty fur Default tol.

4o jJ.

Overseers, See, shall attend the Justices and deliver Returns, and also if required the Af-ieftments and the Account of fcxpencesie-fyccting the Poor so; the Year ending at Kafter 1803.

15" §j.

Penalty far Del-iult id. to 5l.

Penalty fur Co/»ccalrnent or RMH.i.tg any f. lie Rutu n*.

5ci*

Rewards to C-'le; kiuf tint Peace, Hi.; It GantUWes, Ac-

C. 144. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

thousand eight hundred and three, and to examine whether such Particulars relating to the House of Industry or Workhouse he properly entered in the aforesaid Schedule, when attested by such Governor or other proper Officer of the House of Industry or Workhouse, conjointly with the Overseer of the Poor, before the Juilicesof the Peace, at their Meeting or Meetings to be held for the Purposes of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That any two or more of the said Justices of the Peace shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required, at such Meeting or Meetings so to be appointed as aforesaid, to receive and take the Returns to be made by the Overseers of the Poor, and the Governors or other Officers of such Houses of Industry or Workhouses, as aforesaid, in Writing signed by themselves, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, and then and there administer to them respectively the Oaths contained in this Act; and such Justices are hereby authorized, if they shall see Cause, to examine such Overseers, Governors, or other Officers aforesaid, upon Oath, touching any of the Matters contained in such Returns respectively, and to call for the original Accounts of such Overseers, Governors, or other Officers aforesaid, if they shall see fit, in order to explain and verify the said Returns as shall be then made, and the said Justices shall sign and attest such Returns at the Foot of the same without Fee, when, on Inspection, the same shall appear to them to be complete, and deliver such Returns so signed and attested, to the respective High Conit aides or other proper Officers as aforesaid, in order that the same may be by them transmitted to the Clerks of the Peace or Town Clerks as herein is directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said High Constables or other proper Officers, within the respective Jurisdictions aforesaid, for the Time being, shall receive from the said Clerks of the Peace cr Town Clerks, a printed Copy of the Schedule to this Act annexed, and deliver or cause to be desireitd out one of each such Schedules to one of the Overfjprs of the Poor of every Parish, Township, or P'a.c, within their respective Limits, as well within Towns Corporate as without, before the twentieth Day of August now next ensuing, or as soon after as conveniently maybe, and when required by the respective Justices of the reace as aforesaid, attend the said Meeting or Meetings, and then and there receive the several Returns made by the said Overseers, Governors, or other Officers as aforesaid, and indorse upon the Back of each of them the Name of the Hundred, Rape, Wapentake, Lathe, Precinct, Soke, Franchise, Liberty, City, or Town Corporate, wherein the said Parish, Township, or Place therein mentioned is situate, and tianfrait the same to the several Clerks of the Peace, and Town Clerks, at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to he holden in the Year One thousand eight hundred and three, or some Adjournment or Adjournments thereof (which Adjournment and Adjournments the Justices at such Quarter Sessions are required to make to some convenient Day within forty Days after the said Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and three, and from Time to Time a3 often as shalt be necessary, to some other convenient Days within ten Days from the preceding Day of Adjournment in all Cases where such Returns shall not be made at the said Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, and until full and complete Returns shall be made) upon Pain of Forfeiture for every Default and Neglect in the Matters aforesaid, a Sum not exceeding ten Pounds nor less than five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom Complaint thereof shall be made.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Overseers of the Poor of every such Parish, Township, and Place, having such Rates as aforesaid in their Possession, and one or more of the Governors or other Officers having the Care or Management of any such House of Industry, or Workhouse, for any such Parish, Township, or Place, shall, and they hereby required to attend the Justices of the Peace at such Meeting or Meetings which shall be so appointed; and then and there deliver to the said Justices in Writing, signed by them, a just and true Account upon Oath as herein directed, according to their respective Knowledge of the same, of the total Amount of all and every Sum and Sums of Money raised and expended by them respectively, for or on account of the Poor within the respective Districts, Parishes, Township, or Places, for the said Year ending at Easter One tlstufand eight hundred and three during the said Year, according to the different Heads of Rates levied or Disbursements mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and shall for that Purpose cause the total of such Disbursements for such Year to be divided and clafied under such different Heads of Disbursements accordingly; and shall also at such Meeting or Meetings deliver in like Manner a true and just Account upon Oath, of the Number of poor Persons who shall have been admitted, or received Relief during such Year, within the respective Houses of Industry, or Workhouses, or otherwise in the respective Parishes, Township, or Places aforesaid, as Hated i i the Schedule to this Act annexed; and shall respectively fill up the Blanks and other Spaces in such Schedule, with the several Matters required to be returned by this Act, according to the Truth of the Case; and shall also at the same Time produce to the said Justices, if Required, the Assessments under which the Money waf collected, and the Accounts of all Expences respecting the Poor for the said Year, for their inspection and Examination; and tint every Overseer, Governor, and other Officer aforesaid making Default in any of the Matters hereby required, shall for every such Neglect and Default forfeit a Sum not exceeding ten Pounds nor less than five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom Complaint thereof shall be made.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Overseer, Governor, or Person required to make any such Return or Returns ns aforesaid, shall conceal any Matter or Matters directed to be enquired into by the said Schedules, or either of them, or shall knowingly or wilfully make a false or imperfect Return, every such Overseer, Governor, or Person so offending, shall, forever^such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, to he recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at li'tjlnuufhr, in case the Offence shall be committed in England) in the Counties Palatine of Lancaster, Chester, and Durham, in case the Offence llnll he committed in those Counties, or either of them respectively, or in the Great Sessions in the Principality of fia/rs, in case the Offence shall he committed in Wales.

VII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed for the Trouble and Expences of the several Persons employed in the Transactions aforesaid, for every Return which shall be so made and transmitted to the Clerks of the Peace, and Town Clerks respectively, pursuant to the Directions aforesaid, the Sums fol-

6 lowing,

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 144.

owing, and no more 5 videlicet, to the Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk, for the Return which shall be made in reiped of every Parish, Township, and Place, the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence; to the High Con. (table or other proper Officer, for the like, the Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence; to the Overseers of the Poor, Governors, or other Officers of Houses of Industry, or Workhouses, for the like, a Sum not less than two Shillings and Sixpence each and not exceeding ten Shillings and Sixpence each, exclusive of their travelling Expences, at the Discretion of the Justices who shall approve of the Returns; to the Clerks of the Justices of the Peace, for the like, the Sum of one Shilling; and that the said Justices of the Peace, at their respective Quarter Sessions, which shall be held next after the Easter One thousand eight hundred and four, shall and are hereby required to make an Order upon their respective Treasurert to pay the same out of the Rates to be made and collected for the respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Precincts, Sokes, Franchises, Liberties, Cities, and Towns Corporate.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by this Act shall, tmless otherwise directed by this Act, if not immediately paid, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace, having Jurisdiction where such Offender shall dwell, rendering to the said Offender the Overplus (if any) after the Charge of such Distress and Sale shall be deduded; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, then it shall be lawful for such Justice to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for a Term not exceeding twelve Calendar Months, unless the said Forfeiture and Charges shall be fobner paid; and the said Forfeitures when recovered shall be paid and applied one Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the said respective Treasurers, in Aid of the Rates aforesaid; and any Person shall be deemed a competent Witness for the Execution of any of the Purposes of this Act, notwithstanding his paying Or being liable to pay to such County Rates.

IX. And be it further enacted, That any Justice of the Peace aforesaid, before whom any Return shall be made in pursuance of this Act, by any Overseer of the Poor or other Person aforesaid, shall and he is hereby empowered and required to administer to such Overseer or other Person aforesaid, the following Oaths (or, being of the People called Quakers, Affirmations), videlicet:

Y0U ^wear C*r affinn], That the Return [cr Part of the Return] made by you, contains, to the best

of your Knowledge and Belief, a full and true Answer to the Questions contained in the Schedule of the Act intituled, An Act for procuring Returns relative to the Expence and Maintenance of the Poor in England.

So help you GOD/

shall true Answer make to all such Questions a3 shall be demanded of you touching these your

Returns relative to the Poor of the Parish [or Township] of [or of the incorporated Parishes under

your Care, as the Case may be] as far as the same is within your Knowledge. So help you GOD/

Which Oaths shall be taken by the Party on the Holy Evaogelifts in the usual Manner of administering Oaths.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall wilfully and' corruptly make a false Oath, touching any of the Matters contained in this Act, evenr such Person or Persons offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be (ubjed and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in being Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XI. And be it enacted, That a sufficient Number of printed Copies of this Act, and also of the Schedule hereunto annexed, shall, as foort as conveniently may be after the faffing thereof, transmitted by his Majesty's Printer to the Clerks of the Peace of the several and respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Pre-cinds, Sokes, Franchises, and Liberties in England and Wales; and that the said several Clerks of the Peace shall and they are hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to cause the said Act to be distributed among all and every the acting Justices of the Peace within their respective Limits, and also a sufficiedi Number-of the Schedules to this Act annexed, to be delivered to the High Constables or other proper Officers who have the Execution of Precepts from such Justices of the Peace within their respective Limits, and which said Clerks of the Peace shall also cause a sufficient Number of such Copies of this Act and Schedule respectively to be tielivered to the Town Clerks or other proper Officers of every City, Borough, Town Corporate, or Place, in which Quarter Sessions of the Peace are usually holden, situate in the County, Riding, or Division, for which the said Clerks of the Peace shall respectively ad, to be by the said Town Clerks respectively distributed in like Manner among the acting Justices of the Peace in every such City, Borough, Town Corporate, or Place, and among the proper Officers who have the Execution of Precepts from such Justices of such City, Borough* Town Corporate, or Place; And the said Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks respectively shall also receive the Returns to be made pursuant to the Directions herein given, and transmit the same with a List thereof, 4ind also another Lift therewith of Pariftiea or Places not having made due Returns, to his Majesty's Principal Secretary of State, with all convenient Speed, in order that an Abstract of the same may be made and present^d to both Houses of Parliament, upon Pain of forfeiting for every Neglect and Default, a Sum not exceeding ten Pounds nor less than forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom Complaint thereof shall be made.

43 Geo. III. J A SCHEDULE

1097

Overseers. fit. Civ; k> of Justicej, See,

to be paid oat of County Hates.

Recovery and Application of Penalties

Junices before' whom Returns shall be marie, shall ndminifler Oaths lo the Party.

Persons making falseOalhs liable to Penalties of Perjury.

G*pies of the Act and the Schedule shall be transmitted to lite CJerks of the Pence, who shall distribute the Acts to the ailing Justices, and the Schedule s to the High ConltJdes, ice.

Clerks of the Pence shall transmit Return., Sec. to the Secretary of State, fcc.

A.D. 1803.

C. 144. 43° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

QUESTIONS to which, by Directions of an Act passed in the forty-third Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for procuring Returns relative to the Expenses and Maintenance of the Poor in England, written Answera are to be returned by the Overseer of every Parish, Township, or Place in which Rates are separately and distinctly made for the Relief of the Poor; and also by every Governor or Manager of any House of Industry or Workhouse, m which any of the Poor belonging to such Parish or Place, have been maintained during the Year ending Easter One thousand eight hundred and three, for which Purpose the Oterfeer and Governor of the Workhouse (where any) are to attend the Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions, on pain of incurring the Penalties imposed by the said Act, for every wilful Default or Negle£L

1. What it the Name and Description of your Parish or Place

In Answer to this Question, you are required to specify the Name of the Place, (petted in the moll usual Manner; and also whether it be a Parish or Part of any Parish, and in the latter Case specifying whether it be usually called a Tything, Township, or by what other Name, and in what ranlh, and in what Hundred, or other usual Division of your County, it is situate.

2. What was the total Amount of Money raised within the Year ending Easter One thousand eight hundred and three, by Poor's Rate, and any other Rate or Rates

3. At what Rate in the Pound for that Year

4. What was the total Amount of Money expended in that Year for the Maintenance and Relief of the Poor, distinguishing Money expended out of the House of Industry or Workhouse, and Money expended in the House of Industry or Workhouse, if any

- If no House of Industry or Workhouse, write the Words u No Workhouse" in the proper Columns throughout the Schedule.

If there be a House of Industry or Workhouse in which any Poor of your Parish or Place are maintained* inform the Governor or proper Officer thereof, that he is required under pain of the Penalties of this Act, to enabl&^QfLto fill up and complete the proper Column; to the Truth of the Contents of which and of every other Column relating to the Workhouse, he is to make Attestation upon Gath before the Justices of the Peace, according to the Directions of this Act.

5. What was the total Amount of Money expended in that Year in Suits of Law, Removal of Paupers, and Expences of Overseers or other Officers employed therein

6. What was the total Amount of Money expended in that Year for all other Purposes, except those expressed in the two last Questions including herein, any Church Rate, County Rate, Highway, or Militia Charges, etc. etc.

7. What was the total Amount of Money expended in that Year

In Answer to this Question you are required to take care, that the Amount be the Total of the three Columns marked 4, 5, 6, or to explain on the Schedule why it does not agree therewith.

8. What was the total Amount of Money expended in that Year in parchafing Materials for employing the Poor; distinguishing Money so expended out of the House of Industry or Workhouse, and Money so expended in the House of Industry or Workhouse, and herein making Application to the Governor or other Officer thereof, as directed in Question 4

9.What was the total Amount of Money earned by the Labour of the Poor towards their Maintenance ia that Year, and as such accounted for to your Parish or Place

10. What was the Number of Persons relieved from the Poor's Rate permanently throughout that Year; 'distinguishing Persons so relieved out of the House, and Persons so relieved in the House, but not including any Children whose Parents have been permanently relieved out of the House

11. What was the Number of the Children of the aforesaid Persons permanently relieved out of the Houfo; distinguittiing those under five Years of Age, and those between five and fourteen Years of Age

12. What was the Number of Persons relieved occasionally in that Year

13. WRat was the total Number of Persons relieved who were above sixty Years of Age, or difcbled from Labour by permanent Illness or other Infirmity

14. What was the Number of Persons relieved in that Year who were not Parishioners

15. What Friendly Societies hold their usual Meetings in your Parish or Place

16. What is the Number of Members in the said Societies, including Members not belonging to your Parish or Place, as well as those belonging to it

17. What Number of Children are now educating in any School of Industry in your Parish or Place

Concerning this Question, specify further Particulars as informed by the Patrons or Promoters of such School, aim annex a Paper containing such Particulars to this Schedule, in any convenient Manner.

18. Are there any Matters which you think it necessary to remark in Explanation of your Answera to any of the preceding Questions

I. Name

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 144. 1099

I. T ra the4 the 2. 3- 4- 5- 6. 7- 8.

Name and Description of each Parish or Place. otal Money ifed within Year ending lee 1803, by Poor Rates At what Rate in the Pound for that Year. Total Money expended j in that Year for the Maintenance and Re- j lief of the Poor. Expenditure in j Suits of Law, Removal of Pau- pets, and Jour-nies and ExpenCes of Overseers or other Officers. Expenditure for any other Purposes, Church Ra'e, County Rate, Highways, Militia, &c. Total Expenditure of the PaiiSh or Place within the Year ending Eaper 1803. Money expended in pur-chjfjMg Materials f<r employing the Poor.

or other Rate or Ratea. Out of the House. In the' House. Out of the House. In the House.

£ £. s. J. £ £ f- d £ £ t- £ d* 4 C' S- d

9* IO. II. 12.3- 14-5* 16.7*

Money earned by the Labour of the Poor towards their Maintenance, and accounted for to the PariA or Place. Number of Persona relieved from the Poor's Rate permanently, not including Child ten of such Period*. Number of Children of Pei font relieved permanently. Number of Persons re- limd occasi- onally. Number of Persona relieved who are above 60 Yean of Age, or disabled from Labour by permanent Illoefi or other Infirmity.: Number of 1 Perf ms re- lieved, who were not Parishion- era. Number of Friendly Societies who hold their usual Meetings within your Pari & or Place, if any. Number of Members in the said Societies, including Members not belonging to your Parish or Place, as well as those belonging to it. Number of Children in any School of lnduShy in your Parish or Place,

Under five Years of Age. From five to fourteen Years of Age.

Out of the House. 1 In the House. Out of the Hoofs. In the House.

£ d. £ d*

T //. B. Overseer, and I, C.D. Governor or Manager of the House of Industry or Workhouse of the of

in the County of do swear [or, affirm], That the above Return contains, to the bed of my Knowledge and

Belief, a full and true Answer to the Questions contained in the Schedule of an Act, intituled dn eiB for procuring Returns relative to the Expence and Maintenance of the Poor in England.

Signed Overseef

of the House of Industry.

Sworn [or affirmed] before us Justices of the Peace in and for the of this Day of

One thousand eight hundred and three*

Signed

j A t-

43° GEORGII III.

i too

c. 8*.

Duty of n. per Bushel unclen c-cited A<5>, (h.: !l he paid (»n all Malt made in Scotland, except from Beer or Bigg, under Regulations of this Art.

Persons intending to make Malt from Beer or Bigg only, shall make Entry at the Excite Office of every Ciflern, &c.

Penalty 50l. per Ciftcrn, See.

Entry shall bein Force for three Months and till withdrawn.

Such Entry shall not be withdrawn until all Malt is made, taken account oj, and charged.

No Entry shall he made by any Maltiier from Harley as a Maltster from Beer or Bigg only till all Barley be completely mailed and charged or removed; nor 'dice verjti.

[ Stuery ? a Repetition,]

Penalty on Persons making Malt from Beer m Bigg only j

C. 145.

CAP. CXLV.

A.D. 1803.

An Act for mort effectually securing certain Duties on Malt, and for preventing Frauds by Makers.

of Malt from Beer or Bigg in Scotland. [i ith August 1803.]

4 T^OR the more effectually securing the Duties on Malt imposed by an Act of the present Session of Parlia- X ment, intituled, An Act for granting to h'u Majesty, until twelve Months after the Ratification of the Defnifive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Exctfe in Great Britain, and preventing of Frauds by Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland be it enacted by the King's moi Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, the Duty of two Shillings imposed by the said recited Act shall be charged and paid for and upon all and every Bushel of Malt whatsoever, which shall be made by any Maltster or Maker of Malt within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, save and except such Malt only as shall or may be made by any Maltster or Maker of Malt, Maltsters or Makers of Malt, from Beer or Bigg only, duly entered according to and under the several Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions herein after mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, all and every Person or Persons who shall propose or intend to make Malt from Beer or Bigg only in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, before he, she, or they shall ered, set up, alter, enlarge, or make Use of any Ciflern, Uting Vat, or other Utensil for wetting or steeping Beer or Bige, to be made into Malt, or any Kiln, Floor, Room, or other Place, for the making or keeping of such Malt, or for the laying or keeping of Beer or Bigg, for the Purpose of being made into Malt, shall make a true and particular Entry in Writing at the next Office of Excise of every such Ciftem, Utin'g Vat, Utensil, Kiln, Floor, Room, or Place whatsoever; and shall in such Entry exprefa and declare, that he, she, or they is or are to make Malt front Beer or Bigg only, and from no other Grain whatsoever; on Pain to forfeit for every Ciftem, Uting Vat, Utensil, Kiln, Floor, Room, or Place whatsoever, made Use of by such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt, without such Entry as aforesaid, the Sum of fifty Pounds Sterling; and if any such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt shall not, in the Entry so made or directed to be made as aforesaid* express and declare that he, she, br they is or are to make Malt from Beer or Bigg only, and from no other Grain, then and in every such Case such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt respectively, shall be deemed and taken to be, and is or are hereby expressly declared to be a Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Bariev or other Corn or Grain, subject to the Duty imposed by the said recited Act two Shillings for every Bufnel of Malt made by him, her, or them, and to all other Duties, Regulations, Provisions, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to which any Maltsters or Makers of Malt from Barley or other Corn or Grain are subject and liable by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred' and three, when and so often as any such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only, shall have made such Entry as aforesaid, expressing that lie is to make Malt from Beer or Bigg only, such Entry shall be and remain in Force for the Space of three Months at the least; and shall likewise continue in Force at ail Times until such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt respectively shall deliver to» and leave with the proper Officer of Excise a Notice in Writing, signifying that he, she, or they, has or have withdrawn and renounced the said Entry, and is or are no longer to continue to make Malt from Beer or Bigg, only, in Manner aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, no such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Biggonly, shall be permitted to withdraw or renounce his, her, or their Entry at any Time until all the Bter or Bigg in his, her, or their Custody or Possession shall have been and is completely made into Malt and dried off, and until the Whole thereof has been taken account of, and the Duties thereon have been charged by the proper Officer of Exiife but the Officers of Excise shall and may continue to survey such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt, until the Whole of such Beer or Bigg is completely made into Malt, dried off, taken account of, and charged with Duty as before mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred! and three, no Makfter or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Barley or other Corn or Grain shall be permitted to make an Entry as a Maltster or Maltsters from Beer or Bigg only until all the Mala made by him, her, or them from Barley or other Corn or Grain shall be completely dned off, taken account of, and charged with Duty, and until all the Barley or other Corn or Grain in his, her, or their Custody or Possession shall be completely removed and carried away from his, her, or their Possession and Premises; and no Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only shall be permitted to make an Entry as a Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from [Beer or Bigg only shall be permitted, to make an Entry as & Maltster or Maltsters of Malt from*] Barley or other Corn or Grain until all the Malt so by him made from Beer or Bigg only shall be completely dried off, taken account of, and charged with Duty* and until all the Beer or Bigg in his, her, or their Custody or Possession shall be completely removed and carried away from his, her, or their Possession and Premises, and after all or any Entry or Entries which shall be made or offered or tendered to be made contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof shall be and is hereby declared to be null and void,

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, no Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Barley and other Corn or Grain shall directly or indirectly be concerned or have any Share, Title, or Interest in carrying on the Trade or Business

- of

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 14$. 1101

of a Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only; and if any Person or Persons and also from shall carry on the Buffness of a Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only, Ba.iey, Sec, along with that of a Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Barley and other Corn or Grain, 200, > he, she, or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hun- MaUine from

dred and three, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall be permitted to make Entry of any House or Place for jjeer or B'gg the laying, making, or keeping of Malt made from Beer or Bigg only, unless the same shall be completely only, , md iruni separate and apart, and under a separate Roof, and in separate Premises from any House or Place entered for Bsrley, Sec. the making, laying, or keeping of Malt made from Barley and other Corn or Grain; and no Person or Persons carr*€

shall be permitted to make an Entry of any House or Place for the making, laying, or keeping of Malt made Pro-

from Barley and other Corn or Grain; unless the same shall be completely separate and apart, and under a mife$; on re-different Roof, and in separate Premises from any House or Place entered for the making, laying, and keeping i alty <>: cun-of Malt made from Beer or Bigg only; and if any Entry or Entries shall be made or offered to be made, con- Gdering same trary to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, every such Entry shall be and is hereby declared to be null and uaenltiC<1# void, and any Person or Persons making, laying, or keeping any Malt in any such House or Place, Houses or

Places, situate and lying contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, shall be deemed and taken to be a Maker or Makers of Malt without Entry, and shall be liable to all the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by any Act or Acte of Parliament now in Force for or in respect of the making of Malt without Entry,; or concealing the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hun- No gecr or gj dred and three, no Beer or Bigg shall be brought into the Custody or Possession of any Maltster or Maltsters, be bought Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only* or into any Room or other Place made Use of by such into PoiRffion of 'Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only, for the making, laying, or keeping a Maltster, with-of such Malt, or of Beer or Bigg to be made into Malt, whether the said Room or other Place shall be entered Q«Nullce*.wtbe

' or not, without first giving Notice thereof to the proper Officer of Excise of the Division or Place within which Cei-^ficate from such Room or other Place is situate, and without producing to the said Officer, and leaving with him an au- the Seller, &c, thentic Certificate under the Hand of the Seller or other Person or Persons from whom such Beer or Bigg was purchased or received, testifying that such Seller or other Person or Persons do know the Corn or Grain so fold, sent, or delivered unto too to be received by such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only, to be really and actually Beer or Bigg, or Bigg only without any Mixture therein, or any Addition thereto, of any other Kind or Species of Corn or Grain whatsoever; and if any Corn or Grain what- Penalty thereon soever, other than Beer or Bigg only, shall be brought or received into the Custody or Possession of any such bringing Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only 5 or if any Corn or Grain of what- fe^e and tooh

ever Species the same may be, shall be received into the Custody or roffeffion of any such Maltster or Maltsters,

Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Biggonly, without such Notice and Certificate as is herein-before mentioned, all such Beer or Bigg, or other Corn or Grain whatsoever shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt, into ^hose Custody or Possession the same shall be brought, or in whose Custody or Possession the same shall be found, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

IX. - And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight him- Penalty on giv-

dred and three, if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall give or grant unto any Maltster or Maltsters, Maker ulfe cJ: rh-or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only, any false or untrue Certificate, signifying or certifying that any cates 100

Corn or Grain whatsoever, fold, sent, or delivered unto any such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of

Malt as aforesaid, is really Beer or Bigg only, without any Mixture or Addition of any other Corn or Grain, when such Corn or Grain so fold, sent, or delivered is not really and truly Beer or Bigg only, without such Mixture or Addition of other Corn or Grain, every such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred Beer or Riggor and three, when any Beer or Bigg, or other Corn or Grain whatsoever, shall be brought and received into the olher Gr*, n Custody or Possession of any Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only, or into any bro^!)1 intt" lhe House, Room, or Place made Use of by such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg MaitrtcT from'^ only, for the making, laying, or keeping of such Malt as aforesaid, or of Beer or Bigg to be made into Malt, then Beer or Bigg and in even such Case all such Beer or Bigg, or other Corn or Grain, shall be kept separate and apart from, and only, shall be «ot in any Manner mixed or confounded with any other Beer or Bigg, or any other Corn or Grain, in the Custody kei" fePai*ltc*cr or Possession of such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt as aforesaid, for the Space of twenty-

four Hours at least after the same hath been so received into his, her, or their Custody or Possession, so that the officer.

the Officer of Excise may have an Opportunity of inspecting and examining the fame; and if any such Beer or

Bigg, or other Corn or Grain, shall not be kept separate and apart for twenty-four Hours from all other Beer Penalty, Forfei*.

or Bigg or other Corn or Grain, as is herein directed, then and in every such Case all such Beer or Bigg, orure and 50U

ether Com or Gram so mixed or confounded, and all the Beer or Bigg, Corn or Grain, with which the fame shall be so mixed or confounded shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt in whose Custody the same shall be found shall forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight bun- Maltsters- from* dred and three, it shall not be lawful for any Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or

Bigg only, to wet, steep, or put into Water any Beer or Bigg, in order to be made into Malt, until the Ex- w"uhe fameun-piration of twenty-four Hours at least after the said Beer or Bigg shall have been brought into his, her, or tu 24 Hours nf-thdr Custody or Possession; and if any such Maltster or Maltsters; Maker or Makers of Malt from Bter or tei being brought

Ujgg in Penalty $ol. 66 and ForuWe

e

Excite Officer* shall examine the McerorBigs, and may take Snaplex

Pexahy on ob-ft ruling Officer* took

Barley, Sec. or Malt ihetc: of found on Pie* mites trf Malt* fter, from Beer or Bigg only, Bull he foi kited.

Maltster shall also fu.fcit 50l. and he charged with the Duty of a*. per Bushci for11 Malt then fou.td.

Maltsters from Beer or Bigg only, Biall also be subject to the same Regulation* as Malt* fVers from Bartey, Sec. 5

and so, on making such Malt for Exportation*

C. 145, 146. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Bigg only* ft alt begin to wet, deep, or put into Water any Beer or Bigg, in order to be made into Malt, before the Expiration of twenty-four Hours after such Beer or Bigg has been brought into his, her, or their Custody or Foffession, whether Notice of his, her, or their Intention to wet the same shall or shall not hare been given, he, she, or they shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence the Sum of fifty Pounds; and all the Beer or Bigg so begun to be wet, deeped, or put into Water as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be feieed by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, all and every the Officer or Officers of Excise shall be and is or are hereby authorized and required to examine and take Account of all Beer or Bigg, Corn or Grain whatsoever, which shall or may be in the Custody or Possession of any Maltster or Mahfters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only, whether the same shall be actually making or made into Malt or not, and to ascertain to the best of his Knowledge and Belief the Species or Kind of all such Corn or Grain, and to take a Sample or Samples of all such Beer or Bigg, Corn or Grain, if such Officer or Officers shall deem the same to be necessary, such Sample or Samples not exceeding two Ounces in the Whole out of each separate Parcel of Beer or Bigg, Corn or Grain; and if any Person or Persons shall hinder or obstruct such Officer or Officers in examining the Species or Kind of such Beer, Bigg, or other Corn or Grain as aforesaid, or in taking Samples of the same, every such Person or Persons (haQ for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall find and discover any Barley or other Corn or Grain other than Beer or Bigg, or any Malt which has been made from Bailey or other Corn or Grain than Beer or Bigg, in the Custody or Possession of or on the Premises belonging to any Maltster or Maltsters Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Birg only, whether the said Barley, Gom, Grain, or Malt shall be mixed or mingled with or among Beer or Bigg, or with or among Malt made from Beer or Bigg, or not, then all such Barley, Com, or Grain other than Beer or Bigg, and all such Malt made from Barley, Corn, or Grain other than Beer or Bigg, and also all the Beer or Bigg, and Malt m&de from Beer or Bigg, with or among which the same shall be mixed or mingled, shall be forfeited and lost', and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt, with whom or in whose Custody such Barley, Corn, or Grain other than Beer or Bigg, or Malt made from Corn or Grain other than Beer or Bigg, Audi be found, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds, and shall also be charged with and shall pay the full Duty of two Shillings by the said recited Act imposed for and upon all and every Bushd of Mailt whatsoever that shall then be in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, whether the same shall be completely made or not, and from whatever Species of Grain the same shall or may be making or made, or pretended or alleged to be making or made.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only, shall be subject and liable to all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures for securing, charging, computing, levying, and paying the Duty or Duties upon Malt, and for preventing Frauds relating thereto, to which any Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Barley or other Corn or Grain is or are made subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, and such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only shall have and be entitled to the same and no other Allowances in charging and computing the Duties imposed upon Malt made by him, her, or them, as are made or given to Maltsters or Makers of Malt from Barley or other Corn or Grain in virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, favc and except where the same shall or may be repuguant to or inconsistent with any of the Claufts, Matters, or Things herein-before specially provided iu regard to Maltsters or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only $ any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, in case any Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg, (mill intend to make Melt from Beer or Bigg for the Purpose of Exportation, such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt, shall be subject and liable to sill and every the Rules, Restrictions, Provisions, Regulations Limitations, Penalties, and Forfeitures to which any Maltster or Maltsters Maker or Makers of Malt for Exportation is or are liable, and shall be entitled to and shall receive the same and no other Allowances which any Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt for Exportation does or is entitled to receive m virtue or in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament uow in Force relating to the making of Malt for Exportation.

CAP. CXLVI.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of two Millions for the Uses and Purposes therein

mentioned. [11th August 1803.]

His Majesty may empower the Treasury to cause Loans to be received, or Exchequer Bills to be made 4< out for 2, 000, 000l. any Time before January 5, 1804, agreeable to Malt Act, 43 G. 3. c. 3. chargeable 4( on the first Aids granted next Session, &c. $1.3. Bank, in case of Invasion, may advance the Money,

" §5. {At 41 G. 3. (U.K.J c. 81.3*

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 147 — 150. 1103

CAP. CXLVII.

An Act for raising the Sum of one minion five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

[11th Augtift 1803.]

Treasury authorised to raise (before Jan, 5, 1804) i*£0o, oooo/. by Loans and Exchequer Bills, as under Malt 11 Act of this Session, c. 3. $ 1, 2. Interest 3\d. per Centum per Diem, §3. Such Bills shall not be received in " Payment of Taxes, nor exchanged, before April 5, 1804, §4. Charged on the first Supplies of next Session, §5. Bank of England authorized to advance the said Sum, j 6S9

CAP. CXLVm.

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain to issue Exchequer Bills on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

[11th August 1803.]

44 £See 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 4; 42 G. 3. c. 41. — Interest 3\d. per Cent. per Diem* §3. Sura allowed to be advanced by the Bank of England on Credit of this Act, 2, 000, 000l. §6.]"

CAP. CXLIX.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to settle an Annuity of sixteen thousand Pounds on the House of Orange* during his Majesty's Pleasure. [11th August 1803.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, having taken into Consideration your^- Majesty's most gracious Message, wherein your Majesty has been pleased to express your Desire that your Majesty should be enabled to make such pecuniary Allowances to the illustrious House of Orange as might appear to be warranted by a Consideration of their present Situation, and of their Claims on the Generosity of this Country/ do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, &c.

M His Majesty enabled to grant, during Pleasure, an Annuity of 16, 000l. to certain Persons in trust for the'

House of Orange, to be payable quarterly out of the Consolidated Fund; to commence January 3, 1803,

44 $ I. Payable at the Exchequer, without Fees, yffc. $ 2."

[far cap. 99. this Sc/jftm as to England* J

CAP. CL

An Act for consolidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts, relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and for amending the said Acts, so far as the same relate to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

' [11th August 1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain of the Provisions and Powers contained in any Acts in relation 4 V\ to the Duties on Windows or Lights, on Inhabited Houses, on Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules,

and Dogs, and other Duties transferred to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, as far as the fameextend to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, should be reduced into one Act of Parliament, and amended in the Particulars herein mentioned: Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Duties now under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also the Monies arising from an Aid granted to his Majesty by a Land Tax, bynn Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to Scotland* shall, from and after the Time herein after mentioned for the Commencement of this Act, be assessed, raised, levied, and paid, under the Regulations of this Act. flull Le le\ ied under Regulations ot this Act<

Commencement of Act as to said Duties 24th May 1804, >And as to new Duties, from the Time appointed by Acts granting such Duties, £3."

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person, except the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of any Shire or Stewartry in Scotland for the Time being, shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or any of the said Acts before mentioned, unless he shall be duly qualified or authorized to act in Scotland* in .Execution of the said Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear 25 under Land One thousand seven hundred astd ninety-eight, nor unless he shall have taken the Oaths herein after mentioned; and qA?*c

if any Person shall, from and after the Time appointed for the Commencement of the Regulations of this Act, pre- 5^ b« fw Jrn' ftime to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act or the said Act or Acts before mentioned, or any of ^See Scked.°A* the Powers or Provisions therein contained, without having taken the Oaths hereby prescribed in the Manner and $ 6.J required by this Act, or without being qualified or authorized to act as before mentioned, he shall forfeit the Pciul.y 100L Sum of one hundred Pounds Sterling.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or any other Act or Act*, for granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act in Scotland* unless he shall have first taken and subscribed the Oaths of Allegiance and Abjuration, and subscribed the Af-Lrance appointed by Law to be taken and subscribed by Persons in Offices of publick Trust in Scotland.

Duties now under Manage* mem of Tax Office and Land Tax in Scotland

Commissioners (except Sheriffs Depute, Sec.) ffwdl he qualified to act

Cotnmlfli.iners shall take Oaths of Allegiance, Sec,

iio4 C. 150. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Cunrnifll-mers

#nll takft the Oaths expressed inSchcdu!c(A).

CoTimuTiinciS f'.vorn ftull ("wear others.

Co.Timi(11oner» /hill not aft vhcreinterested.

Penalty 50l.

Yearly Meeting of Commissioners on 30th April, 3cc.

lleftion of Clerk and Assistanc.

Precept for Appearance of AfftfTori.

Appearance and InlVimftions of AlTefTcirs.

Certificates of Assessment on Oath.

Penalty on AffeCFV. lor Neglect, 20l. to 5l.

Appointment of CoJicfton.

AssetTnrs Hiall take Oath.

[ S, 't Schedule

Penalty 50l.

Af.etTors shall deliver their Assetfinents yearly to be ligned by Coir imitioners, kc.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as such Commissioner, unless before be shall begin to execute the Office of such Commissioner (except in administering the Oath herein after mentioned to any of the said Commissioners) he shall take the Oath expressed in the Schedule marked (A.) to this Act annexed; all which Oaths as aforesaid any one of the Persons so appointed a Commissioner is hereby authorized to administer, although the said Person administering the same hath not himfdf previously taken the said Oaths; and which Oaths so taken shall be subscribed by the Party taking the fame, and the Names of all Persons so subscribing shall forthwith be transmitted to the Comptroller of Taxes at Edinburgh* by the Clerks of the Commissioners respectively wherever such Oaths shall be so administered: Provided always, that where any Commissioner or Commissioners, who shall have already qualified himself or themselves by taking the said Oaths, shall be present at any Meeting to be held under this Act, in the same Shire, Stewartry, City, or Borough re-lpeftively, then and in that Cale the said Oaths shall be administered to any other Commissioner by him or them, and by no other.

VII. And be it further enacted, 'that in any Matter or Thing touching the Execution of this Act, relating to the Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, in which any Commissioner or Commissioner shall be interested, either for himself, or as Factor, Agent, Attorney, or Solicitor, for any other Person, he shall have no Voice, but shall withdraw until it shall have been determined by the rest of the Commissionere; and if any Commissioner shall presume to act in any oT the Cases before mentioned, he shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds Sterling.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such Commissioners as shall be duly qualified to act in the Execution of this Act, in order to the speedy Execution of any Act or Acts relating to the Duties to be afilfled under the Regulations of this Act, shall within the respective Shires, Stewartries, Cities, or Boroughs, for which they fevc* rally are or shall be appointed to be Commissioners, meet together yearly at their most usual or common Place of Meeting, as Commissioners of Land Tax within such Shires, Stewartries, Cities, or Boroughs respectively, on or before the thirtieth Day of April yearly, or on such other stated Day thereafter as conveniently can be done, and as shall be appointed by their respective Conveenera, not being later than the first Wcdnrjday of July in every Year after the Commencement or this Act, for charging and ordering the Payments of the said Duties to be made for the Year current at and on the said Days; and such Commissioners, or so many of them as shall be present at the said Meeting to be holden every Year as aforesaid or the major Part of them, shall elect one fit and sufficient Person to be their Clerk, and one other fit and sufficient Person, if the said Commissioners shall deem it necessary, to be his Assistant for the Assessments to be made of the several Duties with which the said Commissioners shall be charged, within their respective Limits; and such Commissioners shall also, at such their said Meeting, direct their Precept or Precepts to such Inhabitants of every Parish within their several Shires, Stewartries, Cities, or Boroughs, and such Number of them as the major Part of the Commissioners so met shall, in their Discretion, think moil convenient to be Assessors, to the Effect after mentioned, requiring them to appear before the said Commissioners at their said usual Placd of Meeting, on a Day to be specified in the said Precept or Precepts, which shall not exceed twenty-one Days from the Date of their Precept; and the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall cause such Precepts to be delivered to the Persons so named Assessors person ally, or left at their Dwelling Houses, within the Space of ten Days; and the said Assessors shall, upon such Day as shall be so appointed for that Purpose, within the Time before fixed, personally appear before the Commissioners at their ordinary Place of Meeting; and on the Day so appointed the said Commissioners shall again meet, and shall then openly read or cause to be read unto the Assessors appointed for each Parish, required to appear as aforesaid, the several Duties for which they are appointed Assessors, and openly declare the Efftft of their Charge unto them, and how and in what Manner they ought and should make their Certificate and Assessments of the said several Duties committed to their Charge, and shall then and there appoint another Day, within the Time herein after limited, for the said Persons to appear again before the said Commissioners, and bring in their Certificates of Assessment, in Writing under their Hands, to be verified upon their Oaths or solemn Affirmations, and not otherwise, of all the Matters and Things required of them, without Concealment or Favour; and the said Assessors are hereby strictly cnjohied and required, with all Care and Diligence, to charge and assess them-ft Ives, and all other Persons chargeable with the said Duties, and to make the Assessments according to the Provisions of this Act, and of the said Act or Acts before mentioned, upon Pain of Forfeiture of any Sum not exceeding twrenty Pounds nor less than five Pounds Sterling, and the said Commissioners shall have Power to appoint the subsequent Diets and their Conveeners from Time to Time subject to the Provisions of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners appointed to act in the Execution of the aforesaid Acts shall, upon the Day appointed for the first Meeting of the said Commissioners in any Year, deft and choose one or more fit Person or Persons (as the Case may require) in their respective Shires, Stewartries, Cities, or Boroughs, to be Collector or Collectors of the said several Duties within the same: Provided always, that such Collector or Collectors shall be empowered to act as Assessor or Assessors for any Parish or Place within the Shire, Stewartry, City, or Borough, for which he or they shall be so appointed Collector or Collectors.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Person appointed or to be appointed an Assessor as aforesaid, shall, at the 'Pime of his Appointment, and he is hereby required to take the Oath, or, being one of the People called Quakers, to make and subscribe the solemn Affirmation before the Commissioners for executing this Act then present, in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.), for his due and faithful Ad-miuistration of his said Office; and if he presumes to act as Assessor as aforesaid without taking such Oath or making such Affirmation, he shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of fifty Pounds Sterling.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases, the Assessors so to be appointed as aforesaid shall make and deliver in Writing, their Certificates of Assessments for one whole Year, of all the Duties given to them \q Charge as aforesaid, to the respective Commissioners, on or before the first Wednesday of Attgu/b in every Year, if they shall have appointed a Meeting for that Purpose within that Time, and two or more o* them shall attend

*5 such

ii05

A.D. 1803. 43 GEORGII III. C. 150.

such Meeting; and in Default of Appointment of such Meeting, or Attendance thereat by two or more Commissioners, the Clerk to such Commissioners shall present the same to the Sheriff Depute or Substitute in the Shire or Stewartry, and to the Chief Magistrate of any City or Borough where such Default shall happen, and also to the Conveener of such Commissioners in every such Shire, Stewartry, City, or Borough, who respectively, or any two of them in their respective Jurisdictions, as soon as conveniently can be done, shall set their Hands to the said respective Assessments, teflifying their Allowance of the same, and the Clerk to such Commissioners shall then deliver to such Person or Persons as they shall have appointed Collector or Collectors, a Copy of such Assessment allowed and duly signed as aforesaid; and the said Collector or Collectors is and are hereby enjoined and required, within the Space of six Days after Delivery to him or them as aforesaid, of the Copy of the said Assessment for the Shire, Stewartry, City, or Borough, for which he or they shall have been nominated Collector or Collectors, to deliver to some one of the Assessors of each Parish within such Shire, Stewartry, City* or Borough, a Copy under his Hand of the said Assessment for such Parish, with an Order thereon for such Assessors delivering a Note of the Sum charged to the Parties charged therewith, either personally or at the Places of their last Abode, or on the Premisses charged with the Assessment, as the Case may require; and the Assessors to whom such Copy and Order shall be delivered shall, within fourteen Days after Receipt thereof, make Notification as aforesaid thereupon, and return the said Copy and Order to the Collector, and from whom he received the fame, with a Certificate upon Oath before one of the Commissioners aforesaid, that he did notify the same in the Manner prescribed by this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Collectort of the said Duties to be appointed for the several Shires, Stewartries, Cities, or Boroughs, shall, at or soon after the Time of their Appointment, and before they aft in the Execution of their Duty as such Collectors, or receive any Money on the said Duties, enter into Bond to his Majesty, with such good and sufficient Caution as the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland shall require, binding him or them, and his or their Sureties conjunctly and severally, for his and their due and faithful Performance in every Respect of all the Duties of a Collector, and for duly paying to the Receiver General for Scotland at Edinburgh, or his Deputy or Deputies, at such Times after the Receipt thereof as the said Barons shall direct to be inserted in the Bond, all such Sums of Money as shall from Time to Time be collected by or paid to them for or on account of the said Duties, under a Penalty of two hundred Pounds Sterling, over and above Performance; in which Bond it shall also be a Condition, that the Collector or Collectors therein named shall quarterly, on the fifth Day of January, fifth Day of 4prilf fifth Day of July, and tenth Day of October, or oftener if required by the said Barons, deliver unto the King's Remembrancer, or his Deputy in Exchequer* a true and exact Statement, certified upon Oath before the Sheriff Depute, or Steward of the Shire or Stewar-

or his Substitute, or before the Chief Magistrate of the City or Borough of which he or they is or are Collector or Collectors, of the Sums arising from the said Duties received by him or them, for the Quarter for which the Statement is given in, and of the Sum paid to the Receiver General, and the precise Sum on account of the said Duties in the Hands of the said Collector or Collectors; and which Bond the King's Remembrancer, or his Deputy in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, is hereby authorized and required to take, the Sureties being approved of as aforesaid; and such Bond fuall not be subject to any Stamp Duty whatever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in the Event of any Collector or Collectors refilling or neglecting to enter into such Bond or Bonds as aforesaid, in the Form prescribed by the said Barons under the Authority of this Act, or, after having entered into the said Bond, refilling or neglecting to fulfil the Conditions thereof, beside the Forfeiture of the Penalty in the said Bond, it shall be lawful for the said Barons, or any two or more of them, to suspend from, or if necessary, to deprive of his or their Office, the Collector or Collectors so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, and to nominate and appoint a Person to officiate as Collector of the said Duties, within the Shire, Stewartry, City, or Borough, of which the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting was or were Collector or Collectors, in the place or Head of such Person or Persons, until thirty Days after the Time fixed by Law for the annual Nomination of a Collector or Collectors in such Shire, Stewartry, City, or Borough

and the Person or Persons so to be appointed by the said Barons shall have full Power and Authority, and it and are hereby authorized to raise, collect, and pay over the said Duties* as the said Collector or Collectors so suspended or removed could have done, had not such Suspeiilion or Removal been efftfted; and he and they shall also be entitled to the several Allowances authorized by Law to be made to Collectors of the said Duties, provided such Person or Persons so appointed by the said Barons shall give the like Security as is herein required on the Appointment of Collectors by Commissioners.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Assessor or Collector to be appointed as aforesaid, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to take upon himself the Office of an Assessor or Collector to which he shall be appointed; or shall wilfully neglect or refuse to perform his Duty in the due and speedy Execution of this Act, or of any Act or Acts granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, any two of such Commissioners, or the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the Shire or Stewartry, or Chief Magistrate of the City or Borough, may and shall, by virtue of this Act, impose on such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, for every such Offence, a Fine not exceeding twenty Pounds nor less than ten Pounds Sterling.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Commissioner, Sheriff or Depute Sheriff, Assessor or Collector, who shall be employed in the Execution of any such Act or Acts herein mentioned, or of this Act, shall be liable, for or by reason of such Execution, to any Penalty or Penalties other than as by this Act or the said Act or Acts are or may be inilifted.

Inspectow and Surveyors under Acts now in Force, shall be Inspectors and Surveyors under this Act. — Hi*

Majesty and the Treasury may appoint Officers, §16. §20 of 43 G. 3. c. 99.]"

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every such Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, shall, twice in every Year, to wit, between the first Day of September and the first JDay of October following, and be-43 Geo. III. 7 B twccn

Copy shall he delivered to Collectora.

AITefors shall certify Charge.

Collectors shall give SecAity.

Baron* of the Exchequer may suspend or deprive Collector not entering into Security,

5c c. and appoint others to officiate till annual Election.

Penalty on AfVdTors and Colic<51 ori i»> fusing to act, SOI. to 10l.

Commissioners, Sec shall not he liable to Penalties except under this Act.

Surveyors AuH

certify Surcharges twice a Year,

iic6 C. 150. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

tween the finl Day of March and the first Day of April following, yearly, and' at no other Times, lodge a> Note in Writing, with the Clerk to the said Commissioners, of all such Surcharges as, upon supervising the and give Notice Assessments, or on Examination of the Returns of the Parties, they may lawfully make; and thereupon shall to Parties. give, or cause to be given to every Person so surcharged, or leave or cause to be left at his or her hft or usual

Place of Abode in the Shire, Stewartry, City, or Borough, where such Surcharge shall be made, a Note in Writing, bearing the Amount for which he or /lie shall be charged by virtue of such Certificate, above the Amount in the A fie Ament.

Persons furch.vgvd may fl| pcalfo Commissioners. N*jtice of Appeal.

Entry of Noticcs;

which mvf be

infi»e£ted by

Afftflois.

No A ATt Ament shall be altered but on Appeal.

Penalty 50L

Party shall insist. on the Appeal it the next Meeting.

" Surcharges omitted before Otf. !. may be made before April I, §18. Penalty on Surveyors forOmictions or " for vexatious or corrupt Charges, 10c/. and Forfeiture of OAice, §19." [&r §22, 23. of c. 99.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself, herself, or themselves respectively overcharged or over-rated by any Assessment or Surcharge to be made by virtue or in pursuance of any Act or Acts before mentioned, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them respectively, to appeal to the Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act or Acts in relation to such AfiVfiment, and this Act; on delivering to the Collectorof the Duties at his Office, and to the Surveyor of the Diilri£l, or Inspector, within fifteen Days after the Note in Writing of his Charge being delivered to him or her, or left at his or her House or Place of Abode by the AAeAbr or Assessors, by him or herself, or some other Person acting on Iris or her Behalf, a Note in Writing of such Intention to appeal, containing the Wrong or Grievance of which such Person complains; abdthe said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to hear and determine all such Appeals* except where it shall appear to the said Commissioners that the Person appealing shall have omitted to notify the same as aforesaid to the proper Officer, then and in such case such Appeal shall be held to be fallen from, and' it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to distnifs the fame, and to confirm the Assessment or Surcharge complained of; and every such Collector is hereby required to make an Entry in-a Book to be kept by him for that Purpose, of all such Notices given to him from Time to Time, and to lay them before the said Commissioners at their firA Meeting, or deliver the same to their Clerk; and every fuclt Collector is also hereby required, upon Demand made for that Purpose by the Assessors or Surveyors, to give them Inspection, and Leave to take a Copy of all such Notices of Appeals, that they may attend the Meeting of the said Commissioners prepared to answer the fame, in Support of their Charge or Surcharge.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Assessment made in pursuance of this Act, by the Assessor or AfTcflbrs, or, in their Default, by the Inspectors or Surveyors, shall be altered by Commissioners or any others before the Time of hearing and determining Appeals, and then only upon a Surcharge or Surcharges, or upon the Commissioners hearing the Matter of Appeal particularly relating thereto, upon a general Appeal Day duly appointed, save and except in such Cases only where such Commissioners are specially authorized to alter or ratify any such Assessment by the Act or Acts before mentioned; and if any Clerk to such Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons, shall alter, or cause or procure or suffer to be altered, any AAefTment, after the same shall have been delivered as aforesaid, except in the Cases expressly allowed as aforesaid, or in Cases of Appeal, and by Order of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, made after Appeal as aforesaid, every such Clerk or other Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds Sterling.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Party giving such Notice of Appeal or Complaint shall neglect to insist therein before the said Commissioners, at their next general Meeting for difeuffing of Appeals, to be held half-yearly in Manner herein mentioned, then and in that case such Complaint or Appeal shall be held to be fallen from, and the Charge and Assessment therein referred to shall {land in full* Force.

Notice shall be given of Days of Appeal.

Appeals shall be heard and determined within certain Periods.

Appeals may be adjourned,

( No Abatement shall be made on Appeal, but on Proof of an Overcharge, CsV. §23." §26. of c. 99. J

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of such Commissioners shall and is hereby required to give such Colle£lor8 and Surveyors as aforesaid Notice at what Time or Times within the Periods herein limited, and at what Place or Places the Appeals of any Person or Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved as aforesaid are appointed to be heard and determined; and every such Colletflor is also hereby required, within ten Days after such Notice from the Clerk to the said Commissioners, to cause Notification thereof to be given to the AAeAbr or Assessors of every Parish within the Shire, Stewartry, City, or Borough, of the Time and Place so appointed by such C* mmissioners for hearing and determining Appeals as aforesaid, that all Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved as aforesaid may apply to such Assessors, and from them acquaint them* selves when and where to make their Appeal to the said Commissioners.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That such Appeals as shall be made to such Commissioners, and of which Notice shall have been given to the Assessor, Surveyor, or Inspector as aforesaid, between the full Day of September and the first Day of October yearly, shall be heard and determined by the said Commissioners upon such Days as shall be by them appointed for the hearing of such Appeals, between the twentieth Day of October and the twentieth Day of November following, and that all such other Appeals as shall be made to the said Commissioners, and of which like Notice shall have been given between the first Day of March and the first Day of April following, shall be heard and determined by such Commissioners upon such other Days as shall be appointed by them for the hearing thereof, between the twentieth Day of April and the tenth Day of May following yearly; and no Appeal shall be allowed, heard, or determined, which shall not be made at the Times and in Manner before directed, except in such Cases as the said Commissioners shall at the Arid Meeting specially adjourn to a Day then to be named and appointed, of which Adjournment the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall give Notice at the said Meeting when the Adjournment»made, or within three Day* subsequent thereto, to the Surveyor and CoUedor of the District.

2 XXVI. And

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 150. 1107

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all such Appeals once heard and determined by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them present, on the Day or Days by them appointed for hearing Appeals, shall be final, and neither the Determination of the Commissioners, nor the Assessment then and there made thereupon, shall be altered on any Pretence whatever at any subsequent Meeting, or at any other Time or Place, except always in such Cases where the Opinion of one of the Lords of the Court of Session or of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland shall have been obtained, according to the Provisions of any Act or Acts concerning the same, requiring Alteration in such Assessment.

When Commissioners do not meet at the Time prescribed, they may meet and execute the Powers of the Act " at other Times, §27." [»S«r $ 31. of c. 99.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if such Commissioners shall neglect to appoint Assessors as tliredled by this Act, or in case the Assessors by them appointed shall ntgledl to bring in the Certificates required by them, that then and in every such Case it shall be lawful to and for the Surveyor or Surveyors appointed as herein mentioned, first lodging a Complaint thereof before the Sheriff or Sheriff Depute or Substitute for the Shire or Stewartry, or before the Chief Magistrate of the City or Borough where the Default shall happen, to assess and charge the respective Parishes wherein such Default shall have happened, and to make Certificates in Writing under their respective Hands of the several Duties charged by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts herein mentioned, in like Form and Manner as Assessors are required to make their Certificates of Assessment: and to return such Certificates to the Conveener of such Shire or Stewartry for his Allowance, and the same being allowed under his Hand, shall be delivered to the Clerk of the Commissioners, by whom the Certificate (if made by Assessors) ought to have been allowed, who shall cause a Copy thereof to be delivered to the Collectors appointed within such respective Shires, Stewartries, Cities, and Boroughs respectively, and the Collectors to whom the same shall be delivered shall have the same Power to collect, receive, and recover the said Duties, as such Collectors would have had in case the said Assessments had been allowed by the said Com-Tniflioner9 as aforesaid: Provided, that every such Collector as aforesaid shall leave a Note in Writing to every Person charged in such Certificate of the Charge made upon him or her by the Surveyor, in like Manner as is before directed in Cases of Assessments made by Assessors,

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Sheriff or Sheriff Depute or Substitute or Chief Magistrate aforesaid, with whom such Complaint shall be lodged as aforesaid, against any Assessor or

Appeals shall be-

final, subject only to the Judges' Opinions.

In Default of AflVlTors being appointed, or negU dting their Duty, the Survey 01 s may charge the Dulici.

Sheriff may kc^f Penalty on Af-

Assessors for Neglect as aforesaid, to proceed to hear and determine the fame, and to levy the Penalty hereby kffo, s, or u*vof inflicted for any such Neglect, in like Manner and tinder the like Powers as are hereby given to Commissioners, in all which Cases the Penalty so levied shall be to the Use of the Surveyor who shall have executed the Duty of such Assessor or Assessors.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall not pay the several Sum or Sums Duticg unpaid charged upon him, her, or them, by any Act or Acts herein mentioned, according to the Directions contained may be levied in such Act or Acts, or in this Act, it shall be lawful to and for any two of the Commissioners aforesaid for by Diflitfs. any Shire, Stewartry, City, or Borough, or for the Sheriff Depute or Substitute for such Shire or Stewartry, and the Conveener of the County, and they are hereby required respectively (under the Penalty of ten Pounds Sterling), upon Certificate made to them or either of them by the Collector or Collectors that such Duties are resting and not duly paid, to issue and grant a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands for the said Collectors recovering the said Duties, and the triple Value thereof in consequence of Non-payment, by poinding and distraining the Goods and Effects of any Person or Persons mentioned in such Certificate, and wb^ shall not have paid the Sums thereby assessed upon him, her, or them, which Warrants shall be executed by the Constables or Sheriff Officers of the County, and the Goods and Effects so poinded or distrained shall be valued and appraised by any two Persons to be appointed by the Sheriff Officer or Constable, which two Persons shall be obliged to value the same under the Penalty of forty Shillings Sterling for each Neglect or Refusal, and which Valuation shall be made upon the Ground or at the House where the same were poinded and distrained, and shall be sold and disposed of at the Value by the Officer or Constable who does poind the fame, and the Value to be applied in the first Place to the Satisfaction and Payment of the Duties and triple Values owing by the Person whose Goods are so poinded, and in the second Place to the Payment for the Trouble of the Officer or Constable so poinding, at the Rate of two Shillings per Pound of the Duties and triple Values for which the Goods shall he so poinded and distrained, unless the Owner from whom the same were poinded or distrained shall redeem the fame, by Payment of the Appraised Value within the Space of four Days after the Poinding and Valuation, to the Officer who poinded the same; and in case any Surplus shall remain of the Price or Value after Payment of the said Duties and triple Values, and after Payment of what is allowed to be retained by the Officer or Constable in Manner herein directed, such Surplus shall be returned to the Owner from whom the Goods were poinded or distrained; and in case no Purchaser do appear at the said Sale, that the said Goods and Effect9 so poinded and distrained shall be consigned and lodged in the Hands of the Sheriff Depute of the County, or his Substitute; and if not redeemed by the Owner within the Space of four Days after the Consignment in the Hands of the said Sheriff Depute or Substitute, that the Residue shall be rouped, fold, and disposed of by Order of the Sheriff, in such Manner, and at such Time and Place as he shall appoint, he always being liable to the Payment of the Duties and triple Values to the said Collector, and in Payment to the Officer or Constable who shall have poinded and distrained the fame, for their Trouble and Expence as before Hated, in case the Value of the Goods so fold shall amount to the Extent of the said Duty and triple Values, and to the Fees due to the Officer or Constable, and shall be in the third Place entitled to one Shilling fxr Pound of the Value of the Goods so disposed of, for his own Pains and Trouble, after Preference ana Allowance of the said Duties and triple Values, and of what is appointed to be paid to the Officer or Constable for their Trouble; and that there likewise shall be allowed to the Officer or Constable so poinding and distrain-

7 B z ing

iios

For Default of Distress, Party may be imprisoned.

How Du; ies Dull be recovered, when the Occupiers remove from one Place to another in Scotland.

How Ditties ihal] be recovered in case of Persons removing from Scotland to any Part of Great Britain.

Ho Goods shall be taken on any Process unless the Party shall pay the Arrears of Taxes not exceeding one Year.

On Refusal Collectors may dirt rain lor all Arrears.

Commissioneri Rial I bring Collcltort to account yearly.

C. 150. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

ing the Expence of preserving the said Goods and Effects, and of maintaining the Cattle, if there should happen tb be any among the Goods and Effects so poinded and di(Irained, during the four Days allowed to the Owner to redeem them, and also the Expence of the Sale; and in like Manner the Expence shall be allowed to the Sheriff for preserving and maintaining the Goods or Cattle poinded and distrained during the four Days that the Owner is allowed to redeem after Consignment in his Hands, and also the Expence of the Sale; and where no Goods or Effects sufficient for Payment of the said Duties and triple Values can be found to be so poinded find distrained, and the Person liable shall neglect or refuse to pay the same, in every such Case any one of the Commissioners aforesaid, or the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, or Conveener of the County, shall be and is hereby authorized and required, under his Hand, to commit such Person to the Common Gaol, there to be kept without Bail until Payment shall be made.

XXXI. ' And whereas it may frequently happen, that Persons quitting their Dwelling Houses or Places of Residence may remove to other Parishes or Places without first discharging or paying the Duties charged upon him, her, or them, whereby the said Duties made payable by this Act will be loft, unless such Person or Persons so removing can, after such Removal, be compelled to pay the same; be it further enacted, That in every Case of such Removal to any Place in Scotland\ the Surveyor or Inspector, or Collector acting by virtue of this Act, of the Shire, Stewartry, City, or Borough, where such Duties are charged upon and unpaid by the Person or Persons removing as aforesaid, shall (ign and cause to be transmitted a Certificate thereof to the Surveyor or Inspector, or Collector acting for the Shire, Stewartry, City, or Borough, where the Person or Persons making such Default of Payment shall happen to reside; and any Surveyor, or Inspector or Collector to whom such Certificate is delivered, shall, and he is hereby empowered by virtue of such Certificate, to raise and levy the said Duties charged upon the Party or Parties removed as aforesaid, in such Manner and by the like Means and Methods as any of the like Duties are directed to be levied or recovered by this Act, and cause the Monies so raised and levied to be paid to the Collector of the Shire, Stewartry, City, or Borough, from whence the said Person or Persons did remove, so as the same may be paid and applied according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person charged with the said Duties in Scotland shall remove from thence into any other Part of Great Britain, k shall be lawful for the Commissioners acting as aforesaid in the Shire, Stewartry, City, or Borough, where such Duties are charged and unpaid by the Person removing as aforesaid, to sign and cause to be transmitted, by the Intei'vention of the Commissionera for the Affairs of Taxes, such Certificate as aforesaid, to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Land Tax in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, in the County, Riding, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, where the Person making such Default of Payment shall happen to reside 5 which Commissioners of Land Tax, or any two or more of them, shall and they are hereby empowered, by their Warrant under Hand and Seal, to raise and levy the said Duties charged, or appearing by such Certificate, and cause the Monies so raised and levied to be paid to the Receiver General for Scotland, in Discharge of such Assessment, of which Intimation shall be given by such Receiver General to the Collector of the Shire, Stewartry, City, or Borough, in which such Person was so charged, and Credit shall be given for the same in the Books of the said Collector or Collectors.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no moveable Goods or Effects whatever, belonging to any Person or Persons at the Time of any of the said Duties assessed under the Regulations of this Act became in Arrear, shall be liable to be taken by virtue of any Arrestment, Poinding, Sequestration, or Diligence whatever, or by virtue of any Assignation on any Account or Pretence whatever, unless the Party at whose Instance the said Diligence shall be used, or to whom such Assignation shall be made, shall, before the Sale or Removal of such Goods or Effects, pay or cause to be paid to the Collector or Collectors of the said Duties so due, all Arrears of the said Duties which shall be due at the Time of arresting, poinding, or fuzing such Goods or Effects, or Which shall be payable for the Year in which such Diligence shall be used, provided the Duties shall not be claimed for more than one Year; and in case the said Duties shall be claimed for more than one Year, then the Party at whose Instance such Diligence shall have been used, or to whom such Assignation shall have been made, paying the aforesaid Collector or Collectors the aforesaid Duties due for one whole Year, may proceed as he might nave done if no Duties had been so claimed; but in case of Refusal to pay the said Duties, the said Collector or Collectors are hereby authorized and required to poind and distrain such Goods and Effects not* withstanding, and upon Intimation thereof to one or more of the said Commissioners acting for such Shire, Stewartry, City, or Borough, or to the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, or Conveener of the Shire or Stewartry, artd obtaining his or their Warrant for that Purpose, which he and they is and are hereby empowered to grant, to proceed to the Sale of such Goods or Effects according to this Act, in order to obtain Payment of the whole of the said Duties, together with the reasonable Costs and Charges attending such Poinding, Distress, and Sale; and every such Commissioner, Sheriff Depute or Substitute, and Couveener, and Collector so doing shall be indemnified by virtue of this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That at the End of every Year or within one Calendar Month there* after or at such other Time as the Conveener of the County shall appoint, at the Instance of the Surveyor, on his lodging with him a Note of any Arrear resting or being unpaid of the Duties assessed in any former Year, and in all Cases where a Meeting shall not be held for the Purpose, then at the first General Meeting of the Commissioners to be held for the ensuing Year, the Commissioners appointed to put this Act in Execution within their respective Shires, Stewartries, Cities, or Boroughs, shall and are hereby empowered and required to call before them the Collector or Collectors appointed within each such Shire, Stewartry, City, or Borough, and to examine him or them upon Oath or solemn Affirmation, and adore themselves of the Sum or Sums of Money that shall have been paid to such Collector or Collectors of the Duties given to them or any tf them in Charge, and to make such Order therein for the Payment of the same to the Receiver General,

on

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 150.

on the Day or Time appointed for receiving the fame, as they shall judge necessary, and also to aiTore them* selves of the Sum or Sums in Arrear, and the Cause or Causes thereof; and also upon such Oath or Affirmation to examine the said Collector or Collectors touching the due Payment of any Sum paid to him or them in any preceding Year, and in every such Case to make such Order therein as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required in every Year to call before them the Collector or Collectors appointed in any former Year for the Shire, Stewartry, City, or Borough, for which they aft as Commissioners, where any Sum or Sums of the Duties charged by virtue of any Act or Acts for granting Duties to be assessed tinder the Regulations of this Act, shall be in Arrear or unpaid to the Receiver General, and to examine the said Collector or Collectors on such Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, and to assure themselves of the Sum or Sums of Money paid to him or them, and of the Sum or Sums in Arrear, and also the Sum or Sums paid over to the Receiver General, and of the Sums remaining in the Hands of the said Collector or Collectors, and to make such Order therein as they shall judge necessary to prevent any Failure in the Payment of any Part of the Assessment charged by virtue of any such Act or Acts; and so from Time to Time as long as any of the Arrears of the said Duties, or any of them charged as aforesaid, shall be in Arrear; and the Receiver General, and the several Inspectors add Surveyors shall* when required so to do, be assisting to such Comraif-iioners in their Enquiry in all Matters relating to their respective Offices.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any wilful Delay or Failure shall happen in the Payment of the Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, through the Default or Neglect of any Collector or Collectors, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners to revoke the Appointment of such Collector or Collectors so in Default or neglecting as aforesaid, and in Manner before directed to appoint a Collector or Collectors in his or their dead, with full Power to execute the Office of Collector by levying the Duties then in Arrear, or to become due for the Remainder of the Year; and jt shall also be lawful for such Commissioners, whenever the same shall be necessary, to revoke such last mentioned Appointment, and to appoint a Collector or Collectors, in like Manner from Time to Time, and as often as any such Collector or Collectors shall be guilty of such Default or Neglect, provided Security be taken a3 in the Case of an original Appointment^and such Collector or Collectors so removed shall, on Demand of such Commissioners, deliver up to them, or in their Presence, to the Collector or Collectors newly appointed, all such Certificates of Assessments with which he or they were charged, and all Accounts of Receipts and Vouchers of Payment as aforesaid, and also shall' pay to the Receiver General all Sums then in his or their Hands, at such Time as such Commissioners shall appoint; and if any Person, after such Removal from the Office of Collector, shall refuse or neglect to do any Matter or Thing required by this Act, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds,; to be charged in any Assessment of such Duties as aforesaid, for such Shire, Stewartry, City, or Borough, and ircovered as such Assessment may be recovered, and shall also remain liable to such other Forfeitures that may be incurred, or Diligence that may be used by virtue of this Act# for detaining any Monies of the said Duties in his Hands.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector, being duly summoned, shall refuse to attend -such Commissioners, or shall not answer all such lawful Questions as shall be demanded of him by such Commissioners touching the Execution of his Office of Collector, or shall refuse or neglect to produce to them the Certificates of Assessments, Accounts, or Vouchers of such Receipts or Payments as aforesaid, or shall not obey the Orders of such Commissioners to be made as directed, every such Collector shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds Sterling, to be charged upon him in any Assessment as aforesaid, and to be recovered as such Assessment may be recovered, over and above any Forfeiture that may be incurred, or Diligence that may be used by virtue t>f this Act, for detaining Monies of the said Duties in his Hands contrary to this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where the Collector or Collectors appointed as aforesaid, shall fail or neglect to pay over to the Receiver General at Edinburgh, or his Deputy or Deputies, any such Sum or Sums df Money, within such Number of Days after the same shall have been received by him or them, as shall be specified in the Bonds entered into by such Collector or Collectors, the said Bonds shall, upon fi Certificate by the Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, of the Sums due or unaccounted for, be put in Suit against such Collector or Collectors, and his or their Surety or Sureties, or any of them, for the Recovery of the Sums so due by them, or any of them, and of the Penalty or Penalties in the said Bonds, over and above the Sum so due, by such Process for recovering Payment of Debts due to his Majesty, as is conformable to the Course and Practice of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in settling the Accounts of the said Collectors, no Allowance shall be made for Deficiencies occasioned by Bankruptcy, Insolvency, or Removal of Persons liable in Payment t)f the said Duties, unless it shall be proved, to the Satisfaction of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, that the said Collectors claiming the Allowance, have used their utmost Diligence to recover the said Duties on or before the respective Days appointed for making such Payments, and that they could not collect the same by reason of such Bankruptcy, Insolvency, or Removal: Provided always, that upon such Evidence being produced, the Court of Exchequer shall be at Liberty to order Credit to be given to the Collector or Collectors in his or their Accounts, for the Sums of Money due by any Person on account of the said Duties, or any Part thereof, which could not be recovered by such Collector or Collectors for the Causes aforesaid.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Collector or Collectors, who shall claim any Deduction on account of any such Deficiency as aforesaid, by reason of their not having been able to recover Payment thereof, before they shall obtain any Order from the said Barons of Exchequer for the Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, giving Credit to them for all or any of the Deficiencies claimed, shall have first lodged with the Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, a List or Schedule containing the Names, Surnames, and Places of Abode, of every Person for whose Deficiency he may claim to be allowed by the Barons to have Credit in his Account, and the particular Sum charged upon each Person named in the Schedule, and shall

have

IIO9

Collectors may be removed by Commissioners for wilful Neglect.

and shall deliver Accounts, &c.

Penalty on Neglect, 20l. to be charged in Assessment, Ac,

Penalty on Collectors on refuting to account, Ac, sol.

Bonds shall be put in Suit 00 Failure of Collectors paying over the Sums received.

No Allowance for Deficiency unless proved to the Satisfaction of the Court of Exchequer.

A Schedule of Deficiencies flu 11 be returned upon Oath to the Court of Exchequer by the Collector claiming Deductions,

11 IO

Penalty Tool, and Re-assess-mcnis.

Executors may settle Account* ol deceased Collect .irs hi*fb c the Court of Exchequer.

Collectors failing <o make Payment of Duties shall be sued by Process before the Court of Exchequer.

Vacancy of Collector by Dc.uh shall be tilled up by the Barons of Exchequer.

Receiver General shall pay the' Monies received by him into the Exchequer.

C. 150. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

-have made Oaih, or being-one of the People called Quakers) shall have made and subscribed a solemn Affirmation before any one of the said Barons, or the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the Shire or Stewartry of which he is Collector, that the Sum for which he fb claims to have Credit is due and wholly unpaid, and that neither he nor any Person for him, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, has received a: .y Part thereof, and that such Person became Insolvent or Bankrupt before the Day on which the Duties became payable, and had not Goods and Effects sufficient whereon to raise and levy such Duties within the Shire, Stewartry, City, or Bprongh, for which such Collector shall have been appointed, before the Day on which such Duties became payable, or that such Person removed from such Shire, Stewartry, City, or Borough, before the Day on which such Duties became payable, without leaving therein sufficient Goods and Effects whereon such Duties could be rarfed and levied, and that there was not nor are any Goods or Effects of any Person or Persons liable to the Payment of such Duties in Arrear, or any Part thereof, whereby the same could or might be raised and levied; which Oath or ^Affirmation shall be subscribed by the said Collector, and the Lift or Schedule shall be returned by the Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, into the Court of Exchequer, in order that every Person in the Schedule may be charged by the ordinary Diligence of the said Court of Exchequer, used in like Cases, and recovered as far as possible, and paid to the Receiver General, and by him to be paid into the Receipt of Exchequer at Westminster; and if any such Collector shall neglect or refuse to make such Return, he shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds Sterling, and the Sums in such Assessment remaining unpaid, for which the said Collector or Collectors shall not have had Allowance as aforesaid, shall be re-assessed on the Shire, Stewartry, City, or Borough, according to the Directions of any Act or Acts before mentioned.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in the Event of the Death of any Collector it shall be lawful for the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Represeniatives of such Collector, to settle the Accounts of such deceased Collector before the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, and if in settling the said Accounts, such Hei s, Executors, Administrators, or ReprefeUtatives, shall claim Deduction for the Duties of any Person or Persons, or Part thereof, by reason of the deceased Collector or any after Collectors employed by them, not having beeu able to recover Payment of the said Duties or Part thereof from any Person or Persons, on account of their Bankruptcy or Insolvency, or other Causes, they shall only be allowed such Deductions as the Court of Exchequer, upon hearing the Fads and Evidence produced, shall tliiuk reasonable, having in View the Principles and Rules herein prescribed with regard to Deductions claimed by Collectors in settling their Accounts, as far as that can be done io Justice in settling the Accounts of a deceased Collector.

Commissioners shall cause Duplicates of Assessment3 to be made out yearly, within one Month after April 10;c one for the Receiver General, and one for the Remembrancer's Office — Contents of Duplicates — Penalty on 4< Commissioner's Clerk for Neglect, §41. [As under §46. of c. 99.] Duties shall be paid to Receiver Ge-u neral or his Deputy, §42. [As under §48. of c. 99.] Penalty of 100l. ou Collectors gathering by a false €i Book, &c. [See § $i.of c. 99.]"

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector or Collectors to be appointed as aforesaid, shall fail or neglect to pay over the several Duties collected by him or them to the Receiver General at Edinburgh) or his Deputy or Deputies, within the Time specified in the Bond of Caution entered into by the said Collector as aforesaid, then and in such Case the said Receiver General, and his Deputy or Deputies, may present the said Bond, or an Extract thereof, to one or more of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, with a Petition, stating the Sum due and not accounted for by such Collector or Collectors, and praying for a Homing or other competent and legal Process of Court upon such Bond, and making Oath that the Sum dated in the Petition is due and not accounted for; and the Baron or Barons to whom such Petition shall be presented may thereupon order a Horning or other competent and legal Process of Court to issue, and which Process of Court may be proceeded in by Arrestment, Poinding, Denunciation, Caption, Imprifqnment, or otherwise, for recovering from such Collector or Collectors, and his or their Surety or Sureties, the Sums due by them, and for the Penalty in such Bond, over and above the Sums so due as aforesaid; on the Receiver Gerer.il, or his Deputy or Deputies, upon making Oath to the Sums due and unaccounted for, shall be at Liberty to proceed to the recovering the Payment thereof, and the Penalty in the Bond, by any Process for recovering Payment of Debts due to his Majesty, according to th Course of Exchequer in Scotland,

XLV. And be it further enacted, That in case there shall happen to be a Vacancy in the said Office of Collector, by or on account of the Death of any of the Collectors for the Shires, Stewartries, Cities, or Boroughs aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland\ or any two or more of them, upon the Application of the Receiver General or his Deputy, or the Comptroller of Taxes in Scotland\ or either of them, to nominate and appoint a Person or Persons to officiate as Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, within such Shire, Stewartry, City, or Borough, during the Vacancy occaffoned as aforesaid; and the Person or Persons so to be appointed by the said Barons, shall have full Power and Authority to raise, collect, and pay over the several Duties granted by this Act, or any other Act or Acts before mentioned, in the same Manner as the said deceased Collector would have had by virtue thereof.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, shall, within the respective'Terms appointed for Payment of the same, remit and pay the Monies received by him or them on account of the said Duties, into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, excepting such Sum as shall be judged necessary by the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland) and as the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall allow to be retained by such Receiver General for answering Demands for the publick Service; and the said Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall and they are hereby required and directed to lodge in the King's Remembrancer's Office, in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for the Information of the Barons there, as soon after remitting the

Money

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 150. mi

Moncv to ilie Exchequer, whenever it amounts tu 50G0l.

Re-eKer Gene* rnI fli.ill make ut> Statement of Bahi-Hes Sec. when required.

Notice fli t I! l e given of the Death or^Re-m.-val ot Receiver Genes al^ See.

Application and Recovery of Penalties sued for within 12 Months*

Money to be paid into the Receipt of Exchequer within the Time before mentioned, as conveniently can be done, an Account or Statement, attested on Oath, of the Money by him or them received, remitted, or retained for the publick Service, as it flood upon the last Day of the forty Days witlvn which the said Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, are hereby directed to remit the Money to be paid into the Receipt of Exchequer at Westminster aforesaid; and the said Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, shall and they are hereby required to answer all Questions that may be put by the Barons, or any one of them, concerning the Particulars of the said Account.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That after the said Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, shall have Receiver Cone-remitted to the Receipt of Exchequer at Westminster, the Monies received by him within the respect ive Times , e, Jm

before limited, he, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall continue to remit and pay into the Receipt of Exchequer.

the Monies they may receive afterwards, whenever the same shall amount to the Sum of five thousand Pounds, over and above the Sum the said Receiver General shall be allowed to retain, to answer Demands for the publick Service as before provided, and shall continue to do so until all Duties assessed for the Year, except as aforesaid, are received and paid into the Receipt of Exchequer.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, when required by the said Barons of Exchequer, shall, for their Information, prepare and lodge in the King's Remembrancer's Office in Scotland, an Account or Statement of the Monies received on account of the said Duties, since the last Account or Accounts thereof were settled and passed, flawing the Balances due by the different Shires, Stewartries, Cities, or Boroughs, at the Time when the Account or Statement is made up; and he and they is and are hereby required also to answer any of the Questions put by any of the Barons for explaining the said Accounts, and to execute such Directions as they may receive from the Barons for reducing the Values which may appear to be due by the different Shires, Stewartries, Cities, or Boroughs.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if the Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, shall die or be removed, Notice thereof shall be given by the Comptroller of Taxes in Scotland, to two or more of the Commissioners acting in each Shire, Stewartry, City, or Borough, before the Time appointed for the next half-yearly Payment of any of the Duties herein mentioned, and so from Time to Time, upon the Death or Removal of such Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies.

Constables shall be aiding in the Execution of the Act, §50. Penalty on Persons ob ft rusting Commissioners and Officers, 50l. $ 51. Surveyors, Inspectors, and Officers shall obey instructions of the ^Treasury, §52.

t [See §59 — 61. of r.99

LIII. And be it further enacted, That one Moiety of all pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures imposed by this Act, or any Act or Acts for granting Duties to lx* assessed under the Regulations of this Act, except where other Directions are or shall be given, may, if sued for in the Space of twelve Calendar Months from the Time of such Penalties being incurred, in Manner herein next mentioned, be to his Majesty, his. Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same within the Time aforesaid, and such Penalties may be sued for in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, by any Action competent in that Court; but nevertheless it shall be lawful for his Lord Advocate Majesty's Advocate for Scotland, in case it shall appear to his Satisfaction that any Penalty or Forfeiture was may flay Pro-incurred without Intention of Fraud, to stay all further Proceedings in such Actions, with respect as well to ccc ms'* the Share of such Penalty or Forfeiture claimed by such Informer or Informers, as to the Share thereof belonging to his Majesty.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such Penalty or Forfeiture, except as otherwise directed, shall be recoverable in the Name of his Majesty's Advocate for Scotland, on the Part of his Majesty, by Information or any Action competent in the said Court of Exchequer; and in Default of Prosecution within the Time before limited, no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable in any other Man-per; in all which last mentioned Cases, except as aforesaid, the Whole of such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penal- pMcd zftci 12 ties and Forfeitures incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall be paid Months into the Hands of the Receiver General or his Deputy, to the Use of his Majestyj and that in all Cases where the Whole of such pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recovered for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, it shall be lawful for the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer to cause such Reward as they shall think fit, not exceeding one Moiety of such Penalty or Forfeiture so recovered, after deducting all Charges and Expences incurred in recovering the fame, to be paid thereout, to or amongst any Perfoir or Persons who shall appear to them entitled thereto as Informer or Informers, in respect of such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such pecuniary Penalties not exceeding twenty Pounds, imposed by this Act, or any Act or Acts for granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, except where other Directions are given respecting the same as aforesaid, may be recoverable c*cce<1, nS 2cl* before the Commissioners for executing this Act, or the Sheriff Depute, or Substitute, or any two or more of them, in the Shire, Stewartry, City, or Borough, where the Offence shall be committed; and such Commissioners and others before mentioned, shall take Cognizance of such Offence upon Information or Complaint in Writing made to them, and upon a Summons to the Party accused to appear before them at such Time and Place as they shall fix, or without such Summons, in case the Party or Parties shall have been surcharged before the said Commissioners, and shall have appealed against the fame, and shall appear upon such Appeal before the said Commissioners; and such Commissioners and others before mentioned before whom the Complaint shall be lodged, shall examine into the Matter of Fast, and proceed to hear and determine the feme in a summary W iy; and cn Proof made thereof, either by voluntary Confession of the Party accused, or by Oath or fedemn Affirmation of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or ©therwife as the Case may require,

make

Penalties maybe-recovered in ihe Name of the L>rd Advocate, &c and how re-coveret! and ap-

Rewarding In* formers.

For Recovery oS Penalties not

1112

to hff ( hmgtd : n A3cflm<?nr.

Punishing Pfffor-s guilty ot Pe.jmy.

Oifputei between M after*

and Weavers shall be settled by Rcfeiees appointed by a Just ice of Fcace.

.150, 151. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

make or decree an Adjudication for the Penalty, or for such Part thereof, to which Part thereof the said Commissioners, Sheriff Depute, or Substitute, shall think proper to mitigate the fame, not being in any Cafo iefs than one Moiety of such Penalties, and to assess the same upon the Party, and charge the same in the Assessment to which the Penalty adjudged shall particularly relate, and in Addition to the Duty, in case the Party shall be charged therewith; and which Penalties so adjudged shall be levied in like Manner as the said Duties may be levied in Manner before directed; and the Informer or Informers shall in such Cases be entitled to receive from the Receiver General one Moiety of the Amount of such Penalties in Shares, where two or more of them are concerned, as the said Barons shall on the Report of the Commissioners for executing this Act certify they are respectively entitled unto; and the said Decree and Adjudication of the CommissioneTi, Sheriff Depute, or Substitute, shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, without Power of appealing from the same; and the said Decree shall not be subject to Reduction, nor removeable by Advocation, Suspension, or any Process whatever, in any Court of Law or Equity, or be subject to Revision or Appeal, except in such Cases where a Surcharge shall be made, and a Case shall be demanded and dated for the Opinion of one of the Lords of the Court of Session, or of one of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, conformably to the Directions contained in any Act or Acts granting the Duties to w'hich such Surcharge shall relate.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall wilfully give false Evidence, or make any false Oath or Affirmation or Affidavit, before the Commissioners for executing this, or others by this Act empowered to administer the same, or any of them, touching any Matter or Thing within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, or any Act or Acts for granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, shall be prosecuted for the fame; and such Person or Persons being convicted thereof shall be subject and liable to the same Punishment and Disqualifications as Persons are subject and liable to for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

u Books and Papers declared to be the Property of the Commissioners in Succession, §57. {See f 67. of c. 99. } u Penalty on Persons not delivering up Books and Papers to the Commissioners, on Notice from the Comp- troller or the Surveyor General of Taxes in Scotland, 50l. $ 58. $ 68. of c. 99.] Limitation of Action*

" for Matters done under this Act, six Months — Action shall be brought in Court of Exchequer in Scotland 44 — Venue in the County — General I flue — Treble Costs, §59. Act may be altered in this Session, $ 6o.'#

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.)

{The Oaths are in Words nearly the same as in Schedules to c. 99.3

CAP. CLI.

An Act for preventing and settling Difptites which may arise between Mailers and Weavers engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in Scotland\ and Persons employed by such Weavers; and Persons engaged in ornamenting Cotton Goods by the Needle.

[1 ith Aitgujl 1803.]

WHEREAS it is desirable that a proper Mode should be devised which may tend to prevent, and that a cheap and summary Mode should be adopted for settling, all Disputes which may arise between Mailers

and Weavers in the Cotton Manufacture in that rart of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Scotland, or between such Weavers and Persons employed by them, or between Mailers and Persons engaged ia

ornamenting Cotton Goods by the Needle t' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act in all Cases relative to the weaving of the said Manufacture that shall and may arise within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, where the Mailers and Weavers, or the Weavers and those employed by them cannot agree respecting the Price or Prices to be paid for Work done or in the Course of being done in \he said Manufacture, whether such Dispute shall happen or arise between them respecting the Reduction or Advance of Wages, or any Injury or Damage done or alleged to have been done to the Work, or respecting any Delay or supposed Delay in finishing the Work, or the not iinishing such Work in a good and workmanlike Manner; and also in all Cases where the Weavers are to be employed to work any new Pattern which shall require them to purchase any new Implements of Manufacture, or to make any Alteration upon the old Implements for the Working thereof, and the Masters and Weavers cannot agree upon the Compensation to be made to such Weavers for or in respect thereof; and also respecting the Length, Breadth, or Quality of all Pieces of Cotton Goods whether mixed or unmixed with other Materials, or the Yarn thereof, or the Quantity and Quality of the Woof thereof, and in all Cases of Dispute or Difference whatsoever, arising or happening by and between the Mailers and Weavers or Persons employed in such Branch of the said Manufacture out of, for or touching such Trade or Manufacture, so far as such Disputes relate to such Branch of the same, w'hich cannot be otherwise mutually adjulled and settled*by and between them, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the County, Stewartry, City, Burgh, or Place in which the Dispute shall arise, and he is hereby required, on Complaint made before him, and Proof by the Examination of the Party making such Complaint, that Application has been made to the Person or Persons against whom such Cause of Complaint has arisen, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, if such Dispute has arisen with such Agent or Agents, to settle such Dispute, and that the same has not been settled upon such Complaint being made, or where the Dispute relates to a bad Warp, that such Cause of Complaint has not been done away within forty-eight Hours after such Application, to summon before him such Person or Persons, or Agent or Agents, on some Day not exceeding two Days, exclusive of Sunday, from the making such Complaint, giving Notice to the Person making such Complaint of the Time and Place appointed in such Summons for the Attendance of such Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, as aforesaid; and if at such Time and Place the Person or Persons so fumraoned shall not appear by himself, or

6 fend

m3

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 151.

fend some Person on hie, her, or their Behalf, to settle such Dispute, or appearing shall not do away such Canfc of Complaint, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Just ice, and he is hereby required, at the Request of either of the said Parties, to nominate Referees for the settling the Matters in Dispute, and such Justice shall then and there at such Meeting propose one Referee on the Part and Behalf of the Matter or Agent aforesaid, who shall be a Matter Manufacturer, or Agent or Foreman of some Matter Manufacturer; and where such Matter Manufacturer, Agent, or Foreman cannot be found, it shall be lawful for such Justice to propose some Workman having a competent Knowledge of the Manufacture on the Part of the said Matter or Agent; and the said Justice shall then and there propose another Referee on the Part and Behalf of the Workman, who shall be some Workman having a competent Knowledge of that Branch of the Manufacture with regard to which such Dispute shall have arisen (such respective Referees residing in or near to the Place where the Meeting for such Reference shall be to be held), and it shall be lawful for any such Manufacturer, Agent, or Foreman, or such Workman, or any Person attending for them respectively, peremptorily, and without assigning any Reason, to challenge any Referee so proposed; and the Justice shall in such Case immediately propose another Person of the like Description as aforesaid, who may also be peremptorily challenged, and if so challenged, the Justice shall in such Case propose another such Person of the like Description as aforesaid, who may also be peremptorily challenged, so as that each Party may have two peremptory Challenges without assigning any Cause; but if the Persons so proposed as Referees shall not be so challenged, or if either of such Parties shall not attend at any such Meeting to make any such Challenge, the Persons so proposed, or in the Event of all the Challenges hereby allowed being made, the Persons thereupon proposed by the said Justice shall be nominated Referees to settle such Dispute, and the said Justice shall thereupon appoint a Place of Meeting according to the Directions of this Act, and also a Day for the Meeting, Notice of which Nomination, and of the Time of Meeting shall thereupon be given to the Persons so nominated Referees, and to any Party to any such Dispute who may not have attended the Meeting before such Justice as aforesaid, which Appointment shall be b; such Justice certified in the Form following 5 that is to say,

I A.B. one of the Justices of Peace acting for do hereby certify, that C. D

and E. F. are by me duly nominated Referees to settle the Matters in Difference between G. //. of

Matter Manufacturer or Agent, or Foreman of, (at the Case may be, ) and I. K. of, Weaver,

pursuant to an Act passed in the forty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and that the said Referees are hereby directed to meet at on the Day of

4 at of the Clock.'A. B/

II. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all Complaints by any Weaver as to bad Materials, shall be made within four Weeks of his receiving the fame; and all Complaints arising from any other Cause shall be made within three Days after such Caule of Complaint shall arise, and that it shall not be allowable to any Manufacturer who shall have received into his Possession any Cotton Cloth without Objection made by himself or his Clerk or Foreman, afterwards to make any Complaint on account of Work so received.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cases where Complaints are made respecting bad Warps cr Utensil8 by Workmen, the Place of Meeting of the Referees shall be at, or as near as may be to, the Place where the Work shall be carrying on, and in all other Cases at, or as near as may be to, the Place or Places where the Work has been given out.

IV. Provided lalfo, and be it enacted, That if any Person so complaining as aforesaid, shall not attend or fend some Person on his or her Behalf at the Time and Place appointed by such Justice of the Peace for the Purpose of naming Referees as aforesaid, such Person shall not, in such Case, be entitled to the Benefit of this Act; and if any Person against whom any such Complaint shall have been made as aforesaid, shall not attend, or fend some Person on his or her Behalf, the Justice of the Peace shall nevertheless proceed to nominate Referees, and the Person making such Default shall in that Case be deprived of all Right of Challenge under this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Referees shall meet at the Time and Place fixed by the Justice of the Peace by whom such Referees were appointed, and shall, by Inspection of the Work in regard to which the Dispute may have arisen, by hearing and examining the Parties, or any other Persons on their Behalf, or that attend to give Evidence respecting the Matters in Dispute, or by otherwise ascertaining the true State of the Case, in such Manner as to such Referees shall appear necessary, proceed to determine the Matteror Matters in Dispute referred to them; and the Award to be made by such Referees shall be final and conclusive between the Parties, without being subject to Review or Challenge by any Court whatsoever 5 but in case such Referees, so appointed, cannot agree upon and decide such Matter or Matters in Dispute so referred as aforesaid, or shall not make and sign their Award within three Days after the Date of the Order of such Justice, certifying their Appointment, and then the said Referees shall without Delay go before the Justice by whom they were appointed, and, in case of his Absence or Indisposition, before any other of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County, Stewartry, City, Burgh, or Place, and residing neared to the Place where the Meeting to settle such Dispute shall have taken place, and shall date to such Justice or Justices who may be present, the Points in Difference between them the said Referees, which Points in Difference the said Justice or Justices shall and is and are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine upon the Statement of the Referees, and the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby directed and required to settle and determine the Matter in Dispute, with all possible Dispatch, and in all Cases, within the Space of two Days after the Expiration of the Time hereby allowed to the Referees to make and sign their Award; and the Determination of such Justice or Justices shall be final and conclusive between the Parties so differing as aforesaid, without bting subject to Review by any Court w hatsoever.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if either of the said Referees shall refuse or delay to go before the said Justice or Justices, such Justice or Justices are hereby empowered and required to determine the Matter in Dispute upon the Statement and Representation of the Referee who shall come before him or them.

43 Geo. III. 7C VII. Provided

Per ods within

which Complaint shall be made.

Places of Meeting of Referee*.

Party tv t attending flail lof if Complainant, Benefit of tin* A«5I, and if complained of, h*Right of Challenge.

Referees shall determine within three Days or refer to a Justice, who shall determine withi* twa Days.

Justice may determine upo* Statement olone Referee.

i 114

Just ice, on Refusal of Referees lo may manie others.

Where a second Rcleree does not attend, the other Party's Referee may determine.

Punishing Witnesses not attending.

Arbitration may proceed in Ai>-i'ence of Parties.

Parties may extend the Pei iod limited for Award.

Award shall be written on the Just ice's Order.

Acknowledg-

mentoffulfilling an Avrard.

Penalty for not fuelling Award, 10l. &c.

Agents, Servants, and Partners liable as Piincipals, ice.

Proceedings in Case.'* of Bankruptcy of Mailer.

C. 151. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case either or both of the said Referees so appointed shall refuse or delay to accept such Reference, or accepting, shall not aft therein, the Justice shall proceed to name another Person or other Persons of the Descriptions aforesaid, to be Referee or Referees in the Place of such Referee or Referees so refilling or delaying to accept, or who shall not aft; and the Party or Parties shall have the same Power of Challenge in the Case of a second Nomination, as is given by this Act in the Case of a full Nomination, provided always that such Party has not already exercised the same j and in every Case of a second Nomination, the Referees shall meet within twenty-four Hours after the Application for the fame, and at the same Place at which the Meeting of the Referees hrft named was appointed; and the Expence of every such Application for the Appointment of a second Referee, shall be borne and defrayed by the Party through whose Default or the Default of whose Referee such Application is rendered necessary.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where a second Referee shall be appointed as aforesaid, and such second Referee shall not attend at the Time and Place appointed for settling the Matters in Dispute, it shall be lawful for the other Referee, at such Time and Place, to prroceed by himself to the hearing and determining of the said Matters in Dispute; and in such Case the Award of such foie Referee shall be final and conclusive as to all Matters in Dispute submitted to such Referees without being subject to Review, Appeal, or Suspension.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons summoned as Witnesses on any Question under this Act, by any Justice or Justices of the Pealce, shall be liable and subject to such Punishment or Penalties for any Neglect, Default, or Refusal to attend, as may be inflicted or levied by any Law in Force in Scotland for such Offence, Neglect, or Default.

X. And be it further enacted, That if either of the said Parties shall neglect or refuse to attend the said Referees or Referee, they or he may, notwithstanding, proceed to make their or his Award in the same Manner a9 if such Party had attended.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Parties by and between whom the said Reference shall take place as aforesaid shall think it expedient or be desirous to extend the Time hereby limited, for the making of the Award or Umpirage, it shall and may be lawful for them to extend the same accordingly by Indorsement (according to the Form in the Schedule hereunto annexed) on the Back, of the Order of the Justice of Peace, certifying the Appointment of the Referees, to be signed by both of them in the Presence of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, any Thing hcreii»b<3bre contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Award or Umpirage to be made upon any Reference demanded under this Act, shall and may be dravyn up and written at the Foot or upon the Back of the said Order, certifying the Appointment of the Referees, according to the Form in the Schedule hereunto annexed, any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That upon Fulfilment of the Award or Umpirage the same shall be acknowledged by the Party in whose Behalf the same Was made by an Acknowledgment at the Foot of the said Award in the Form of the Schedule hereunto annexed, which with the Award shall thereupon be delivered to the Party fulfilling the fame; and if either Party shall refuse or delay to fulfil the said Award or Umpirage for the Space or Term of two Days after the same shall have been reduced into Writing, the Party so refusing or delaying shall forfeit and pay to the Party in whose Favour the said Award or Umpirage shall be made, the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered in a summary Way before one or more JuRict or Justices of the Peace, for the County, Stewartry, City, Burgh, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, and the Conviction for the fame, according to the Form of the Schedule hereunto annexed, may be had and made upon the Production of the Award or Umpirage undischarged; and in case any such Forfeiture or Penalty shall not be forthwith paid pursuant to such Conviction, such Justice or Justices shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Effeth, together with all Coils and Charges attending such Distress or Sale, and in case no sufficient Distress can be had, such Justice or Justices shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, commit the Offender to the Common Gaol or some House of Correction, within his or their Jurisdiction, there to remain without Bail for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than two Calendar Months.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Work shall have been delivered to any Workman by the Agent or Servant of any Master or Masters to be when finiftied delivered to such Agent or Servant, and also where two or more Persons shall carry on the Business of such Manufacture as Partners, in every such Case respectively the like Proceedings directed by this Act shall and may be had against such Agent, Servant, or any Partner, and shall be as effectual as if the same had been had and made against the Principal or-against all the Partners, and all the said Persons respectively shall obey the Award made thereupon, and all such Order or Orders as shall be made by the said Justice or Justices in or respecting the Matter? in Dispute, and shall be subject to the same Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures for refilling or delaying to abide by or perform the said Order, as if the Proceedings had been had against the Principal or all the Partners.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all Cafe9 where any Proceeding may be had against any Master or Masters under this Act, or where such Proceedings shall have been commenced, and the wader or Matters shall become or be Bankrupt, or any Assignment of his or their Estate or Effects shall have been made under the said Bankruptcy, or otherwise by Deed or in Law, the Factor or Trustee upon or the Assignee or Assignees of such Estate or Effects shall be liable to the Proceedings authorized by this Act against the Master or Masters as fully as the Master or Masters wa3 or were before the Bankruptcy or Assignment; and such Proceedings may be commenced or carried on against such Factor or Trullee, or Assignee or Assignees, who shall fulfil and abide by the Award made thereupon, and all such Order or Orders as shall be made by the said Justice or Justices in or respecting the Matters in Dispute, and shall be subject to the same Pains, Penal-

6 ties,

u.

A.D. 1805.

2115

43° GEORGII III. C. 151.

ties, and Forfeitures for refiling or delaying to abide by or perform the faitoe as if the Proceeding had been had against the Matter or Matters before his or their Bankruptcy or the Assignment of his or their Estate or Effects: Provided that all Sums of Money to be paid in pursuance of such Award or Orders shall be recoverable only out of the Estate or Effects of such Mailer or Matters, and not out of the proper Money of such Factor or Trustee or Assignee or Assignees.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That where any married Woman or Infant under the Age of twenty-one For fouling Years shall have Cause of Complaint in any of the Cases provided for by this Act against any Mailer or Mailers, Complain*.* hY his or their Agent, or Servant, or Factor, or Trustee, or Assignee or Assignees as aforesaid, such Complaint ^jn* may be lodged and all further Proceedings thereupon had by and in the Name of the Husband of such married r " 4n* Woman, and of the Father, or, if dead, of the Mother, or if on the Death of both Parents, of any of the

Kindred of any such Infant, and of the Surety or Sureties in any Indenture of Apprenticeship of any such Infant being an Apprentice, and such Proceedings shall be as effectual and as valid and binding as if such married Woman was Sole, and such Infanta were of full Age, and pursued by themselves, the Remedies prescribed by this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Coils, Time, and Expences attending the Applications to Juf- Costs fluff bo

tices to be made under this Act, and of the Reference pursuant thereon, shall be settled by the Referees or ascertained 4T Referee by whom such Dispute fh^Il be settled; and where the same shall be determined by any Justice or or

Justices of the Peace upon the Statement of the Referees or Referee in Manner herein directed, then the

Costs, Time, and Expences aforesaid shall be settled by such Justice or Justices; and where the Referees appointed as aforesaid cannot agree as to the Costs, Time, and Expences to be allowed, the Tame shall be settled by the Justice of the Peace by whom the said Referees or Referee were or was named, or in his Absence by any other Justice or Justices of the Peace for the same County or Stewartry.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the following and no higher Fees shall be allowed to be taken foi* Fee* on

any Proceeding under this Act; Proceedings.

To the Clerk of the Justice or Justices,

For each Summons, Four-pence;

For every Oath or Affirmation, Four-pence

For drawing and entering the Order, Six-pence;

For every Warrant, Six-pence;

For every Conviction, one Shilling

To the Constable or other Peace Officer,

For Service of Summons or Order, Four-pence

For executing Warrant of Distress and Sale of Goods, one Shilling and Six-pence

For Custody of Goods distrained, per Diem> Four-pence

For every Mile he shall travel, Four-pence; and a Table of Fees signed by the Clerk to such Justice or Justices shall be hung up in every Place where any General, Quarter, or other Sessions of the Pefcee shall be held.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases the Length of the Web for which the Workman is to be paid, shall be ascertained hv the Standard Ell of forty-five Inches.

XX. And be it further enacted, That with every Warp given out by the Manufacturer to a Workman to be wove, there shall be delivered a Ticket, denoting the Work to be done adapted to each Branch of the Manufacture, Hating the Quantity and Fineness of the Warp in plain Warps, whether white or coloured, and in all Cases the Quantity and Denomination of the Work to be performed* and the Rate and Price to be paid for the same, according to the Standard Ell, if done in a workmanlike Manner, which Ticket shall be signed by the Manufacturer or the Person employed by him to give out Work; and which Ticket, in the Event of Disputes between the Mailer and Weaver, shall be Evidence of all Matters and Things mentioned therein, or respecting the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Master, Foreman, or Agent refusing or neglecting to give a Ticket in the Manner hereby prescribed, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding ten Shillings, nor less than five Shillings for each Failure or Neglect, to any Person or revfons who shall sue for the lame, to be recovered and applied in the same Manner as other Penalties may be recovered and applied by this Act: Provided always, That no Appeal shall be competent against any Conviction for any such Penalty.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cases respecting mounting or getting up new Patterns, the Sum, if any, that shall be agreed between the Master and Workman to be paid, or the Manner in which the Workman is to be eoroper.fated for mounting, shall be distinguished in every such Ticket from the Price to be paid for working.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cases of Dispute that may arise between Weavers and Perfun9 employed by them, or which may arise between Mailers and Persons engaged in ornamenting Cotton Goods with the Needle, it shall and may be lawful for any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the County, Stewjrtry, City, Burgh, or Place, where such Dispute shall happen, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint being made to him in the Manner directed by this Act, to appoint two Persons, being either Manufacturers, or the Foremen or Agents of Manufacturers, or other Persons who have a competent Knowledge of that Branch of the Manufefture about which such Dispute may have arisen, which Persons so appointed shall examine into and inspect the Work or Materials hi regard to which such Dispute shall have arisen, and shall otherwise proceed to determine the said Matter or Matters in Dispute, in the Manner directed by this Act; and all the Proceedings, Rules, Directions, Matters, and Things shall take Place, and be followed and observed in and for the Settlement of such Disputes, as by this Act arc provided in these Cases of Dispute where Referees are directed to be appointed by this Act.

7 C 2 XXIV. Provided

Standard £1) shall be the Rule.

Tickets of Par. ticulars shall be given out with the Work.

Penalty for refuting Ticker, 10s. to 5s.

No Appeal. Nov Pattern* shall be distinguished in the Ticket.

Disputes respetfing ornamenting Cotton Goods with the Needle, may be referred in like Manner.

Award, &C«

may be on un--damped Paper.

Appeal to Quarter Sessions. [Butfee $ «.]

NoMasterlfcalJ act af a Justice.

No Repeal of former Acts beyond a certain Extent.

[Sf'e i Amu Jt. 2. c. 18.]

13 G. 2. c. 8.

[22 <7. 2. C. 47.J 23 <7. 2. c. 13.]

/ 9-

17 Cr, 3 <*. 56*

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Award or Umpirage, .Ticket, Matter, or Thing under and by virtue of this Act, shall and may be drawn up and written upon undamped Paper, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in nnywise notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it (Kail and may be lawful for any Person convicted before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of any Offence against this Act, to appeal to the Justices of the reace assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions or adjourned Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the County, Stewartry, City, Burgh", or Place, wherein such Conviction shall be made, such Person so appealing giving immediate Notice of such Appeal, and finding sufficient Sureties in the Sum of five Pounds each, and entering into his or her own Recognizance before such Justice or Justices before whom he shall be so convicted as aforesaid, in the Sum of ten Pounds, to appearand prosecute every Appeal with Effect; and the Justices of the Peace at such General Quarter or Adjourned Sessions of the Peace are hereby authorized and required, on every such Appeal being made, and on reasonable Notice thereof given to the other Party, finally to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order, and award such Colts therein, as they in their Discretion shall fee meet; and which said Order and Determination shall be final and conclusive to all Parties; and ho Bill of Advocation or Suspension shall be competent against any such Proceedings or De-termination.

Limitation of Actions against Justices, tffc. under this Act six Months. Act may be given in Evidence.

i Costs to Defender^, §26, 27."

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Justice of the Peace, being also a Master Cotton Weaver, shall act as such Justice under this Act, any Thing herein contained, or any former Statute, Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. u Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form, §29, "

XXX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, abridge, annul, or make void any of the Clauses, Provisions, Remedies, or Powers contained in the several Acts made and passed in the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and in the thirteenth and twenty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or in-any or either of them; or in any other Act or Acts relating to the Powers of Justices of the Peace, unless in so far as altered by this Act, or to the said Trade heretofore made and passed, fofaras the same enact, provide, or inflict any Pains, Penalties, and Punishments upon, or against such Workmen, and so far as the same enact, provide, or afford any Remedy or Remedies to the Matters against the Workmen engaged in the said Trade or Manufacture save and except where Referees have been appointed in the Manner arrested by this Act), any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

" Publick Act, $31."

FORM of the AWARD to be written at the Foot or upon the Back of the Order of the Justices of Peace certifying

the Reference.

I. K, and L. M. (name and describe the Referees) the Referees appointed to settle the Matters in Dispute between the Parties within named, (I. K. one of the Referees (o appointed, or L. M\ the other Referee appointed, having failed to attend, or I N. 0. the Justice as the Case may be) do hereby adjudge and determine, that (here set forth the Determination; to which the Referees or Referee or Justice as the Case may be, shall subscribe their Names.)

FORM of INDORSEMENT extending the Time limited for making the Award.

/"E A.B. and C.D. Parties to the within Reference, do hereby agree to extend the same to the

Day of inclusive. Witness our Hands this Day

Witness A.B.

CD.

FORM of ACKNOWLEDGMENT of Fulfilment of the AWARD to be written at the Foot thereof.

I A.B. do hereby acknowledge that the above Award has been fulfilled by C. D.9 who is hereby discharged of the same. Witness my Hand this Day of

Witness # A.B.

FORM' of CONVICTION for refusing or delaying to fulfil the Award.

TJE it remembered that on the Day of in the

Year of his Majesty's Reign, and in the Year of our Lord A.B. is convicted before me (or name the Justices of the Peace for the County, Stewartry, City, Burgh, or Place of that the said A.B. has refused or delayed to submit to the Award within the TSmc

limited, contrary to the Statute made in the Year of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act (here set forth the Title of the Act) and I (or we) the said Justice or Justices) do hereby adjudge and determine the said A.B.9 for the said Offence to forfeit and lose the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain} and do order the same to be forthwith paid by him, (her, or them, as the Case may be.)

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III. C. 152.

CAP. CHI.

An Act to amend so much of an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the further preventing his Majesty's Subjects from trading to the East Indies under foreign Commissionsy and for encouraging and further securir\g the lawful Trade thereto, and for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet 5 as relates to the said Pilots. # [11th August 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the further preventing his Majesty's Subjects from trading to the East Indies under*foreign Commissions, and for encouraging and further J'ecurivg the lawful Trade thereto; and for further regulating the Pilots 0/*Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, it was enabled, that it should be lawful for the Lord War- den of the Cinque Ports, for the Time being, or his Deputy, with the Assent of the Commissioners of Load Manage and of the Mailers and Wardens of the Society or Fellowship of Pilots of the Trinity House of the*Cinque Ports, or the major Part of them, at an Assembly commonly called A Court of Load Manage, to be held by the said Lord Warden, or his Deputy, during the Continuance of an Act of the third Year of his said late Majesty's Reign therein mentioned, to make such Rules and Orders for the better Government and Regulation of the Pilots residing-at Dover, Deal\ and the Ife of Thanet, as should be thought tit and convenient ;and to order and direct a proportionable and sufficient Number of the respective Pilots residing at Dover, Deal9 4 and the Isle of Thanet, not less than eighteen, to ply constantly at Sea at all seasonable Times, to be ready to*conduct such Ships and Vessels up the Rivers of Thames and Medway, as fhoyld have Occasion for them; and that it should be lawful for the said Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports for the Time being, or his Deputy, with such Assent as aforesaid, and at such Court of Load Manage as aforesaid, to suspend or deprive any of the said Pilots for breaking such Rules or Orders, or omitting any Thing required by the fame, or for acting*anyway contrary to such Rules or Orders; and if any of the said Pilots to suspended or deprived, during the Time of such Suspension or Deprivation should take upon him or themselves to conduct any Ship or Vessel by or from Dovery Deal, or the Ife of Thanet, to any Place or Places in or upon the said Rivers 01 Thames or Medway, such Pilots should be liable to all such Pains and Penalties, to be recovered in like Manner and Form, as are provided by an Act of the third Year of his said late Majesty's Reign therein mentioned against such Persons*as should conduct Ships from and to the Places aforesaid without being first examined and approved as in the fame last mentioned Act is exprtffed: And whereas the f?.; d Provisions in the said recited Act have by sub- sequent Statutes been continued to the twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six And whereas divers Rules and Orders have been made by the said Lord Warden, or his Deputy, with the*Assent of the Commissioners of Load Manage and of the Mailers and Wardens of the Society or Fellowship of*Pilots of the Trinity House of the Cinque Ports, at an Assembly commonly called A Court of Load Manage, but the same have been found ineffectual, by reason that the Power of punishing by suspending or depriving any of the said Pilots from breaking such Rules or Orders, is by the said Act given and limited to be exercised f by the said Lord Warden, with such Assent as aforesaid, and at such Court of Load Manage as aforesaid, which - Court cannot be assembled at such Times and t laces as the Occasion of exercising such rower of Punishment f as aforesaid requires: And whereas it is expedient that the said Lord Warden, or his Deputy, with such*Assent as aforesaid, and at such Court of Load Manage assembled as aforesaid, should have Power to make such Rules and Orders for the better Government and Regulation of the said Pilots, on Pain of Suspension or Deprivation of such Pilots as shall offend against the fame; and that the Lord Warden for the Time being, or his Deputy, the Lieutenant of Dover Castle, or his Deputy or Deputies, or any two of the Wardens of the said Society or Fellowship of Pilots residing at Dover or Deal, or any one of such Wardens residing at Rcmf gate or Margate, should have Power to hear and determine any Complaint against such Pilots for Breach of such Rules and Orders, and upon Conviction of such Pilots, to inflict such Punishment of Suspension or Deprivation as the said Rules and Orders may direct and the Case may require be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports for the Time being, or his Deputy, with the Assent of the Commissioners of Load Manage, and of the Masters and Wardens of the Society or Fellowship of Pilots of the Trinity House of the Cinque Ports, or the major Part of them, at an Assembly commonly called A Court of Load Manage, to be held by the said Lord Warden or his Deputy, shall within six Weeks after the passing of this Act, proceed to make, and mail make all such Rules and Orders for the better Government and Regulation of the Pilots residing at Dover, Deal, and the Ife of Thanet, as shall be by them thought fit and convenient, as well relating to the Services of the said Pilots in taking Charge of and conducting and navigating his Majesty's Ship9 and Vessels and the Ships and Vessels in his Majesty's Employ, and the Ships and Vessel of Merchants, up the said Rivers Thames and Medway, as to the Services of the said Pilots in conducting and navigating his Majesty's Ships and Vessels, and the Ships and Vessels in his Majesty's Employ on the Coasts of France, Flanders, and Holland, and to the Baltic Sea, and for effectually securing to his Majesty the Performance of such Services 5 which Rules and Regulations when so roade, shall be forthwith printed, and Copies thereof delivered to every Member of the said Society, and also to every new Member of the said Society on his Election.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Riot belonging to the said Society or Fellowship of Pilots shall hereafter, contrary to such Rules and Orders as aforesaid, refuse or neglect, upon being duly warned for that Purpose, to take Charge of and to navigate and conduct any Ship or Vessel, or shall Dreak such Rules and Orders in any othon Respect, or omit any Thing required by such Rules and Orders to be done by him, then and in either of such Cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports for the Time being, or his Deputy, or the Lieutenant of Dover Castle for the Time being, or his Deputy or

Deputies,

1117

7 G. 1. ft. x. C. 21. §14.

Wat den of the Cinque Pojt«# or h.\ Deputy, viih AiTeiU of C 'Uti of Load Manage, shall xvithm fix Wet ks make Rults and Gr-citr< fur ihc Regulation of Pilots at Diner, &c.

Rules shall be printed.

Pilots refuting to obey such Rules, may he con\ idted by Laird Wat den, ftl.

Convi^ t ins shall h? rt turned to Owl ot Load Manage.

Party aggrieved may appeal to I tie Court of Load Manage.

Penalty on Pilots navigating Vef-jfels during their ^SuipeuTion, ioI.

U C a. c. it.

Duiing Hostili-ties, Italian Or-ganrined Thrown Silk may be imported in any Vessel from Places in Amity.

i\V. Sc M. c. 9.

Act shall not extend to certain Thrown Silks.

C. 152*153. 43 GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Deputies, or to or for any two of the Warden! of the said Society or Fellowftiip of Pilots redding at the Place where Cuch Pilot fa refusing shall then be, if at Dover or Deal, or any one of such Wardens if at &amf> gate or Margate, on Complaint upon Oath made to him or them (which Oath he and they respectively are hereby authorized to administer), by any Person or Persons concerning the Breach of any such Rule or Order by any such Pilot a^aforesaid, to hear and determine the said Complaint, and upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or Confession of the Party charged by such Complaint, to convict such Party, and to inflid such Punirtiment, or Suspension or Deprivation as the Rule or Order which shall have been broken may authorize and allow; and the said Lord Warden, or his Deputy, and other Persons hereby authorized to hear and determine such Complaints, shall return such Conviction to the Court of Load Manage to be held next after such Conviction.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved by any such Conviction to appeal against the same to the Court of Load Manage for the said Cinque Ports to be holden next after such Conviction, upon which Appeal it shall and may be lawful to and for such Court to enquire into the Circumstances of the Case, as well upon the Oath of the said Pilot as of any other Persons, which Oath and Oaths the said Court is hereby authorized and empowered to administer, and to confirm, mitigate, or cjuafli such Conviction, as the Circumstances of the Case in their Judgment and Discretion may seem to require: Provided nevertheless, that such Conviction, notwithstanding such Appeal, shall, till the Reversal of the same on such Appeal, be in such Force and Effect as if the same had been filial and condusive, and had not been subject to any Appeal whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case of such Pilot or Person, during the Time of his Suspension or Deprivation as aforesaid, shall take upon himself directly or indirectly to pilot or navigate, or to be assisting in the piloting or navigating of any Ship or Vessel by or from Dover, Deal, or the JJle of Thanet, to any Place or Places whatsoever in or upon the said Rivers of Thames or Medway, or upon the Coast of France, Flanders, or Holland, or to the Baltic Sea, such Pilot shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of ten Pounds, to be sued for and recovered with full Costs of Suit by any Person or Persons, by Suit or Action to be brought in the Court of Admiralty for the Cinque Ports, or otherwise, at the Option of such Person or Persons, oy Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; one Moiety of which said Sum so to be forfeited and recovered shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to the Master and Wardens of the said Society for the Time being, to be by them distributed to and among such superannuated Pilots and the Widows of Pilots of the said Society, in like Manner and Proportion as the said Master and Wardens for the Time being shall think fit and appoint, and as heretofore hath been used and practised by the said Society.

CAP. CLIII.

An Act to permit, during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Ve(Tds> from States in Amity with his Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize; and to empower his Majesty, by Order in Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Copper; and to permit the Importation, in neutral Vessels, from States not in Amity with his Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize. f 12th August 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in England in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Se- cond, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and encreasing of Shipping and Navigation, and by several other Acts now in Force in the United Kingdom, and in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, the Im*

1 portation of the several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize in this Act enumerated, is prohibited, unless the same shall be imported in the Manner and according to the Regulations prescribed by the said Acts: And whereas it is expedient to permit, during the Continuance of Hostilities, the Importation into the United Kingdom of the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Manner and under the Regulations in this Act prescribed be it therefore enacted, by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of Hol-tilities, and until six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to import or bring into the United Kingdom, from any Port or Place in Amity with his Majesty, in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, Organzined Thrown Silk, of the Growth or Production of Italy; any Thing contained in an Act made in England in the second Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for discouraging the Importation of Thrown Sill, or in any other Act or Acts in Force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to give Liberty to import any Italian Thrown Silk, that shall be coarser than a Sort thereof known and distinguished by t!; e Name of third Bolonia, nor any Sorts of Silks commonly called Tram, of the Growth of Italy, nor any ou.er Thrown Silk of the Growth or Production of Turkey, Persia, East India, or China, under the Penalty of; jr-feiting all such Thrown Silks as shall be brought over and imported contrary to the Purport, true Intent, and Meaning of this Act; one Moiety whereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall seize, inform, or sue for the fame, to be recovered in such Manner and Form as Goods forfeited may be recovered by any Law relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Customs in Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

III.« And

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 153.

III. 1 And for the better and more eifcdual Execution of this Act, and to prevent the Importation of any Sort of Thrown Silks not organzined; be it further enacted and declared, That all such Organzined Thrown Silk as is allowed to be imported by this Act, if landed in any Part of Great Britain, shall be brought to his Majesty's Custom House at London, to the Intent that no other Sort of Thrown Silk may be imported than that allowed by thi6 Ad, under the Penalty of forfeiting all such Thrown Silk as shall be imported contrary to the Purport, true Intent, and Meaning of this Act 5 one Moiety whereof shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall seize, inform, or sue for the fame, to be recovered in such Manner and Form as Goods forfeited may be recovered by any Law relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Customs in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, any Thing herein contained to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into the United Kingdom any Sort of Flax or Flax Seed, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, navigated by foreign Seamen, from any Port or Place whatsoever, upon the same Terms and Conditions, and subject to the same Duties, Ruler, Regulations, and Restrictions, in any respect as such Flax and Flax Seed would by any Law in Force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, have been subject and liable to, if the same had been imported in foreign Ships or Vessels of the Built of the Country or Place of which such Flax or Flax Seed was the Growth, Production, or Manufacture 5 any Thing in the said recited Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charls the Second, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, in Force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until six Months alter the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons admitted into and made free of the Company of Metchauts of England trading into the Levant Seas, commonly called or known by the Name of the Turkey Company, to import into the United Kingdom any Goods or Commodities, which have heretofore ufua'ly been imported from Turkey or JUgypt., or from any Place within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior within the Levant Seas, in any Ship or Vessel built in or belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, navigated according to Law, or in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, navigated by foreign Seamen, from any Port or Place whatsoever, upon Payment of the same Duties, if imported in Britjb or Irish built Ships, as the.like Goods would be subjtd and liable to if imported in Britjb or Irish built Ships, directly from the Place of their Growth, Frodudion, or Manufacture $ but if such Goods shall be imported in any foreign-built Ship or Vessel, then and in such Case the Goods so imported shall be subject to the Duties which such Goods would have been'subject and liable to if this Act had not been made; any Thing in the said recited Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, or any Act or Acts uf Parliament in Force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Entry shall be suffered to pass at any Custom House in the United Kingdom, for any such Goods of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Turkey or Egypt, or of any of the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, as before the passing of this Act might be imported only from such Ports or Places in the Streights or Levant Seas as are within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, or for any Drugs which would have been liable to the Payment of higher Duties, when not imported directly from the Place of their Growth or Production, and which, by the Authority of this Act, are permitted to be imported in Manner a fore la id, until the Person importing or entering the same shall produce to the Colkdor, or other proper Officer of his Majesty's Customs in Great Britain, and to the proper Officer of the Revenue in Ireland, at the Port of Importation, a Certificate under the Har d of the Collector of the Duties for the said Turkey Company, certifying, that such Person is free of the said Company, and that he has paid the Duties imposed on such Goods by the said Company, and has conformed in all respects to the Rules and Regulations of the said Company relative thereto.

VII. Provided always, That all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Produce of Countries within the Levant Seas, imported into Great Britain, under the Authority of this Act, shall be fu'drd and liable to the Duties payable to the Levant Company, in like Manner as if such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, had been imported into Great Britain directly from Turkey.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until six Months after the Ratitication of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, any Goods or Commodities which have been heretofore usually imported from any Port or Place in Europe within the Streights of Gibraltar (except such Goods or Commodities as might heretofore be imported only from such Ports or Places as are within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior), shall and may, during the Continuance of this .Ad, be imported and brought by any Person or Persons whatsoever into the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from any Port or Place whatsoever not being within the Dominions of the Grand Stignior, in any Ship or Vessel built in or belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, navigated according to Law; or in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, navigated with foreign Seamen, upon Payment of the same Duties, if imported in British or Ir'Jh built Ships, as the like .Goods would be subject and liable to if imported directly from the Place of their Growth, Production, or Manufacture, except Drugs, which, if imported by any Person or Persons not free of the Turkey Company, shall be subject to the like Duties as they would have been liable to if not imported directly from the Place of their Growth and Production, if this Act had not been made } and if any such Gooda shall be imported in any

foreign-

III9

Thrown Silk* landed in any Part of Great Britain shall be brought to the Custom House in London.

Flax or Flax* Seed may be imported in any Vessel of any Countiy in Amity, as in Ships of the Country where, grown.

Turkey Company may im-p rt Goods heretofore imported from Tu' kty, &t. either in Pritish or friendly Vessel* front any I*lace, on Payment of certain Duties, & e.

No Entry shall pass at any Custom House for fuc h G<*ods without Certificate that the Import ei i* free of the Company.

Such Goods shall be subjc&.iotbe Duties to the Levant C m-pany.

Goods bet etofore imp irted from Portscf Europe, m ithin the Strt ights of Gibraltar, S<c. (except from Dominions of Gi; md Seignior) may be linpoii-ed from any Place m>i within rhofe Domini n«, in British or liiendly Vef* fell, under certain Duties.

\V ate! tou fed Co iris may lie 11ken nut u trici Rcjulatiou* of

t: »i, a a.

Pitch, Timber, lie. nu; !»c impolled from i.*eir; »*»ty in Bui ill V' rti-Js.

r?, 14 C t.

«*. II.

His M.ijt fly, &c. may pro!»il»it the K\puri.iti.*tiof Copper for Nav.il S: orcs to Ports 111 Europe.

Salt may he imported from Poitut*.il in frientllvY'etTch, as in Portuguese VtflVls.

Wool may he i in ported into (iieal Britain, and Bat ilia, See. into It eland, from any PI., re, kt friendly'Vessels.

Goods imported in foreign Vessel* shall be liable to Alien Duties.

Importation of Goods from hof-tile Court f/»i*s made by virtue? of any Order in Cou^pil, shall be valid.

Goods speeifted in any Cider in Council may, during Hofttii-tie«, 8c-\ be im-potted lioni hurtile Count ties in fiiendly Vessel*.

C-I53-

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

foreign-built Ship or Vessel, then and in such Case the Goods so imported shall be subject to the Duties which such Goods would have been subject and liable to by Law, if this Act had not been made 5 any Thing in the said last mentioned Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament in Force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to take any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize out of any Warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged or dtpofited, under any Order of his Majesty in Council, or of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, and the Privy Council of Ireland, upon Payment of the like Duties, and subject to the same Rules and Regulations as such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize would have been liable unto if they had been imported by virtue of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of IIoAilities, and until six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, it shall and may be lawful to import into the United Kingdom, in British or Irish built Ships, owned and navigated according to Law, from any of the Ports of Germany, Pitch and Tar, as well as Deal Boards, Fir, and Timber, subject to such Duties, Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as such Goods would by any Law in Force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, have been subject and liable to, if the f?.me had been legally imported before the passing of this Act; any Thing in an Act passed in England in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of his Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in his Majesty's Customs, or in any other Act or Acts in Force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XL 4 And whereas the publick Safety may require temporary ReAramts upon the Exportation of Copper; be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty from Time to Time, by Proclamation or Order in Council, and in Ireland for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, and the Privy Council of Ireland, by Proclamation or Order in Council, whenever it shall seem expedient, to prohibit the Exportation of all Copper capable of being converted into a Naval Store, from any Port or Place within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to any Port or Place within the Limits of Europe,

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, it mall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to import or bring into the United Kingdom from Portugal any Salt, the Produce or Manufacture of Portugal\ in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, that shall belong to the Subject or Subjects of any State in Amity with his Majesty, and such Salt shall be imported upon Payment of the like Duties, and shall be subject to the like Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as Salt imported in Ships of the Built or belonging to any of the Subjects of the Kingdom of Portugal; aQy Thing in the before-mentioned Act, or in any other Act or Acts in Force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, it shall be lawful for any Person to import into any Port or Place into Great Britain, all Sorts of Wool, and to import into that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, all Sorts of Barilla, Jesuits Bark, Linen Yarn, Hemp, Indigo, Cochineal, Wool and Cotton Wool, from any Country or Place whatsoever, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, navigated by foreign Seamen; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such Goods as shall, in pursuance of this Act, be imported into the United Kingdom in any foreign Ship or Vessel, shall be subject and liable to the Aliens, and all other Duties, in the same Manner as they could be liable to by Law, if such Ships were of the Built of the Country of which the Goods are of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture.

XV. 4 And whereas, since the present Hostilities have commenced, Orders of Council have been made for granting Licences, and Licences have accordingly been granted to permit the Importation of certain Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize, being British or neutral Property, contrary to the Laws now in Force, which Importations were necessary during the Time of Hostilities, and ought to be justified by Law: And whereas it is expedient that his Majesty, by Order in Council, and, in Ireland, that the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, and the Privy Council of Ireland, should be authorised to permit, during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the*Importation, in any neutral Ships whatsoever, of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from any Port or Place belonging to any Kingdom or State not in Amity with his Majesty; be it therefore furtl cr enacted, That excry Importation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, made by virtue of any such Order and Licence so heretofore made and granted as aforesaid, shall be deemed andnaken to be good in Law 5 any Thing in the said recited Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, or any other Act made for the Amendment or Explanation thereof, or in any other Act or Acts now in Force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary in any wise not w'ithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by Order in Council, and, in Ireland, for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor 01 Governors, and the Privy Council of Ireland, by Order in Council, from Time to Time, when and as often as the same shall be judged expedient, to permit during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, as shall be specified in any such Order in Council, to be imported from any Port or Place belonging to any Kingdom or State not in Amit) with his Majesty, in Ships belonging to the Subjects of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty; any Law now in Force

7 in

11 2 I

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 153, 154.

ki the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all such Goods, Ware9, and Merchandize, when so imported as aforesaid, shall be liable to all Duties of Customs and Excise, and shall be subject to all Rules, Regulations, and Conditions, and to all Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach thereof, to which they would have been liable and subject if they had been imported into Great Britain or Ireland\ according to any Law or Lawrs in Force at the Time of the passing of this Act.

CAP. CLIV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain countervailing Duties on the Importation into Great Britain of refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Ireland; and for allowing additional Drawbacks or Bounties on the Exportation to Ireland of refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain, during the Continuance of certain Acts; and for allowing, until the first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and four, a Bounty on the Importation of Salmon and Cod Fish from the Island of Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador, into Great Britain and Ireland.

[12th August 1803.]

WHEREAS the Rate of the Duty of Customs on Sugar imported into Great Britain has been increased since the Union of Great Britain and Ireland: And whereas it is just and rea Ton a bit-in respect thereof, and pursuant to the Provisions contained in the Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland\ that additional Duties of Customs should be charged on all refined Sugar being of the Manufacture*of Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, sufficient to countervail such Increase of Duty on the raw Material be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifteenth Day of Auguf One thousand eight hundred and three, there shall be charged on any refined Sugar being of the Manufacture of Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, the several countervailing Duties of Customs as the same are respectively described and set forth in Figures in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked A. and B.; winch several countervailing Duties shall he in Addition to the countervailing Duties payable on any such refined Sugar under and by virtue of an Act passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Year of his present Majesty, for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland.

" Such countervailing Duties shall be managed as former countervailing Duties, §2."

III. And whereas it is just and reafoiiable, on account of the increased Rate of the Duty of Customs*charged on Sugar imported into Great Britain, that additional Drawbacks or Bounties should in respect*thereof be paid and allowed on refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain exported to Ireland; 9 be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the fifteenth Day of Auguf One thousand eight hundred and three, there shall be paid and allowed on the Exportation from Great Britain to Ireland of any refined Sugar being the Manufacture of Great Britain, the several and respective additional Drawbacks or Bounties as the same are respectively described and set forth in Figures in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked C. and D.: Provided always, that the said additional Drawbacks or Bounties respectively shall not be paid or allowed unless all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Conditions required by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, with respect to Drawbacks or Bounties payable on the Exportation from Great Britain to Ireland of any refined Sugar, are duly complied with.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the additional countervailing Duties granted, and the Drawbacks or Bounties allowed by this Act, as the same are respectively described and set forth in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked A. and C., shall remain in Force during the Continuance of the Duties on Sugar imported into Great Britain, granted by an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to repeal the Ditties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and that the additional countervailing Duties granted, and Drawbacks or Bounties allowed by this Act, as the same are respectively described and set forth in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked B. and D., shall remain in Force during the Continuance of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty during the present War, and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain, and no longer.

V. And be it further enacted, That the additional Bounty on refined Sugar exported from Great Britain, granted by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, ../fn Act for granting to his Majesty, during the present War, and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peacey additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vesselsin Great Britain, shall not be paid or allowed on any refined Sugar which shall be entered for Exportation before the fever.teenth Day of Auguf One thousand eight hundred and three; and that the said additional Bounty shall, not be paid or allowed on any refined Sugar which shall not have been actually shipped for Exportation within six Weeks after the Expiration of the said recited Act passed in the present St (lion of Parliament.

VI. 4 And whereas it is expedient that a Bounty should be allowed for a limited Time on the Importation of*faked and pickled Salmon, and salted dry Cold Fish from the Island of Newfoundland, and the Coast of 1 Labrador, into the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; be it therefore enacted, &c.

43 Geo. III. - D " Oa

Such Goods shall be subject to existing Duties and Rcgulalions.

C /titi!Pr\ailing Duties in 7 ablet A. and B. (in Addition tuthefe undei 19, 40c. c. 67. Sched.A.) charged on refined Sugar the Manufacture of Ireland imported into Great Britain.

Drawbacks in Tables C. and D. shall be paid on Exportation of refined Sugar from Great Britain to Ireland.

Continuance of Duties and Drawbacks, c. 68. (£v § to of that

c. 70. 18.

nf that Act.)

Towhat Extent additional Bounty on re-fined Sugar exported, g'abtw* ed 17 v. "o. G shall be a! 'v; d.

*132

£ During Continuance V annual Dutt 's on Sugar. S '^4. of this .iii.J

+ f During the War. See §4. of th'u Act, and 43 r?. 3. c. 70. 418.J

41 G. 3. c. 92.

repealed.

£, 154, 155. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

u. On Importation of pickled Salmon and dry Cod from the Island of Newfoundland) lie. a Bounty of 3s. per u Quintal, shall be paid, §6. Such Fish may be exported without Re-payment of Bounty, §7. Bounty to u be under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs in Great Britain, and of Revenue in Ireland. — 44 Fish shall be examined before Bounty paid, §6. Acts for securing the Duties on Salt shall not be affected, §9. u Bounty shall not be paid on any greater Quantity of Fish than expressed in the Manifest, §10. Penalty u on Persons fraudulently obtaining or entering Fish for the Purpose of obtaining Bounty, iool.^ti. " Such Bounty shall be paid as Bounties on Importation of Produce of British Fisheries, §12. \_All in the " same Terms as 41 G. 3. U.K. c. 77. $ 2, Provisions relating to Bounties on Fish shall continue till

May 1, 1804, §13."

TABLES to which this A refers.

TABLE (A.)

A TABLE of additional countervailing Duties of Customs payable* Ireland imported from thence into Great Britain.

Sugar refined, viz.

--Bastards, whole or ground, the Hundred Weight —

- Lumps, the Hundred Weight -

- Single Loaf, the Hundred Weight -

- Powder Loaf and Double Loaf, the Hundred Weight

Sugar Candy, Brown, the Hundred Weight -

- White, the Hundred Weight —

Sugar refined of any other Sort, the Hundred Weight —

on refined Sugar of the Manufacture of

Duty. £. t. d.

- O I 10

- 0 3

- O38

- o 3 11

- ° 3 5f

- o 3 11

- G 3 It

TABLE (B).

A TABLE of further additional countervailing Duties of Customs payable f on refined Manufacture of Ireland imported from thence into Great Britain.

Sugar refined, viz.

- Bastards, whole or ground, the Hundred Weight -

- Lumps, the Hundred Weight -

- Single Loaf, the Hundred Weight -

.. Powder Loaf and Double Loaf, the Hundred Weight -

Sugar Candy, Brown, the Hundred Weight -

- White, the Hundred Weight -

Sugar refined of any other Sort, the Hundred Weight -

Sugar of the

Dufy.

040

076

080

087

076

087

O87

TABLE (C.)

A TABLE of additional Drawbacks or Bounties to be paid or allowed on the Exportation of refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain exported from thence to Ireland.

[The Amount of these Drawbacks is exactly the same as the Amount of Duties in Table (A.)J

TABLE (D.)

A TABLE of further additional Drawbacks or Bounties to be paid or allowed on the Exportation of refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain exported from thence to Ireland.

{The Amount of these Drawbacks is exactly the same as the Amount of Duties in Table (B.)]

CAP. CLV.

An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein; and for establishing, until three Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or residing therein, in certain Cases.

[12th 1803.]

WHEREAS, under the present Circumstances, much Danger may arise to the publick Tranquillity from thf? Resort to and Residence of Aliens in this Kingdom, unless due Provision be made in respect thereof: And whereas an ActpafTed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing fevered 4 A3s for establishing Regulations reffeSm? 'Allens arriving in this Kingdom, or rest dent therein, in certain Cafest and for substituting other Provisions in lieu thereof: And whereas it is expedient that the said last-recited Act should be repealed, and further and other Provisions made during the present Hostilities with France for the Regulation of Aliens be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act of the forty-second Year aforesaid shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 155.

II. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall, by his or their Proclamation, or by his or their Order in Council, or Order under his or their Sign Manual, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, shall, by Proclamation or Order of Council in Ireland, direct that any Alien or Aliens who may be within the United Kingdom, or who may hereafter arrive therein, shall depart the United Kingdom within a Time limited in any such Proclamation or Order respectively, and any such Alien shall knowingly and wilfully refuse or neglect to pay due Obedience to such Proclamation or Older respectively, or shall be found in the United Kingdom, or any Part thereof, contrary to such Proclamation or Order, as* the Case may be, it shall be lawful for any of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or nis or their Chief Secretary, or for any Justice of the Peace, or for any Mayor or Chief Magistrate of any City or Place, to enufe every such Alien to be arrested, and to be committed to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where he or she shall be so arrested, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he or (lie shall be taken in Charge for the Purpose of being sent out of the United Kingdom; and if any such Alien, sent out of the United Kingdom in pursuance of any such Order or Proclamation, or any Order made by virtue of any of the Provisions of this Act as aforesaid, shall, without Licence for that Purpose by one of his Majesty's Secretaries of State, return into this Kingdom, such Alien, being duly convicted thereof, shall be transported for Life.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any one or more JuUices of the Peace or Magistrates before whom any such Alien shall be brought for so knowingly and wilfully refusing or neglecting to pay due Obedience to any such Proclamation or Order as aforesaid, or for being found in this Realm, or any Part thereof, contrary to such Proclamation or Order, to adjudge such Alien to suffer Imprisonment for any Time not exceeding one Month for the first Offence, and not exceeding two Months for the second Offence.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, in any Case in which he or they shall apprehend that any Alien will not pay immediate Obedience to any such Proclamation or Order as aforesaid, or in any Case in which any Alien shall have been arrested or committed for Refusal or Neglect to obey any such Order, or shall have been convicted of such Refusal or Neglect, or of any other Offence under this Act for which he or she shall be sentenced to be imprisoned, either before or during or after the Period of such Imprisonment, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to give such Alien in Charge to one of his Majesty's Messengers, or to any other Person or Persons to whom he shall think proper to direct such Warrant, in order to his or her being conduced out of this Realm.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That in every Case in which any Alien shall be convicted of any Offence under this Act, for which he or she shall be sentenced to be imprisoned, that it shall and may be lawful for the Magistrate before whom such Alien shall be convicted, and he is hereby required to transmit to one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, if in Great Britain, and to the Under Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor of Ireland\ if in Ireland*, the Copy of the Conviction, and the Circumstances of the Case on which such Alien shall have been so convicted, in order that such Alien shall be continued in Prison for the Period for which he shall have been committed, or be sent out of the Kingdom as aforesaid, as the Case may require.

VI. And be it further enacted, That during the Continuance of this Act, the Master or Commander of every Ship or Vessel which shall arrive in any Port or Place of this Kingdom, shall immediately on his Arrival, and before he shall be allowed to enter or land any Part whatever of the Cargo of the said Ship or Vessel, declare in Writing to the Collector and Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs at or near such Port or Place, whether there are, to the best of his Knowledge, any Aliens on board his said Vessel, and shall, in his said Declaration, specify the Number of Aliena, if any, on board his said Vessel, and also specify their Names and respective Ranks, Occupations, or Descriptions, as far as he shall be informed thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Alien shall be permitted to land in this Kingdom, until the Master or Commander of the Ship 01 Vessel in which such Alien shall have arrived shall have made the Declaration concerning Aliens on board his Ship or Vessel required by this Act, and shall have obtained from the proper Officer of the Customs a Permission in Writing to land such Alien; and in case any Alien, not being a Mariner actually engaged and employed as such in the Navigation of such Ship or Vessel, shall land in this Kingdom from any such Ship or Vessel, without such Permission first obtained, such Alien shall forthwith be taken into Custody, and carried before one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, who shall commit such Alien to one of his Majesty's Gaols, or to such other Custody as to such Justice shall seem fit, until his Majesty's Pleasure, or the Pleasure of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor as aforesaid, if in Ireland, concerning such Alien, shall be known; and the Master or Commander, or the Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit andlofe the Sum of fifty Pounds for every Alien so landed, unless he shall make it appear that such Alien was landed from such Ship or Vessel against the Will of such Master or Commander, or the Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, and one Moiety of such Penalty shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Informer; and it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise to detain such Ship or Vessel until such Penalty shall be paid; and any Boat or Vessel used in lauding any such Alien from the Ship or Vessel in which such Alien shall have arrived as aforesaid shall and may be -seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, and the same shall be forfeited, together with ail Tackle, Apparel, Ammunition, and Furniture thereunto respectively belonging.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Master or Commander of every Ship or Vessel so arriving as aforesaid, who shall neglect or refuse to make such Declaration as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds for each and every Alien who shall have been on board at the Time of the Arrival of each Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, whom he shall have wilfully negleiled or ref used so to declare as

7 D 2 aforesaid,

1123

Aliens not departing the United Kingdom when oroe ed 1 y Proclamation,

Scc. nuv be committed to Gaol; and fimh Aliensretutninj; without Licence shall be tianf. ported for Life.

Penalty on Aliens eifubey-ing any Proclamation, Inipiifonment.

One Secretary of State, or Lord Lieutenant, Sic, may grant Warrants to conduct Aliens out of tho Kingdom, not obeying Proclamations, See,

Copy of Conviction, and Circurnftancef of Alien, shall be transmiiicd to the Secictaiy of Stale, Sec,

Matters of V«(-fels shall give t > Officeis o! Customs a Declaration of the Names, &t\ of A'iens on board.

A*iens shall nrt land till M iller O* Wttc I has made the IVi la-ration k tji*: r< ct, and Peimillion be obtained, on Penr.liy ol ]riiprit\nn: ert.

Pen i'iy on M >lV.s lor lam.ing Act '<

ht; <[

5c; . pci- M in.

Tio, -u eudu lot a Lv.co g fu. foiled.

Penalty «.n C <r-lain* 0! Slup< I 1 ncJcNiling'to m; , kc Declaration of Alien*, sol. per Man.

Aliens arriving a, ft«r patting ihis Act, and Aliens departing, shall make a Declaration to the Officer of the Customs of their Name, Rank,r.

Penalty (on Conviction before a Just ice), Imprisonment*

Aliens shall receive Certificates from the Officers of the Customs.

Act shall not extend to Mariners certified to be employed in navigating V e fie Is.

Penalty on Matters refusing to give such Certificates,

15l. 5tc.

Arms shall be Seized if attempted to be b ought by Aliens other t^an as Merchandize.

Dis Maj- tty mny d: rect Aliens to land at particular Plates on'y.

Penalty on Matters for asking contrary to Such Direction, 40l. per Man, and Forfeiture of bhip.

No Aliens shall depart from Place of Arrival without a Pass-

t.

C. 155. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

aforesaid, one Moiety whereof shall be to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be recovered before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace ailing in and for the Division, City, Town, or Place, in which such Offence shall have been committed, by the CoDfcilion of the Party, or on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and in case such Master or Commander as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse forthwith to pay such Penalty as he shall be adjudged to pay in Manner aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for any Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, and every such Collector or Comptroller is, on due Notice of such Conviction and Adjudication, hereby required to detain such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid until the same shall have been paid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Alien who shall arrive at or in any Port or Place in the United Kingdom from and after the passing of this Act shall, immediately after such Arrival, declare in Writing to such Officer of the Customs as aforesaid, at or near such Port or Place, the Name of the Ship or Vessel in which he or she shall have come to this Kingdom; and every Alien who shall so arrive, and also every* Alien who shall depart from any Port or Place of this Realm from and after the passing of this A A, shall, immediately after such Arrival, or before such Departure respectively, declare in like Manner to such Officer as aforesaid his or her Name and Rank, Occupation or Description, or, if a Domestick Servant, then also the Name, Rank, and Description of his or her Master or Miflreis, or shall verbally make to such Officer as aforesaid such Declaration, to.be by him reduced to Writing, and shall also in like Manner declare the Country or Place from whence he or she shall then have come, and the Place to which he or she is then going, and his or her Profession or Occupation, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Person to whom (if any) he or she is known in this Kingdom; and that every such Alien coming into this Kingdom, who shall neglell to make Declaration of the aforesaid Particulars, or who shall wilfully make any falle Declaration thereof, may, for every such Offence, on Conviction thereof before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, or District, in which such Alien shall be found, be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding one Month.

X. And be it further enacted, That every such Alien so arriving as aforesaid shall obtain from the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, and such Officers are hereby respectively required to deliver to such Alien, a Certificate of his or her Declaration made in Writing, or verbally, containing all the Particulars in such Declarations contained.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this A A contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Mariner whom the Master or Commander of any Ship or Vessel, arriving in any Port or Place in this Kingdom, shall certify to such Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, in Writing, subscribed by such Master or Commander, to be actually engaged and employed in the Navigation of such Ship or Vessel, during the Time that such Mariner shall remain so actually engaged and employed, and which Certificate in Writing, so subscribed as aforesaid, every such Master or Commander as aforesaid is hereby required to give; and if any such Master shall refuse to give such Certificate as aforesaid to any Person entitled thereto, it shall be lawful for such Person to apply to any Justice of the Peace, who may thereupon summon such Master as aforesaid, and if, on hearing what shall be alleged and proved by each Party, such Justice shall be of Opinion that such Certificate ought to be granted, and such Master shall nevertheless refuse to grant the fame, it shall be lawful for such Justice to fine such Master in any Sum not exceeding fifteen Pounds, to the Use of his Majesty; and on Non-payment thereof, to commit such Master to Prison for any Time not exceeding one Month.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Alien so arriving to import or bring into this Kingdom any Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, or Ammunition whatever, other than as Merchandize, and as such subject to the Laws in Force at the Time of such Importation, respecting the Importation of such Arms or Ammunition respectively, as Merchandize; and that it shall be lawful for any of his Majesty's Officers of the Customs to take into his or their Custody any Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, or Ammunition, which shall be attempted to be imported or brought into this Kingdom in any Manner contrary to this Act, taking an Account thereof, which Account shall specify the Persons by whom the same were respectively brought; and that such Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, or Ammunition, shall remain at the King's Disposal, or at the Disposal of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor, if in Ireland.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, when and so often as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall think it necessary for the Safety or Tranquillity of the Kingdom, by his or their Proclamation or Order in Council, to direct that Aliens, of any Description therein mentioned, shall not be landed in this Kingdom, or shall not be landed except at such Places and under such Regulations as shall be in such Proclamation or Order expressed, then and in every such Case, the Master or Commander of every Ship or Vessel or Boat, having any such Aliem or Aliens on board, shall not suffer any such Alien or Aliens to land within any Part of this Kingdom contrary to such Proclamation or Order in Council, unless by the express Permission of his Majesty, signified under the Hand of one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and every such Master or Commander wilfully neglecting to conform to any of the Directions or Regulations contained in such Proclamation or Order shall forfeit forty Pounds for every Alien so landed, to be recovered before one or more of his Majesty8 Justices of the Peace, one Moiety thereof to be to the Informer or Informers, and the other to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and such Ship or Vessel from on board of which any such Alien or Aliens shall so land, and every other VdTel or Boat used in landing any such Alien or Aliens, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, and the lame respectively shall, on Proof that such Offence was wilfully committed contrary to the Provision of this Act, be forfeited, together with all Tackle, Apparel, Ammunition, and Furniture thereuuto respectively belonging.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Alien so arriving shall depart from the Place in which he or she shall so have arrived, except for the Purpose of making such Declaration as herein-before required

to

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 155.

to the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs as aforesaid, or for the Puroofe of obtaining such Passport as is herein after mentioned, without previously obtaining a Passport from the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of such Place, or from one Justice of the Peace for the County or District in which the same may be Gtuated, in which Passport shall be expressed the Name and Rank, Occupation or Description of such Alien, as declared by him or her to such Officer of the Customs as aforesaid, and also the Town or Place to which such Alien purposes to go; and such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice is hereby required to give such PalTport on Application made to him for that Purpose, and on Production of the Certificate of his or her Declaration as aforesaid, provided that such Town or Place, to which such Alien proposes to go, shall not be a Town or Place from which such Alien is restrained from going by any such Proclamation or Order as is herein mentioned, and provided that such Alien shall not have landed in this Kingdom contrary to any such Proclamation or Order in Council as is herein mentioned: Provided always, that if any such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice, shall fee Reason to refuse to grant such Passport, it may be lawful for him to withold* the fame, and to commit such Alien to the Common Gaol or other publick Prison, or to detain such Alien in such Custody as such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice shall think fit, until he shall have transmitted to his Majesty's Secretary of State, or Secretary to the Lieutenant or Chief Governor of Ireland, a Statement in Writing of the Circumstances which shall have induced him so to withold such PalTport, and to commit such Alien (which Statement he is hereby in every such Case directed and required forthwith to transmit), and until he shall have received the Directions of such Secretary of State, or Secretary to the Lieutenant or Chief Governor of Ireland, as to granting or witholding such PalTport; and upon the Receipt of such Direction such Mayor, Justice, or Magistrate shall act accordingly.

XV. And be it further coacted, That when and so often as any Alien, except the domestick Servants of any of his Majesty's natural-born Subjects, or of such as shall have had Letters Patent of Denization, or been naturalized by Act of Parliament, being actually attendant on their respective Mailers, who shall have arrived in this Kingdom since the first Day of January One thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or who shall arrive therein at any Time during the present Hostilities, shall be deflrous to change the Place of his or her usual Residence, or to quit the Town or Place at which such Alien shall have arrived by virtue of his or her first Passport, such Alien shall obtain from the Mayor or Chief Magistrate, or any Justice of the Peace for the County, Town, Place, or District in which such Alien shall be resident, a PalTport, in which shall be expressed the Name and Description of such Alien, in the Manner herein-before provided, and also the Name of the Town or Place to which such Alien shall propose to remove; and such Mayor, Chief Magistrate, or Justice is hereby required to give such PalTport, on Application made to him for that Purpose by such Alien: Provided always, that every such Alien shall, at the Time of making such Application, exhibit to such Magistrate or Justice the PalTport by virtue of which such Alien arrived in such County, District, Town, or Place in which he or she shall be resident 5 or if such Alien shall not have arrived therein by virtue of any Passport, a Certificate from the Magistrate or Justice, or other Person to whom such Alien shall have delivered an Account of his or her Name and Description in the Manner herein after provided.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Mayor or Chief Magistrate, or for any Justice of the Peace of any County, City, Town, Place, or District within this Kingdom, to require of any Alien who shall have arrived in this Kingdom after the first Day of January One thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or shall arrive at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, (except such domestick Servants as aforesaid, ) and who shall be passing through or be found in such County, City, Town, Place, or District, to exhibit to such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice his or her PalTport, which he or she is hereby required to exhibit accordingly; and in default thereof, or in case it shall appear thereby that such Alien is not in his or her Way to such Town or Place as is therein expressed, and such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice shall fee cause to suspeA that such Alien is not bond jide proceeding to such Town or Place as aforesaid, or in case such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice shall fee Cause to suspeA that such Alien landed in this Kingdom contrary to any such Proclamation or Order in Council as is herein mentioned, such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice, may commit such Alien to the Common Gaol or other publick Prison, or detain such Alien in such Custody, as such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice may think proper, until Notice thereof be sent by such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice, to one of his Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, or to the Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor if in Ireland[ which Notice such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice, is hereby required forthwith to transmit; and until sufficient Time shall have been allowed for the Transmission of his Majesty's , or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor's Pleasure, and unless his Majesty, or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforesaid, shall thereupon within twenty-one Days signify his rleafure that such Alien shall be discharged, or shall direct in Manner herein mentioned that such Alien shall depart ihe Realm, it shall and may be lawful for such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice, to cause such Alien to be committed to the Common Gaol, without Bail or Mainprize, until he or she shall be delivered by due Course of Law.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatever, whether Alien or not, shall, either for his own Use or for the Use of any other Person, wilfully forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or shall utter, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, any PalTport, Certificate, Licence, or Allowance of Time to obtain any Licence or Passport in this Act mentioned; or it any Person shall obtain such PalTport, or Certificate, or Licence, or Allowance of Time to obtain any Licence or Passport under any other Name or Description than that which he or she shall have declared to such Custom-house Officer, or to any such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice, as are herein mentioned, or shall falsely pretend to be the Person mentioned in such PalTport, or Certificate, Licence, or Allowance of Time as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, on Conviction thereof in his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, or any Court of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery, or Great Sessiona, or in the Judiciary Court in Scotland, or in any Court of Record in Irelan.17 be adjudged to be imprisoned, and shall be imprisoned in the

y # Common

1*25

PafljKJrts may be refuted, and Aliens Commuted.

Aliens having ani\ed since I January 1792, Sec. intending to change their Re side ncc shall obtain PulTyotis.

Magistrates em-poweicd to cause such Aliens to exhibit their Pass-ports, and to commit them in certain Cases, &c.

Penalty on Persons forging Passports, &c. Imprisonment, .*cc.

His M r^tly ro.iv Older Aliens io he detained in Cust )-dy in the Kingdom.

Majesty, n»ay order the Residence of A hr ns luving arrived Twice I Jan. I 79 1) l.e .it pailicu-I it Places.

Penalty for

Ddof-edierre, six Months' 1 m-piiton menu

)li< Majesty, &c. may order all Aliens to give an Account ot all their Weapons, &c. Aliens shall deliver up the fame, and shall not have or buy

am u hi, out

Licence, &c. Penalty, Im-piilonment.

Hous* of Ahcns m ay be scarchcc fir

Am «, kC.

His Majesty, fee.may require all Aliens to regilKr tiu-ni-fehes and obtain Licences ol Utfuieucc.

C. 155. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Common Gaol for any Time not exceeding three Months, and if such Person shall be ati Alien, shall also be adjudged, at the Expiration of that Time, to depart out of this Realm within a Time to be limited by such Judgement; and if such Person or Persons be found therein after such Time in such Judgement so limited, without lawful Cause, he or she shall, being duly convi(fled thereof, be transported for seven Years.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case his Majesty shall be advised that it may be dangerous to the Security of the Kingdom to fend any Alien out of the Kingdom, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by Warrant under his Sign Manual, or by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to order such Alien to be detained in Custody in this Kingdom, in such Place and in such Manner as his Majesty shall think fit, and until his Majesty shall give other Order to the contrary.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor as aforesaid for the Time being, by his or their Proclamation or Order in Council, or under the Royal Sign Manual, to order and direct any Alien or Aliens who shall have arrived within this Kingdom fmee the first Day of January One thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or who shall arrive therein during the present Hostilities, other than the domestick Servants of any of his Majesty's natural-born Subjects, or of such as shall have had Letters Patent of Denization, or naturalized by Act of Parliament, actually and bond side employed in the Service of their respective Masters, to dwell and reside respectively in any such District or Districts, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall think necessary for the publick Security; and if any such Alien (except as herein-before excepted) being so ordered and directed, shall dwell, or shall be found to be or have been in any Part of this Kingdom, other than such District or Districts as aforesaid, in Breach of such Proclamation or Orders respectively, it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or the Secretary of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor as aforesaid, or for any Justice of the Peace, or any such Mayor or Chief Magistrate as aforesaid, to cause such Alien to be arrested; and if it shall appear to such Principal Secretary of State, or Secretary to such Lord Lieutenant, or to such Justice, Mayor, or Chief Magistrate, that such Alien did knowingly and wilfully depart out of such District or District* in Breach of such Proclamation or Orders respectively, such Alien shall be committed to the Common Gaol, there to be detained without Bail or Mainprize; and it any such Alien, except as herein-before excepted, shall be duly convicted before any one or more Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, of knowingly and wilfully dwelling or residing, or being found to be or of having been in any Place in this Kingdom, in Breach of such Proclamation or Orders respectively as aforesaid, bt or (he shall be adjudged by such Justices to be imprisoned, and shall be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding six Months.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or for such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforesaid for the Time being, by his or their Proclamation or Order iu Council, or under the Royal Sign Manual, to order and direct that all Aliens shall at such Time or Times as shall be specified for that Purpose in such Order or Proclamation, give to same neighbouring Magistrate a full and true Account of all Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition which shall be in their respective Possession, or in the Possession of others for or at their Use or Disposal; and every such Alien shall within the Time or Times specified in such Proclamation or Order, deliver up to such Magistrate all such Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition, except such only for the keeping of which they shall have obtained Licence under the Hand and Seal of one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or Secretary of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor, during the Time such Licence shall be in Force; and that it shall not be lawful for any Alien, subsequent to the Delivery of such Account, to buy or to have in his or her Possession, or in the Possession of others for or at his or her Use or Disposal, any Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, or Ammunition, except as herein-before excepted; and that any such Person wilfully neglecting to give such Account, or giving a false Account or wilfully neglecting to deliver up such Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, or Ammunition, or forging, counterfeiting, or altering, or causing to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or uttering, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, any such Licence, or buying or knowingly having in his or her Possession, or in the Possession of others for or at his or her Use or Disposal, any other Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, or Ammunition, contrary to this Act, shall, on Conviction thereof before any one or more Justices of the Peace, be imprisoned at the Discretion of such Justice for any Time not exceeding one Month.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State in Great Britain, or Secretary to such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor in Ireland, or for any one or more Justices of the Peace, or any Mayor or Chief Magistrate as aforesaid, by Warrant under their respective Hands and Seals, to cause any House rented or occupied* by any Aliens aforesaid, and also any House in which any such Alien shall be a Lodger or Inmate, such Inmate not being a domestick Servant of any of his Majesty's natural-born Subje&s, and of Persons who shall have had Letters Patent of Denization, or been naturalized by Act of Parliament, resident in such House, to be searched in the Day-time, and in the Presence of a Peace Officer, in order to discover whether any Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, or Ammunition be therein concealed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by his Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, or for such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforesaid, by any Proclamation or Proclamations, to be issued for that Purpose, from Time to Time, to require and command every Alien who shall then be in, or shall hereafter come into this Kingdom, to register himself or herself in the Manner herein after mentioned, with such Person or Persons, and in such Diitrid or Districts, as by any Proclamation shall be appointed, and within such Time or Times ns in such Proclamation or Proclamations shall be required, and thereupon to obtain from such Person or Persons as shall be appointed for that Purpose, Licence to such Alien to reside within this Kingdom, either generally in any Part thereof without Restriction, or specially in such Place or Places, and under such Restrictions or Conditions, as to his Majesty, or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor, shall seem fit; which Licence shall either be without Limitation in point of Time, or shall endure

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 155. 1127

for such Space of Time as shall therein be expressed, and no longer; but every such Licence shall be capable of being revoked, and if limited in point of Time, shall be capable of being renewed and continued at such Times and in such Manner as in such Licence, or from Time to Time by any such Proclamation or Order, shall be directed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, being an Alien, shall be found at large in Great Britain after the Time in any such Proclamation to be limited for obtaining such Licence as aforesaid by such Person, such Person not having obtained such Licence as aforesaid, or an Allowance of Time unexpired to obtain such Licence, and not being exempted from the Obligation to deliver such Account as aforesaid, by this Act, or by any such Proclamation or Order, or by special Warrant from one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or Secretary of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor, such Person being thereof lawfully convicted, shall and may, at the Discretion of the Justices of the Peace before whom he or she shall be so convicted, be adjudged to suffer Imprisonment for any Time not exceeding iix Months.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person authorized to grant such Licences as aforesaid, and to whom Application shall be made for any such Licence as aforesaid, shall think fit to refuse to give such Licence to any Alien who shall apply for the fame, such Alien so applying for such Licence shall be forthwith conveyed before one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and committed to Prison for safe Custody, or to the Custody of one of his Majesty's Messengers or other Person appointed for that Purpose, until the Circumstances relating to the Case of such Alien shall have been certified to one of his Majesty's Secretaries of State, which shall be done without Delay; but it shall be lawful for such Secretary of State in any such Case, cither to direct that such Licence shall be granted, or that such Alien shall be conveyed out of this Kingdom, by Warrant from one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or Secretary of such Lord Lieutenants or Chief Governors: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Person authorized to grant such Licence, and to whom Application for the same shall have been made, if he shall think fit, td give Sich Alien further Time for the Purpose of obtaining such Licence, and in that Case to signify the Allowance of such further Time by Writing under his Hand and Seal, specifying the Time allowed for obtaining such Licence, during which Time the Alien, to whom such Time shall have been so allowed, shall and may reside within this Kingdom in the same Manner as if such Licence had been obtained: Provided nevertheless, that he or she shall during such Time reside in such Place or within such District as shall be expressed for that Purpose HLfuch Writing allowing further Time as aforesaid*, and not elsewhere.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Alien having such Licence as aforesaid, or such Allowance of further Time to obtain a Licence as aforesaid, shall at any Time after be at large in Great Britain in any Place not being the Place or District within which such Alien shall be allowed to reside as aforesaid, or shall be found not to have complied with the Restrictions or Conditions (if any) under which such Licence or Allowance shall have been granted, such Licence or Allowance shall be forfeited and determined, and such Alien shall be liable to all such Penalties as he or she would have been subject to if no such Licence or Allowance had been granted.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Licence or Allowance of further Time to obtain a Licence shall be loft, mislaid, or destroyed, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons authorized to grant such Licence or Allowance of further Time as aforesaid, upon Proof on Oath to his or their Satisfaction, that such Licence or Allowance of further Time has been so loft, mislaid, or destroyed, to grant a frefti Licence or Allowance of further Time to obtain a Licence, Hating the former Licence or Allowance, and the Reason of granting such fresh Licence or Allowance, shall be of like Force as the Instrument so loft, mislaid, or destroyed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not he lawful for any Alien to leave this Kingdom, without a Passport for that Purpose first obtained from one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or Secretary of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor of Ireland, or from some Person authorized by his Majesty, or such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor to grant such Passport, which Passport shall be produced to the proper Officer of his Majesty's Customs, at the Port or Place where such Alien shall embark for the Purpose of leaving this Kingdom, which Officer* being satisfied that the Person producing such Passport is the Person to whom the same was granted, and who was intended to be named and described therein, shall allow such Passport, and shall certify such Allowance by making the same on such Passport, and flgning the fame, with the Date of such Allowance; and such Passport, with such Allowance thereon, shall be produced to the Master or Person having the Charge or Care of the Ship or Vessel in which such Alien shall be permitted to embark cn board any Ship or Vessel for the Purpose of leaving this Kingdom; and if any Alien shall embark on board any Ship or Vessel in order to leave this Kingdom, not having obtained such Passport as aforesaid, and such Allowance thereof, signed by the proper Officer of the Customs as aforesaid, with the Knowledge, Privity, and Consent of the Master or of the Person having at the Time the Command, Charge, or Care of such Vessel, every such Master or Person having the Command, Charge, or Care of such Ship or Vessel, knowing him to be such Alien, shall on Con vision thereof before one or more Justices of the Peace of any County, or Mayor or Chief Magistrate of any City, Tdwn, or Place, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds, one Mciety whereof shall go to, the Informer, and the other Moiety to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and in case any such Master or Person having the Command, Charge, or Care of such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse forthwith tapay such Penalty as he shall be adjudged to pay in Manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Officer of the Customs as aforesaid to detain such Ship or Vessel until the same shall have been paid; and every such Alien who shall embark on board any Ship or Vessel, with Intent to leave this Kingdom, not having previously obtained such Passport as aforesaid, and such Allowance thereof, signed by the proper Officer of the Customs as aforesaid, being thereof lawfully convicted before any one or more Justices of the Peace, shall at the Discretion of such Justices, be adjudged

1. to

Such Licence* may he limited, revoked, renewed, 6c c.

Penalty on being at large without Licence

Iix M01 ths*

Imprisonment.

If the Persons authorized to giant Licences think 6t to refuse them, the Par no (h ill he c jmrnit'cd, until the Ci -cum dance.' fh.dl he rerlihcd to the Secretary of State, &c.

Licence.*, 6cr. shall he so. lcited if Aliens found out of their DistridU.

Fresh Licence*, &c. may be granted in lieu of Licence* loft.

No Alien shall quit the stealm without a Pr.llpo. L.

Penalty on Matters of Ships privy to Departure without Pattport, 3d. &c.

on Alien, Impiifunmtut.

Exception as to Mariners,

Aliens having quitted France on account of the TrcuVes ih.ill not be Liable to Art eft for Debts Conti; i<fled out of the Biilish D nnijiions.

(>'* 4f (*.

L\ AT.106.]

Aliens not g»'ing according to PaiTjrort> liable to Penalty,

Housekeeper* shall require Alien coming to lodge to produce Licence; an l lend G>py to Ju it ice'*, 5c c.

Penalty iol.

Notices of c\iding Lingers.

Penalty iol.

Copies of such Notices shall be sent weekly in London, 5cc. to an appointed Officer; and elsewhere quarterly to the Clerk of the Peace.

Lord Mayors of London and Dublin, and other M igif-trate> speci.iHy authorized may apprehend and examine Aliens, and transmit

C. 155. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

to suffer Imprisonment for any Time not exceeding two Months: Provided always nevertheless, that it shall not be necessary for any Mariner actually engaged and employed in the Navigation of any Ship or Vessel, during the Time that such Mariner shall be actually io engaged or employed, to obtain any such Passport as aforesaid 5 but such Mariner shall and may be permitted to embark on board such Ship or Vessel for the Purpose of leaving this Kingdom, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That Aliens abiding in this Kingdom, who have quitted their respective Countries by reason of any Resolution or Troubles in France, or in Countries conquered by the Arms of France, shall not be liable to be arrested, imprisoned, or held to Bail, or to find any Caution for their forthcoming or paying any Debt, nor to be taken in Execution on any Judgement, nor by any Caption for or by reason of any Debt or other Cause of Action, contracted or arising in any Parts beyond the Stas, other than the Dominions of his Majesty, while such Aliens w*ere not within the said Dominions of his Majesty; and in case any such Alien shall have been or shall be arrested, imprisoned, or held to Bail, or taken in Execution on a Judgement, or by Caption, contrary to the Intent of this Act, such Alien shall be discharged therefrom, by Order of any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or of the Court of Session in Scotland, or of any Judge of such Courts in Vacation Time.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Alien, who shall have obtained a Passport to leave this Kingdom in pursuance of this Act, shall not proceed with due Diligence to leave this Kingdom according to such Passport, such Alien shall be liable to all such Penalties as he or she would have been subject to if no such Passport had been granted.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the End of ten Days after the passing of this Act, every Person who shall receive into his or her House or Apartment, for the Purpose of lodging or residing therein for more than twenty-four Hours, any Alien who ought to procure a Licence to reside in this Kingdom in pursuance of this Act, shall require such Alien to produce such Licence, or an Allowance of Time to obtain such Licence, or a Passport for such Alien to leave this Kingdom, and to deliver a Copy of such Licence, Allowance of Time, or Passport, before such Person shall receive such Alien into his or her House or Apartment, to lodge or reside therein for more than twenty-four Hours; and shall, within twenty-four Hours afier such Alien mall have come to lodgeorvrefide in such House or Apartment, deliver such Copy of such Licence, or of such Allowance of further Time to obtain a Licence or Passport, to any Justice of the Peace or Con liable residing in or near the Parish, Township, or Place where such House or Apartment shall be situate, and also to the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, Township, or Place in England, and to the Schoolmaster of the said Parish or Place in Scotland, with a Notice that the Alien named therein did come to lodge or reside in such House or Apartment on a Day in such Notice to be specified, which shall be the very Day on which such Alien actually came to lodge or reside in such House or Apartment; and if any Person shall knowingly receive into his or her House or Apartment, to lodge or reside therein as aforesaid, any such Alien not producing such Licence, or Allowance of Time to obtain a Licence or Passport, or not delivering a Copy thereof as aforesaid, or shall neglect to deliver such Copy, with such Notice as aforesaid written thereon, to such Justice or Constable, Overseer, or Schoolmaster as aforesaid, within the Time aforesaid, every Person so offending shall forfeit and lose a Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place, where such House or Apartment shall be situate.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall, after the passing of this Act, have any Alien lodging or residing in his or her House or Apartment, shall, within ten Days after the patting of tins Act, deliver to any such Justice or Constable, and to Overseers and Schoolmasters, Notice in Writing, describing such Alien by his or her Name, and specifying the Time when such Alien first came to lodge or relide in his House or Apartment; and if any Person shall knowingly have received in his or her House or Apartment any such Alien, not having given Notice thereof as aforesaid, within the Time aforesaid, every Person so offending shall forfeit and lose a Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place, where such House or Apartment shall be situate.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That true Copies of all such Notices, which shall be so delivered to any such Justices or Constables as aforesaid, shall, in London and within the Bills of Mortality, be transmitted once in every Week to any Officer appointed for that Purpose, and in every other Part of the Kingdom be transmitted four Times in every Year, (that is to say), on the first of December, the first of Marche the first Day of February, and the first Day of September in each Year, to the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Stewart!*}', City, or Place, in which such House or Apartment shall be situate; and the same shall be laid by such Clerk of the Peace before the Justices of the Peace at their next Quarterly Sessions of the Peace for such County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, and shall by them be certified to one of his Majesty* Principal Secretaries of State, or Secretary to such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforesaid if in Ireland; and such Justices shall from Time to Time make at their Quarterly Sessions such Order or Orders in the Prc-mises as may be necessary for the due Observance and Execution of the several Provisions herein contained, by such Justices, Constables, and Clerks of the Peace respectively.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Mayor and Mayors, or any one or more of the Aldermen of the Cities of London and Dublin, and for any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for any County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, being specially authorized by one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or by such Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforesaid, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or generally authorized by Order of His Majesty in Council, or any Mayor or Chief Magistrate, or other Magistrate or Magistrates of any City, Borough, or Town Corporate, so authorized, to cause any Alien whom he or they mall have Cause to suspect to be a dangerous Person, to be

taken

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 155. 1129

Exception of Ambassadori and their Scr-

and of Aliens under 14.

Proof to lie on the Party.

taken into Custody and examined, and either to discharge or detain such Alien in Custody as shall appear advi- their Proceed-fable; and if it shall appear fit to detain such Alien in Custody, it shall be lawful for such Mayor, Alderman, inK*10 a Secrc-or Chief Magistrate, or other Magistrate or Magistrates, or such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or UlY Sute. their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to order such Alien to be detained in Custody until his Majesty's Pleasure shall be known, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize: Provided nevertheless, that in every such Case every such Mayor, Alderman, Chief Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices shall, and he and they is and are hereby directed and required forthwith to transmit an Account of his or their Proceedings touching such Alien, and of the Reasons for which he shall have thought fit to detain such Alien, to one of his Majesty*

Principal Secretaries of State, or Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or Chief Governor or Governors, 111 order and to the end that his Majesty, or such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors, may determine what may be fit to be done thereon; and it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by Warrant under his Sign Manual, or for such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor, by Order under his Hand, or by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one of his Principal Secretaries of State, or the Secretary of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor, either to direct that such Alien shall be discharged, or ordered out of the Kingdom.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no foreign Ambassador or other publick Mi-nifter duly authorized, nor the domestick Servants of any such foreign Ambassador or publick Minister, registered according to the Directions of the Laws in Force for that Purpose, and being actually attendant upon such Ambassador or Minister, shall be deemed an Alien within the Meaning of this Act.

XXXV. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall affect any Alien in respect of any Act done, or omitted to be done, who shall make it appear that he or she was not above the Age of fourteen Years, at the Time when such Act was done, or omitted to be done.

XXXVI. Provided always, That if any Question shall arise whether any Person alleged to bean Alien, and subject to the Provisions of this Act, or any of them, is an Alien or not, or is not an Alien subject to the said Provisions, or any of them, the Proof that such Person is, or by Law i3 to be deemed to be a natural-born Subject of his Majesty, or Denizen of this Kingdom, or naturalized by Act of Parliament, or, if an Alien, is not subject to the Provisions in this Act contained, or any of them, by reason of any Exception contained in this Act, or which shall be expressed in any Proclamation or Order in Council as aforesaid, or in any Special Warrant from one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary as aforesaid, shall lie 011 the Person so alleged to be an Alien, and to be subject to the Provisions of this Act, some or one of them.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Prosecutions against any Aliens for any Offence made punishable by this Act as Felony, or by Transportation for Years or for Life, shall be by Indictment or Information in his Majesty's Court of King's Bench at Westminster or in Dublin, or in any Court of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery in England or Ireland, or Great Sessions in Wales, or Judiciary Court in Scotland, and not elsewhere; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Aliens adjudged to be transported, shall be sent to Places to be appointed by his Majesty, $ 38*"

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person ordered or adjudged to be transported for Life in pursuance of this Act shall escape out of Custody previous to such Sentences of Transportation being carried into Execution, or shall, after having been transported, been found at large within this Realm, he or she shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy. Realm, guilty of Felony without Clergy.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Case in which Power is given by this Act to Justices of commit any Alien to Gaol, without Bail or Mainprize, or which Power is given to fend any Alien out of the Kingdom, and such Person shall for that Purpose be taken by or delivered to any Person or Persons for that Purpose, or in which any Person is committed, either for safe Custody or otherwise, until such Alien can be sent out of the Kingdom, it shall and may be lawful for any of the Justices of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or for any of the Barons in Great Britain or Ireland, being of the Degree of the Coif, or for the Lord Justice Clerk, or any of the Commissioners of Judiciary in Scotland, if upon Application made he or they shall see sufficient Cause to presume that such Person is not within the Description limited by this Act, in the different Cases herein mentioned, to admit such Person to Bail, he or she giving sufficient Security for his or her x^ppcarance to answer the Matters alleged against him or her, and to be prefect at the Trial of any Indictment to be preferred against him as herein after*is directed.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice to admit any Alien to Bail who shall have been committed by virtue of this Act, such Justice being authorized so to do by Warrant of one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or of the Lord Lieutenmt, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary for that Purpose, specifying the Security to be taken by such Justice.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That when any such Alien shall have been so admitted to Bail as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for his Majesty's Attorney General to cause an Indictment to be preferred, or an Information to be filed against such Alien, dating the Offence against this Act, if any such shall have been committed; or if no such Offence has been committed, then dating only that such Person is an Alien, and within the Provisions of this Act, and that it appeared expedient to fend such Person out of this Rolm; and that such Alien, on being committed for that Purpose, hath refused to go, and been admitted to Bail; and such Alien shall forthwith appear, and plead to such Indictment or Information, without any Imparlance or Delay; and if a Verdict shall be given thereon against such Alien, such Alien shall thereupon be immediately committed by the Court, or may, il not present, be taken by any Warrant of any Judge of the Court in which such Indictment or Information shall lie, forfafe Custody, until such Alien can be sent out of the Realm under the Provisions of this Act.

43 Geo. III. 7E XLIII. And

Prosecutions for Felony, See, shall be by Indictment.

Persons sentenced toTranf* portation for Life found within the

Courts of Record may admit Aliens to Bail.

(S 41)

Justices acting under Authority of Secretary of State may admit Aliens to Bail,

Alien bailed

may be indited, and If Verdict against him, committed, and sent out of the Count!).

*13°

Recovery and Application of Penalties exceeding 40l.;

not exceeding 40].

No Certiorari.

[Continuance of Act.]

Recital of Claim oi his Majesty and others to Prisage and Butlerage.

13th Report of Commissioners of publick Accounts, 17S5. 4th Report of Finance Committee; 1797.

Treasury empowered to treat with Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster, &c. for the Pu» chafe of his Majesty's Right in Prisage and Butlerage wiibin the County Palatine for an Annuity to he charged on the Consolidated Fuad.

C. 155, 156. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties by this Act imposed, exceeding the Sum of forty Pounds, shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham, or by Action, or summary Bill or Information in the Courts of Judiciary or Exchequer in Scotland, as the Case shall require, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and all pecuniary Penalties by this Act imposed, not exceeding the Sum of forty Pounds, shall on Conviction of the Offender, upon Oath before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, Town, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering to such Offender the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deduding the Charges of such Distress and Sale; and for want of sufficient Distress, such Justice is hereby required to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, Town, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, for any Time not exceeding three Months; and that no Writ of Certiorari, or of-Advocation or Suspension, shall be allowed to remove the Proceedings of the said Justice touching the pecuniary Penalties aforesaid, or to supersede or suspend the Execution or other Proceedings thereupon.

Parishioners may be Witnesses, §44. Limitation of Actions for Matters done under this Act, twelve Months. 44 — General Issue — Treble Costs, §45. Powers given to Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, ctic, shall not extend to Great Britain; Magistrates shall not ad beyond their Jurisdictions, (46. \_As $25, 26, 27 & 42 Geo. 3. c. 92.], f

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in Force until three Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace.

CAP. CLVI.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain to contract for the Purchase of the Duties of Prisage and Butlerage of Wines.

[12th August 1803.]

WHEREAS his Majesty in Right of his Duchy of Lancaster is or claims to be entitled to the Prisage and Butlerage of all Wines brought into the Port of Liverpool\ and all Ports, Havens, Creeks, Rivers, and other Plaoes within the County Palatine of Lancaster, and which have been granted out upon Lease for Lives*now subsisting: And whereas his Royal Highness George Prince of Wales and Duke of Cornwall, in Right of the Duchy of Cornwall, is or claims to be entitled to the Prisage and Butlerage of all Wines brought into*any of the Ports, Havens, Creeks, Rivers, and other Places within the County of Cornwall, and into the Port of Plymouth in the County of Devon, which have been granted out upon Lease for Lives: And whereas the most Noble Henry Duke of Beaufort is or claims to be entitled to the Prisage and Butlerage of all Wines brought into the Ports of Swansea and Chefflow in the Principality of Wales: And whereas the Right Honour- able John Marquis of Buteis or claims to be entitled to the Prisage and Butlerage of all Wines brought into the*Port of Cardiff in the said Principality of Wales: And whereas the Most Noble Augustus Henry Duke of Grafton 1 is or claims to be entitled to the Prisage and Butlerage of all Wines brought into any Ports, Havens, Creeks*Rivers, or other Places in any Port of England, not being within the Principality of Wales or Earldom of*Chefer, other than except the Port of Liverpool, and other Ports, Havens, Creeks, Rivers, and Places in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and except the Port of Plymouth in the County of Devon, and all the Ports, Havens, Creeks, Rivers, and other Places in the County of Cornwall: And whereas the Commissioners ap« 4 pointed to examine, take, and (late the publick Accounts of the Kingdom in their Report made in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, stated as their Opinion that it would tend to Uniformity in the*Collection and Application of the Revenue of Customs, if the Prisage Duties were, by the Consent of the*Grantees, to be re-vested in the Crown for the publick Service: And whereas the Sele£l Committee of Finance appointed by the House of Commons in their fourth Report made in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, strongly recommended that the Prisage and Butlerage Duties on Wines should be*re-veded in the Crown, if the Consent of the Grantees could be obtained; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any thice or more of them, or the Lord high Treasurer for the Time being, on the Behalf of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to treat, contract, and agree with the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster on the Behalf of his Majesty and with the Lessee or Lessees of the said Duchy, for the absolute Purchase and Surrender of the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest of his Majesty in Right of his said Duchy, and of such Lessee or Lessees, of and in the Prisage and Butlerage of Wines brought into the said Port of Liverpool, and all other Ports, Havens, Creeks, Rivers, and other Places within the said County Palatine of Lancaster, and of all the Rights, Privileges, Profits, and other Advantages whatsoever thereunto belonging, for such Annuity to be charged upon and to be payable out of the Consolidated Fund at such Times, and in such Manner, and upon and subject to such Terms and Conditions for the Redemption thereof, or otherwise relating thereto, as the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy of Lancaster, and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall agree upon.

Treasury impowered in like Manner to treat with the Prince of Wales and Council, &c. for the Purchase of his Royal HighnciVs Right as Duke of Cornwall, in Prisage and Butlerage of Wines brought into any Ports 14 within the County of Cornwall, and into Plymouth, §2. Treasury impowered in like Manner to treat with the Duke of Grafton, Duke of Beaufort, and Marquis of Bute, for the Purchase of their Right in Prisage and u Butlerage of Wines brought into any Port of England or Walts, except the Places before mentioned, §3."

7 IV. Provided

1131

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 156 — 158.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Contract which shall be entered into as afore-£aid shall be earned into Effect, unless and until the same shall be sanctioned and confirmed by Parliament.

CAP. CLVII.

An Act: to make perpetual so much of an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures.

[12th August 1803.]

WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned has, by Experience, been found useful and beneficial, and

is near expiring, and it is expedient that the same should be made perpetual be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and* with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and for indemnifying Offenders against those Laws upon the Terms therein mentioned; and for the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures, as relates to the further Punishment of persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures, which was to continue in Force for seven Years from the twenty-fourth Day of

S One thousand seven hundred and forty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of ament; and which by several subsequent Acts of the twenty-sixth and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and the fourth, eleventh, eighteenth, twenty-sixth, twenty-eighth, and thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be and the same is hereby made perpetual.

II. 4 And for the better and more impartial Trial of any Indictment or Information which shall be found, commenced, or prosecuted for any of the Offences made Felony by the said recited Acts, ' be it further enacted, That every such Offence shall and may be enquired of, examined, tried, and determined in any County in England in such Manner and Form as if the Fast had been therein committed; provided that no Attainder for any of the Offences made Felony by the said recited Acts shall make or work any Corruption of Blood, Loss of Dower, or Forfeiture of Lands or Tenements.

CAP. CLVin.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of fifty thousand Pounds, for building Glebe Houses in Ireland. [l2th August 1803.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, having resolved to grant to your Majesty a Sum not exceeding fifty thousand Pounds Irish Currency to be advanced by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Govemor or Governors of Ireland, to the Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits in Ireland, for the Purpose of enabling the Incumbents of Benefices and Parishes more speedily to build Glebe Housesdo most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That by or out of such Monies as shall at any Time or Times be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, of the Consolidated Fund, (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum or Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, ) there shall and may be issued by the Order of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, as he or they shall think fit, from Time to Time, free of Interest, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fifty thousand Pounds Irish Currency, to the said Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits in Ireland, to be by the said Trustees and Commissioners advanced on Loan to Incumbents of Parishes or Benefices in Ireland, in such Manner and according to such Directions and subject to such Provisions as are contained in an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable the Commissioners of First Fruits in Ireland to lend certain Sums of Money f Interest free) to Incumbents of Benefices there, for the Purpose of enabTtng them to ere ft andpurchase Glebe Houses and Offices convenient for their Residence; and to purchase Glebe Lands fit and convenient for the Erection of such Houses and Offices; and to nuike Provision for the Repayment of all Loans so to be made by the said Comms/fioners; and the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, or any three or more of them for the Time being, is or are hereby authorized to issue the same acordingly.

II. And be it further enacted, That all such Sum or Sums of Money, as shall be so issued shall be advanced to the said Trustees and Commissioners, upon such Securities, and shall be repayable into his Majesty's Exchequer in such Proportions, at such Times, and in such Manner, as the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland, or any three or more of them for the Time being, with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, shall direct and appoint.

Contracts shall be submitted te PailUmem.

19 G. 2. c. 34. so far as it relates to Punishment of Persons going armed in Defiance of the Laura of Customs, Sec. made perpetual. [S*e 26 G. 2-c. 32.

32--- c. 10.

4 G. 3. c. 12.

ri--c. 51. '

18--- 45.

26--- c. 8a.

28 — c. 23.

36----- c. 4».

§ rj]

Offence* may be tried in any County in England, Sec.

Saving of Cor-rupliouef Blood.

Lord Lieutenant may order 50, 0001. Jriflt Currency to be issued out of I riih Consolidated Fund to the Commissioners of First Fruits to be advanced on Loan to Incumbents under 43 G. 3. c. 106.

Securities for Repayment by Trustees Hull be taken as the Treasury, Sec. shall direct.

7 E 2

A perpetual Annuity of 3000l. per Ann. granted out of Britishi Consolidated Fund, to Trustees for the Purposes herein mentioned.

C. 159. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

CAP. CLIX.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on William Lord Amherst y and the Representatiret of the late Jeffery Lord Amherff in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by him during his Command in America.

[12th August 1803.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS your Majesty was graciously pleased, on the twenty-fourth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and seventy, to refer to a Committee of the Lords of your Majesty's most Honourable

Privy Council, the humble Petition of Sir Jeffery Amherst (afterwards Jeffery Lord Amherst, ) setting forth*

that your Majesty having been graciously pleated to signify an Intention of bellowing a Mark of your Royal Favour in America on the Petitioner, and praying your Majesty to grant him the Dilates belonging to the

Jesuits in Canada: And whereas the Right Honourable the Lords of the said Committee of Council, by

their Report to your Majesty of the second Day of November One thousand seven hundred and seventy*

humbly reported as their Opinion to your Majesty, that it might be advisable for your Majesty, to comply- with the Petitioner's Request, and to direct your Majesty's Attorney and Solicitor General to prepare and lay before your Majesty in Council for your Royal Approbation, a Draught of a proper Instrument in order to be passed under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for granting to the Petitioner the Estates belonging to the Jesuits in Canada, reserving to your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, for Publick Uses, the Colleges and Chapels, with their Apartments, which belonged to the Society, in Quebec, Montreal, and Trois Riviere,

the Grantee engaging to make Satisfaction to such of the Possessors as were in Possession at the Time of the Conquest: And whereas your Majesty in Council was graciously pleased to approve of the said Report, and to order that your Majesty's Attorney and Solicitor General should prepare a Draught of a proper Instrument, agreeable to what was proposed in the said Report, and to lay the same before your Majesty in Council*

for your Royal Approbation: And whereas the said Jeffery Lord Amherst, by his last Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date the twenty-fourth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four,

gave, amongst other Estates, the said Estate of the Jesuits in Canada, which had been ordered to be granted to him by your Majesty in Council, to his Nephew William Pitt Amherst, now Lord Amherst, for his natural Life, and to the Itfue of his Body lawfully begotten; and in Failure of such Issue, the said Testator gave the whole of his Estates to Lieutenant Colonel Amherst of his Majesty's tenth Regiment of Foot, and Deputy Adjutant General, and to the Heirs Male of his Body lawfully begotten; and in Failure of such Heirs Male*

4 he gave the whole of his Estates to his Niece Elizabeth Amherst, and her Heirs for ever: And whereas the said Jeffery Lord Amherst died without revoking or altering his said Will: And whereas your Majesty, by your most gracious Message to your most faithful Commons, has been pleased to acquaint them that in Consideration of the eminent Services of the said Jeffery Lord Amherst during his Command in America, and particularly in the Reduction of the Province of Canada, your Majesty was induced, subsequent to the War during which those Services were rendered, to direct that a Grant mould be made to his Lordship, his Heirs and Successors of a certain Tract of Land in that Province; but that in consequence of Difficulties arising from local Circumstances, your Majesty's Intentions have not been carried into Ene&, and that your Majesty lelied with Confidence on the Justice and Liberality of your faithful Commons, to make such Compensation to the Representatives of the late Lord Amherst as under the Circumstances of the Case should appear to be adequate and properWe your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, duly considering your Majesty's most gracious Intention do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That one Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum of three thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, shall be issuing and payable out ot, and charged and chargeable upon, the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain (after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the lame, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon, or payable out of, the said Fund); and the same shall from Time to Time be paid quarterly to the Right Honourable John Lord Boringdon and Jolm Campbell Esquire, and their Heirs and Assigns, for ever, but nevertheless upon Trust, to permit and fufler the same to be enjoyed by, and to make such Conveyances or Assignments thereof, for the Benefit of such Person or Persons, and for such Estate and Estates, and with, under, and subject to such Limi-tations as the High Court of Chancery shall, upon any Bill filed for that Purpose, direct, such Court being hereby required to have Regard in any Decree and Directions to be made or given to what shall appear to the said Court to have been the real Intent and Meaning of the said Testator, with respect to the said Estates in Canada, as intended to be expressed concerning the same in the said recited Will, whether such Will shall or shall not be deemed in the Law to be an effectual Disposition thereof,

Annuity shall commence from 5th January 1803, and be payable quarterly, .§ 2. Payable at the Exchequer,

without Fees, §3. The Warrant for Payment of the Annuity shall not be determinable on Demise of his Majesty, §4. Treasury and Officers there shall act without Fees, §5. Receipt of Persons entitled to receive Annuity shall be a sufficient Discharge. — Annuity shall be Tax free. — Annuity may be recovered against Officers refusing Payment, Cfr. §6."

C. i6o

U33

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

CAP. CLX.

K

An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning his Majesty's Navy; for regulating the Payment of Prize Money j and for making Provision for the Salaries of the Judges of the Vice-Admiralty Courts in the Island of Malta and in the Bermuda and Bahama Islands.

[12th Augttjl 1803.]

WHEREAS divers injurious Proceedings have lately been had in France, in Derogation of the Honour 4 of his Majesty's Crown, and of the just Rights of his Subjects: And whereas his Majesty by hia

Order in Council, dated the sixteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three, was pleased to order that general Reprisals be granted against the Shipp, Goods, and Subjects of France, so that as

well his Majesty's Fleet and Ships, as also all other Ships and Vessels that should be commissioned by Letters of Marque or General Reprisals, or otherwise, by his Majesty's Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, shall and lawfully may seize all Ships, Vessels, and Goods, belonging to France, or to any Persons being Subjects of France, or inhabiting within any of the Territories of France, and bring the same to Judgement: And whereas his Majesty by his Order in Council, dated the sixteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, was pleased to order that general Reprisals should in like Manner and to the like Effect be granted against the Ships, Goods, and Vessels of the Batavian Republick, the Ally and Aftbciate of France, in its Enterprizes against the Independence and

Safety of his Majesty's Dominions: And whntas his Majesty hath by his Royal Munificence been graciously pleaftd by his Proclamation, dated the seventh Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, to declare his Intention to give the Benefit of all Prizes taken during the present Wari to the Captors thereof, being in his Majesty's Service or duly commissioned: Now, for the Encouragement of the Officers and Seamen of his Majesty's Ships of War, and of h>* d armed Vessels in the Service of his Majesty, and of the Owners, and Officers, and Seamen of all other Brti.jb Ships, having Commissions or Letters of Marque, and for inducing all British Seamen who may be in any foreign Service, to return into this King* c dom, and become fer vice able to his Majesty, and for the more efte&ually securing and extending the Trade of his Majesty's Subje&s; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Flag-Officers, Commanders, and other Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, on board every Ship and VefltJ of War in his Majesty's Pay, shall have the whole Interest and Pro-

erty of and in all and every Ship, VeflU, Good, and Merchandize which they have taken since the sixteenth )ay of May One thousand eight hundred and three, or sixteenth Day of June respectively, or shall hereafter take during the Continuance of the present War, after the same shall have been adjudged lawful Prize to his Majesty, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty or Vice-Admiralty, in any of his Majesty's Dominions, which shall be duly authorized to take Cognizance of such Captures, to be divided in such Proportions and after such Manner as his Majesty, by his Proclamation of the seventh Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, hath already ordered and enacted, or as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall think fit to order and direct by Proclamation or Proclamations to be issued for those Purposes; and the Commanders, Officers, Seamen, and Marines, and Soldiers, on board his Majesty's hired armed Ships, shall have such Interest, in all Ships and Goods which they have taken since the sixteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three, or sixteenth Day of June respectively, or shall hereafter take during the present War, and to be divided and distributed in such Manner as his Majesty hath been pleased to order and direct by the said Proclamation of the seventh Day of July One thousand eijzht hundred and three, or as his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, may order and enreift by any Proclamation or Proclamations here* after to be issued.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Flag Officers, Commanders, and other Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, on board every Ship and Vessel of War in his Majesty's Pay, being armed, officered, and employed in his Majesty's Service, who shall take any Fortress upon the Land, or any Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandize, and Treasure, belonging to the State, or to any publick trading Company, of the Enemies of the Crown of Great Britain, upon the Land, or any Ship or Vessel, or Merchandize laden on board the fame, in any Creek, River, Haven, or Road belonging to and defended by the said Fortress upon the Land, shall have the foie Interest and Property of and in all and every such Ship of Ships, Vessel or Vessels, Anr, Ammunition, Scores of War, Goods, Merchandize, and Treuture, after final Adjudication thereof as lawful Prize in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty or Vice-Admiralty, duly authorized as aforesaid, (which Courts are hereby required to proceed thereon as in other Cases of Prize, ) to be did: in: ed by his Majesty i: i such Proportions and Manar as he rein-before is mentioned: Provided always nevertheless, that in n'l conjunct Expeditions of the Navy and Army against any such Fortress, upon the Land, in which his Majesty shall have been pleased to give ».uy Inductions or Directions for the Division and Distribution of Property taken thereat, the Flag and General Officers, and Commanders, and other Officers, Seamen, Marines, a d Soldiers, acting on such conjunct Expedition, shall have such proportionable Interest and Pu>perty as his Majesty under his Sign Manual fty»U think fit to order and direct, in all and every the Arms, Ammunition, Stou? of War, Goods, Merchandize, and Treasure, belonging to the State or to any publick trading Company of the Enemies of the Crown of {?, eat Britain, which shall be found in any such Fortress; and also in all and every Ship and Ships, Vessel and Vessels, with their Arms, Ammunition, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, and all and every the Merchandize and other Effects on board, which shall be captured in any Road, Haven, River, or Creek belonging to and defended by such Fortress, after final Adjtfc-dication thereof as lawful Prize.

2 III. Provided

All Ships and Vessels taken by Ships of War or hired armed Ships, during the War, shall be vested in the Captots, and divided as Prize, agreeable co his Majesty's Proclamations.

Arms and Am*

munition, &c, taken in any Fortress, and oil board Vessels in Creeks defended thereby, shall also be divided as Prize.

His Majesty may apportion Prizes between the Navy and Army when acting in Conjun&bn.

C. i So

43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

In fWau'.t ol Ilift ru£l ions from his Majesty, Commanders in Chief may settle the Division.

How Shares shall he distributed.

Shares of Run Men, and Shares unclaimed within three Years, shall be forfeited to Greenwich Hospital, unless Disability is removed.

Commanders

with Convoys or Dispatches, failing out of their Course to take Prizes, £ha41 forfeit their Shares.

Penalty on Captains of Merchant Ships disobeying Signals of the Commander of the Convoy, 500l. and Imprisonment.

Admiralty may issue Letters of Marque.

c6 G. 3. c. 60. $4 G. 3. c. 68.

Prizes taken by Privateeers shall be divided between the Owners and Captors according to Agreement.

in* Provided likewise, and be it enacted, That if no Instruction9 shall have been given by His Majesty for the Division of the Ships, Goods, and Merchandize to be captured in any Expedition again! any Fortrcft on the Land, it shall be lawful for the respective Commanders in Chief of the Fleet and of the Army employed, to make Agreements in Writing for the Division of the Ships, Goods, and Merchandize, so to be taken between the said Fleet and Army, which Agreements being approved and confirmed by his Majesty shall be binding on all Persons; and the Share assigned to the Fleet by such Agreement shall be distributed therein according to his Majesty's Proclamation; and the Share assigned to the Army shall be distributed amongst the Officers and Soldiers in Proportions correspondent thereto: Provided nevertheless, that the Interest and Property hereby given to the Army employed on such conjunct Expeditions shall not extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to entitle the said Army to share in the Distribution of any Ships or Vessels, Goods, Merchandize, or Effects captured in the Voyage to or from such Fortress: Provided also, that the Shares of Prize of all such Officers and Seamen who shall be marked in the Books of any Ship or Vessel in the Service of his Majesty, His Heirs or Succtssors, as having run therefrom, and also the Shares of all such Officers and Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, and others, as well on board hired armed Ships as on board his Majesty's Ships of War, which shall not be legally demanded within three Years after the same shall have been paid to the Treasurer of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, by virtue of any Law then in Force, shall be forfeited to and to the Use of the said Royal Hospital; unless with respect to such Officers and Seamen as shall be marked Run, such Mark shall be taken off by Order of the Commissioner3 for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or by Order of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, and unless with respect to the Shares of such Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, and others, which shall not be claimed within the Time above limited in that Behalf, reasonable Cause shall be shewn and allowed by the Governors of the said Hospital for the Time being, or by the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, why such last mentioned Shares were not claimed in due Time.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Captain or other Commander of any of his Majesty's Ships, or Vessels of War, or hired armed Vessels in his Majesty's Service, having Transports or Merchant Ships or Vessels under Convoy, shall wilfully desert or fail away from them in pursuit of and with the View of capturing any Ship or Vessel of the Enemy (other 'than Ships or Vessels armed and fitted for War only, and which shall be seen hovering about or bearing down upon such Convoy), or having captured a Prize, shall wilfully desert the Convoy for the Purpose of carrying his Prize into Port 5 or if the Commander of any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, having his Majesty's Dispatches on board, shall fail out of his proper Course in Pursuit and with the View of making Prize of any Ship or Vessel of the Enemy, and shall be duly convicted thereof by Sentence of a Court Martial such Commander shall forfeit his Share of all and every such Prize to his Majesty for the Use of Greenwich Hospital.

V. And be it further enacted, That if the Captain of any Merchant Ship under Convoy shall wilfully disobey Signals or Instructions, or any other lawful Commands of the Commander of the Convoy, or shall desert the Convoy without Notice given and Leave obtained for that Purpose, he shall be liable to be articled again! in the High Court of Admiralty, at the Suit of the King in his Office of Admiralty, for Disobedience to the Orders of the Convoy, and upon Conviction thereof, shall be fined at the Discretion of the said Court in any Sum not exceeding five hundred Pounds, and shall suffer such Imprisonment, not exceeding one Year, as the said Court shall adjudge.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or any Person or Persons by him or them empowered and appointed, shall, at the Request of any Owner or Owners, whom they shall deem fitly qualified, of any Ship or Vessel registered pursuant to the Directions of an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, or of an Act, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of British Mariners, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, (such Owner or Owners giving such Bail or Security as hereafter is mentioned or expressed, ) cause to be issued in the usual Manner one or more Commission or Commissions, or Letter or Letters of Marque and Reprisal, to any Person or Persons whom such Owner or Owners shall nominate to be Commander, or in case of Death, successively Commanders of such Ships or Vessels, for the attacking, surprising, seizing, and taking, by and with such Ship or Vessel, or with the Crew thereof, any Place or Fortress upon the Land, or any Ship or Vessel, Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods or Merchandize, belonging to 01 possessed by any of his Majesty's Enemies, in any Sea, Creek, Haven, or River; and that such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, Arme, Ammunition, Stores 01 War, Goods and Merchandize whatsoever, with all their Furniture, Tackle, and Apparel, so to be taken by or with such private Owner or Owners' Ship or Vessel, according to such Commission and Commissions, or Letter or Letters of Marque, after final Adjudication as lawful Prize in the High Court of Admiralty, or in any other Court of Admiralty in his Majesty's Dominions, which shall be duly authorized thereto as aforesaid, shall wholly and entirely belong to and be divided between and among the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, and the several Persons who shall be on board the fame, and be aiding and assisting in the taking thereof, in such Shares and Proportions as shall be agreed on with the Owner or Owners of such Ship or vessel as shall be the Captor thereof, their Agents or Factors, as the proper Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, and the Persons who shall be entitled thereto, hr virtue of such Agreements among themselves; and that neither his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, nor any Admiral, Vice-Admiral, Governor, or other Person, commissioned by or claiming under his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, nor any other Person or Persons whomsoever, other than the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, being the Captor of such Prize Ship or Vessel, Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods and

Merchandize,

C. 160.

1135

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III.

Merchandize, and the Person claiming under such Agreements, shall be entitled to any Part or Share thereof, except as to the Customs and Duties hereafter mentioned, any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to entitle any Person or Persons to any Interest in such Ships or Vessels, Goods or Merchandize, as may be captured by any private Ships or Vessels of War belonging to or hired by or in the Service of his Majesty's Commissioners of Customs or Excise; but that the same Ships or Vessels, Goods and Merchandize so captured, shall belong to his Majesty, and be applied and disposed of in such Manner as his Majesty, under his Sign Manual shall order and direct after legal Adjudication thereof.

VII. ' And, for the Encouragement of the Capture of such armed Ships belonging to the Enemy, ' be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Captors to include m one Adjudication any Number not exceeding fix of such small armed Ships having a Commission or Letter of Marque from the Enemy, not exceeding fifty Ton9 each, and which shall have been taken within the Space of three Months preceding the Application to the Court of Admiralty for such Adjudication.

VIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall entitle any private Ship or Vessel having a Commission for War, and which shall receive General Orders and Instructions from, and put herself under the Convoy of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels, to share in any Prize or Prizes taken by such Ships or Vessels of his Majesty, or by such private Ship or Vessel having a Commission for War, or Letter of Marque, whilst the said Commissioned Ship or Vessel shall remain under the Care and Protection of such Convoy, unless such private Ship or Vessel shall have received Orders from the Commander of the convoying Ship to chafe, or otherwise ad hostilely against the Enemy, and shall have been actually aiding and assisting in such Capture.

IX. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt any Ships, Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which shall be taken as Prize and brought or imported into this Kingdom, or any of his Majesty's Dominions, from the Payment of any Customs or Duties, or from being subject to the Restrictions and Regulations to which the same are now or shall hereafter be liable by virtue of the Laws and Statutes of this Realm: Provided nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, dr for the Commissioners of the Customs, in such Cases wherein Goods unfit for the Markets of this Kingdom have been brought as Prize into the Ports thereof, and have been fold from Necessity under an Order of the High Court of Admiralty, to remit the Whole or any Part of the said Duties, upon a Certificate from the Judge of the said Court that the Goods, not being intended for the Markets of this Kingdom, have been fold from Necessity under its Order, and that the Proceeds of such Sale, after Payment of Duties, will be insufficient to satisfyjuft and reasonable Claims.

X. And be it further enacted, That before the granting or issuing of any Commission, or Letter of Marque, in pursuance of this Act, such Bail and Security shall be taken as hath been usual in such Cases; and that previous thereto the Persons who propose to be bound and give such Security shall severally make Oath before the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty of England, or Judge of any other Court of Admiralty, which shall be authorized as aforesaid, in any other of his Majesty's Dominions, or his or their Surrogates, or other Person or Persons lawfully commissioned by them, that they the said Persons who shall become Sureties, arc at the Time of their being sworn respectively worth more than the Sum for which they are to be bound, over and above all their just Debts; and moreover, the Marshal for the Time being of the said High Court of Admiralty, and of any of the said other Courts, or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons so commissioned as aforesaid, shall make diligent Enquiry, and certify him or themselves of the Sufficiency of such Bail and Security, and make thereupon a Report to such Judge or his Surrogate, before any such Commission or Letter of Marque shall be granted.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall apply to the said Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or any Person or Persons by him or them empowered and appointed, in order to obtain any Commission or Lttter of Marque, to be granted or issued forth in pursuance of this Act, shall make every such Application in Writing, and therein set forth a particular, true, and exact Description of the Ship or Vessel for which such Commission or Letter of Marque is requested, speciTying the Name and Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, what Sort of Built (he is, and the Number and Nature of the Guns on board the fame, to what Place belonging, and the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, and the Number of Men intended to be put on board the same (all which Particulars (halLbe inserted in every Commission or Letter of Marque to be granted in pursuance of this Act); and that every Commander of a private Ship or Vessel of War, for which a Commission or Letter of Marque shall be granted in pursuance of this Act, shall produce such Commission or Letter of Marque to the Collector, Customer, or Searcher for the Time being of his Majesty's Customs, retiding at or belonging to the Port from whence such Ship or Vessel shall be first fitted out, or to the lawful Deputy or Deputies of such Collector, Customer, or Searcher; and the said Collector, Customer, or Searcher, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies shall, as soon thereafter as

- conveniently may be, without Fee or Reward, insped and examine such Ship or Vessel, so as to ascertain the Built and Burthen thereof, and the Number of Men, and the Number and Nature of the Guns on board the fame; and if such Ship or Vessel shall thereupon be found to be of such Built and Burthen, and be manned and armed according to the Tenor of the Description inserted in such Commission or Letter of Marque as aforesaid, or be of a greater Burthen or Force than shall be mentioned in such Commission or Letter of Marque, then and not otherwise such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies shall, and he and they are hereby required, immediately upon the Request of the Commander of such Ship or Vessel, to give a Certificate thereof in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, gratis, to such Commander, which

Certificate

Proviso u to Privateers in Service of Customs and Excise.

[ But fee 41G. 3, (U.K.) r. 76. and post §12.]

Six small Privateers taken from the Enemy may be included in one Adjudication.

Private Ships of War, while under Convoy, shall net share Prize?, unless ordered to act.

Prizes shall be liable to Dutk t;

but which may be rerni'ted in certain Cases.

Security shall be taken bVr'jre granting l.ctteL of Marque.

Oaih and Inquiry as to Sufficiency ol Suieties.

Applications for Letters of M.nque shall be made in Wuting, dating Particulars <*t Burthen, Built, 6eo.

Commissiona shall be pio-duced at Port of Outs*r, and Officer tlieie shall inlj>e£t Vessel, and cor-tify compliance with Commit* lion.

Penalty on Commanders departing without Ottihcate, or with inferior Fuice, TOOOOl. and Impnfou-Jfeent.

Penalty on Officers of Customs granting false Certificates, Incapacity and tool.

Application of Forfeiture.

Burthens of Vessels shall be ascertained by Certificates of Registry, except as to Revenue Vessels.

Vessels having Letters of Marque shall be deemed licensed, under 24 G. 3. C. 47.

Letters of Maique shall be JoifeitecJ for Offences against Revenue Laws.

Admiralty may

revoke Letters ©t Maique.

Notice of such

Revoe.ai < > be give.Jie Ov.nei s.

At what Peri ds

Lftu.a Li .Mj r : > revokes fh .1; tx-F* c-

C. 160. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Certificate shall be deemed a necessary Clearance, before Such Ship or Vessel shall be permitted lo fail from that Port; and if the Commander of any Ship or Vessel, for which any Commission or Letter of Marque shall have been granted in pursuance of this Act, shall depart with such Ship or Vessel from such Port of Clearance before he hath received such Certificate, or shall depart from any such Port, or proceed upon a Cruize, with a Force inferior to the Force specified in such Commission or Letter of Marque, every such Commission or Letter of Marque shall from thenceforth be absolutely null and void, and the Commander so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one thousand Pounds, to be recovered with full Coils of Suit by any Person or Persons who will sue for the fame, by Action3 of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, wherein no Essoign, Froteftion, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed, and shall also be imprisoned for such Space of Time as such Court shall direct, not exceeding one Year for any one Offence.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector, Customer, or Searcher of his Majesty's Customs, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies, shall grant a Certificate for any Ship or Vessel which shall not be of the Burthen and Force specified in the Commission or Letter of Marque granted to the Commander or Commanders thereof, or shall certify to a greater Burthen or Force than (he really is, he shall for such Offence forfeit his said Office, and be for ever incapable of holding any Office under Government whatsoever; and shall also forfeit the Sum of, one hundred Pounds, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, for any Person or Persons who will sue for the fame, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, ih any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, in which no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and one Moiety of the said Penalty of one hundred Pounds when recovered shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and one Moiety to the Treasurer for the Time being of the Corporation for the Relief and Support of the Tick, maimed, and disabled Seamen, and of the Widows and Cluldren of such as shall be killed, flain, or drowned, in the Service of the Merchants, for the Use of such Corporation; or where such Forfeiture shall be incurred in any of the Out Ports in which a Corporation is established or shall hereafter be established for the Purposes aforesaid, then one Moiety of such Penalty shall be paid to the Trustees for the Use of the Corporation so to be established: Provided always, that the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel so to be certified shall be ascertained by the Certificate of Regitlry granted for such Ship or Vessel, under and pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Acts, made in the twenty-sixth and thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, or an authenticated Copy thereof, in case the Ship shall be at Sea, which Certificate or authenticated Copy shall be produced to the said Lord High Admiral or (5>mmissioners for executing tl>e said Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, before the issuing of any Commission or Letter of Marque for such Ship or Vesselt Provided nevertheless, that it shall not be necessary in the Case of Ships belonging to, or hired by, or in the Service of his Majesty's Commissioners of Customs or Excise, to produce such Certificates or authenticated Copies, in order to the obtaining a Commission or Le.ter of Marque.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all and every Ship and Vessel for which such Commission or Letter of Marque shall be granted as aforesaid, and for and during the Time that such Commission or Letter of Marque shall remain in Force under the Authority of this Act, and no longer, shall be deemed and taken to be a Ship or Vessel licensed pursuant to an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, although the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall not have been furnished widi the Licence required by the said recited Act.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the Owner or Owners, Commander, Matter, or other Person, having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel for which such Commission or Letter of Marque shall be issued as aforesaid, shall be guilty of any Offence contrary to any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, or hereafter to be made for the Protection of his Majt fly's Revenues of Customs or Excise, or for the Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, such Owuer or Owners, Commander, Matter, and other Persons, shall forfeit the Commission or Letter of Marque so issued for such Ship or Vessel, over and befuLs all other Penalties and Forfeitures which he or they shall have incurred by reason of such Offence.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or any three or more of them, at any Time or Times hereafter to revoke and make void, by any Order or Orders in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, any Commission or Commissions, or Letter or Letters of Marque, which hath, have been, or shall be issued for th to any Pet foil or Persons who hath, have been, or shall be nominated Commander or Commanders of any Ship or Vessel, either in pursuance of his Majesty's Order in Council, or this present Act: Provided nevertheless, that the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being shall, with all convenient Speed, after any and every such Commission or Letter of Marque shall be so revoked, cause Notice thereof in Writing to be forthwith feat to the Owner or Owners of the Ship or Vessel named or described in such Order of Revocation, or to his or their Agent or Agents, Surety or Sureties, or some or one of them; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be in the Channel, the said Order of Revocation shall be'effectual to supersede and annul the said Commission or Letter of Marque, at the Expiration of twenty Days from and after such Notice given as aforesaid, or sooner if Notice : h dl be actually ©oven in Writ'ng by the Secretary of the Admiralty to the Captain or Commander thereof; anl in case such Ship or Vessel shall be in the Northern Seas, at the Expiration of thirty Days; and in c.i.e such Ship or Vess shall be to the Southward of Cape Finljlerre, or in the Mediterranean, at the E\p; ration of six Weeks; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be in North America or the West Indies, at the Expiration of three Months; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be in the Ecjl Indies, at the Expiration of six Months

from

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 160.

from and after such respective Notices shall be given as aforesaid; and any Commander or Commanders, Owner or Owners, Agent or Agents, Surety or Sureties of any such Ship or Vessel whereof such Commission or Letter of Marque, issued or to be issued forth as aforesaid, shall be so revoked, may complain thereof to his Majesty in Council within thirty Days next after the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being shall cause Notice thereof to be given as aforesaid; and the Determination of his Majesty in Council touching every such Complaint shall be final: Provided always, that in case any such Order of Revocation shall be superseded, such Commission or Letter of Marque shall be deemed and taken to have continued in Force, and all Prizes taken by virtue thereof shall belong to and be the Property of such Owners and Captors, in such Manner as the same would have been in case such Order of Revocation had not been made: Provided also, that no Person shall be liable (before he shall have received personal Notice of such Order of Revocation) to be punished for doing any Matter or Tiling which he might have lawfully done under the Authority of such Commission or Letter of Marque, in case such Order of Revocation had not been made.

XVI. 4 And whereas in all private Ships or Vessels of War, or Merchant Ships or Vessels, for which Com- millions or Letters of Marque shall be taken out, and likewise hired armed Vessels taken into his Majesty's Service, it is expedient, for the better Discipline and Government of such Ships and Vessels, that all Persons who enter themselves on board the same should be under proper Regulations, and pay Obedience to the lawful Commands of the Captains and Chief Commanders or the said Ships and Vessels; be it therefore enacted, That^pll Offences committed by any Officer or Seaman on board any Vessel having taken a Commission or Letter of Marque during the present Hostilities with France, or on board any hired armed Vessel in his Majesty's Service, shall be tried and puni filed in such Manner as the like Offences are tried and puni (bed when committed by any Person belonging to his Majesty's Fleet: Provided always, that all Offenders who shall be accused of such Crimes as are cognizable by a Court Martial shall be confined on board such Privateer, or Merchant Ship, or Vessel carrying Letters of Marque, in which such Offence shall be committed, until they shall arrive at some Port in Great Britain or Ireland, or can meet with such a Number of his Majesty's Ships of War abroad as are sufficient to make a Court Martial; and upon Application made by the Commander of such Ship or Vessel carrying Letters of Marque, or hired armed Vessels in his Majesty's Service, to the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or to the Commander in Chief, or Senior Officer of his Majesty's said Ships of War abroad, the said Lord High Admiral or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or such Commander in Chief, or Senior Officer abroad, are hereby, authorized and required, in the usual Manner, to call a Court Martial for trying and puniflting the said Offences.

XVII. 4 And whereas good and necessary Laws are in Force within several of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, for preventing the carrying off from the said Colonies or Plantations any Servant or Slave without the Consent of the Owner, or the carrying off from thence any other Person or Persons whomsoever, until such Person shall have taken out his Ticket from the Secretary's Office within such respective Colony or Plantation, in such Manner, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as in and by the said several Laws is declared and provided be it therefore enacted, That all Commanders of private Ships of War, or Merchant Ships having Letters of Marque, shall, upon their going into any of the Ports or Harbours in the said Colonies or Plantations, be subject, and they are hereby declared to be subject, to the several Directions, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in and by such Laws made and provided; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVIII. 4 And, for the more speedy proceeding to Condemnation, or other Determination of any Prize Ship or Vessel, Goods or Merchandize, already taken or hereafter to be taken as aforesaid, and for lessening the Expences which have been usual in such Cases; be it further er.acted, That the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty of England, and of any other Court of Admiralty which shall be authorized thereto, or such Person or Persons who shall be by them commissioned for that Purpose, within five Days after Request made to him or them for that Purpose, shall finiffi the usual Preparatory' Examination of the Persons commonly examined in such Cases, in order to prove the Capture to be lawful Prize, or to enquire whether the same be lawful Prize or not, and that the proper Monition usual in such Cases shall be issued by the Person or Persons proper to issue the fame, and shall be executed by the Person or Persons proper to execute the fame, within the Space of three Days after Request in that Behalf made; and in case no Claim of such captured Ship, Vessel, or Goods, shall be duly entered in the usual Form, and atteffed upon Oath, giving twenty Days' Notice after the Execution of such Monit'on, or if there be such Claim, and the Claimant or Claimants shall not within five Days from7 the Time of entering such Claim give Security in the Sum of sixty Pounds Sterling, to pay Costs to the Captor or Captors in case the Judge shall decree Coils to be due, that then the Judge of such Court of Admiralty shall, upon producing to him the said Examinations or Copies thereof, and producing to him, upon Oath, all the Papers and Writings which shall have been fcun 1, taken in, or with such Capture, or on board any other captured Ship or Vessel, regarding the fame, or upon Oath made that no Papers or Writings were found, proceed with all convenient Speed to Sentence, either to discharge or acquit such Capture, or to condemn the same to be good and lawful Prize, according as shall appear to him upon Peruial of such Preparatory Examinations, and all the Papers and Writings found, taken in, or with such Capture, or on board any other captured Vessel regarding the fame, if any such shall be found, or to allow further Time for a Claim to be entered or Security given; and in case any such Claim shall be duly entered, and Security given thereupon, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, and there shall appear no Occasion to enter into any other Examination, that then the Judge shall, within ten Days if possible, after such Claim made and Security given, proceed to Sentence as aforesaid touching such Capture; but in case, upon entering such Claim, and the Attestation thereupon, or the producing of such Papers and Writings as aforesaid, regarding

43 Gf.o. III. 7 F such

e

1137

Council may supersede such Revocation.

Offences committed on ho.ud Ptivatecis shall be tried and puli ished as Offences committed in the Flcac.

Commanders of Ships liable, while in American Colonies, to the Laws ngninft carrying off Persons without the requisite Con* .feut.

Regulations respecting the Condemnation, &c. ol Pure*.

On entering

Claim, Security ilijl' 1, -t- giveu lor Costs

Proceedings oi Judge towards Senicuce.

Appraisement of the Capture before Trial

and Delivery to Claimants on Security;

r to the Captors, it Claimants elute Security.

His Majesty may appoint Salaries for Judges of Vice-Admiralty Courts «t Bahama, Bermuda, and at Malta, not exceeding 2 cool* per Annum,

&c. as under 39 G. 3. c. no.

Captures brought into his Majesty's Dominions abroad, shall be under the Care of Offccers there.

Exception as to Sut. 41 G.3. (U.K.)c. 96.

All Books, found on board Captures shall be brought into Registry of Admiralty Court.

Appeals may be made to Commissionera for hearing Prfec Causes.

C. 160. 43 GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

such captured Ship or Vessel, or Goods, and upon the said Preparatory Examinations, it shall appear doubtful to the said Judge whether such Capture be lawful Prize or not, and it shall appear to him to be necessary, according to the Circumstances of the Case, for the clearing and determining such Doubts, to have an Examination of Witne(Te8, on Pleadings given in by the Parties and admitted by the Judge, or such other lawful Mode of Enquiry as the said Judge may think requisite, that then the said Judge mall forthwith cause such Capture to be appraised by Persons well skilled in the fame, to be named by the Parties, and approved and appointed by the Court, and sworn truly to appraise the same according to the bed of their Skill and Knowledge, for which Purpose the said Judge shall cause, if he shall think fit, the Good3 found on board to be unladen, and an Inventory thereof being first taken, if the Judge shall think necessary, by the Marshal of the Admiralty or his Deputy, shall cause them to be put into proper Warehouses, with separate Locks, of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs; and where there is no Comptroller, then of the Naval Officer, and the Agents or Persons employed by the Captors and Claimants, at the Charge of the Party desiring the fame; and shall, after such Appraisement, and within the Space of fourteen Days after the making of the said Claims, proceed to take good and sufficient Security from the Claimants to pay the Captors the full Value thereof, according to such Appraisement, in case the same shall be adjudged lawful Prize, and shall also proceed to take good and sufficient Security from the Captors, to pay such Costs as the Court shall think proper, in case such Ship, Vessel, or Goods, shall not be condemned as lawful Prize; and after such Security duly given, the said Judge shall make an Interlocutory Order for releasing or delivering the same to such Claimant or Claimants, or his or their Agents, and the same shall be actually released and delivered accordingly.

XIX. And it is hereby further enabled, That if any Claimant oV Claimants shall refuse to give such Security, the Judge shall cause the Captor or Captors, in like Manner, to give good and sufficient Security to pay the said Claimant or Claimants the full Value thereof according to the Appraisement, in case any such Capture or Captures shall be adjudged not to be lawful Prize, and the said Judge shall thereupon proceed to make an Interlocutory Order for the releasing and delivering the same to the said Captor or Captors, or their Agents.

XX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by any Order in Council to fix and ascertain proper and adequate Salaries for the Judges of Vice-Admiralty Courts, established or to be established in the Bahama and Bermuda Islands, and likewise at the Island of Malta in the Mediterranean, not exceeding the Sum of two thousand Pounds per Annum for any of such Judges; and such Salaries shall be issued, payable, and paid out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and further that such Salaries shall be charged and chargeable, and paid and payable in like Manner in every Respect, and under and subject to such Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures as are contained in an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in Wellmmfter-Hall, and also of the Lords of ScJfion9 Lords Commissioners of Juficiary, and Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland; and for enabling his Majesty to grant Annuities to Persons in certain Offices in the said Courts of Westminster Hall, on their Rcjignation of their respective Offices; and that the Salaries now paid or payable to the Judges at Jamaica, Barbadoes, and Halifax\ be paid and payable in like Manner.

u His Majesty may allow such Judges, on their Resignation, 1000l. per Annum after six Years'Service, or in cfcfe " of permanent Infirmity, §21. Profits of Judges shall not exceed 2000l. per Annum beyond their Salaries. — # Account thereof shall be transmitted to the Navy Board, §22. [&141 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 96. §2, 4.]"

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Captures as aforesaid, which shall be brought into any of his Majesty's Dominions abroad, in order to be proceeded against to Condemnation in any of his Majesty's Courts of Vice Admiralty, being thereto duly authorized, shall, without breaking Bulk, flay there, aHd be under the joint Care and Custody of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, and where there is no Comptroller, then of the Naval Officer of the Port or Place where the same shall be brought, and the Captors or Claimants thereof, or their Agent or Agents, subject to the Direction of such Court of Vice-Admiralty, until the same shall by final Sentence have been cither cleared and discharged, or adjudged and condemned as lawful Prize, or that such Interlocutory Order as aforesaid shall have been made for the releasing or delivering the fame; and upon the final Condemnation or Adjudication thereof as lawful Prize, shall be immediately delivered unto the Captors thereof or their Agents: Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall affect any of the Regulations contained in an Act passed in the forty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of his Majesty's Prize Courts in the West Indies and America, and for giving a morefyeedy and effectual Execution to the Decrees of the Lords Commissioners of Appeals, but that all the Regulations of the said Act shall be carried into full Force and Effect.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Books, Papers, and Writings, found in any Ship or Vessel taken as Prize, shall without Delay be brought into the Registry of the Court of Admiralty upon Oath, wherein such Ship or Vessel may be proceeded against, in order to Condemnation; but that only such Books, Papers, and Writings, shall be made use of and translated, as shall be agreed or infilled upon by the Proctors of the several Parties, Captors, or Claimants, or in case of no Claim, by the Captor, or his Proctor or Agent, or Register, to be necessary for ascertaining the Property of such Ship or Vessel, and Cargo thereof.

XXV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That if any Captor or Captors, Claimant or Claimants, shall not rest satisfied with the Sentence or Interlocutory Decree, having the Force of a Definitive Sentence, given or pronounced in the High Court of Admiralty of England, or in any Court of Admiralty or Vice-Admiralty, in any of his Majesty's Dominions, duly authorized to proceed in Prize Causes, it shall and may be lawful for the Party or Parties thereby aggrieved to appeal from the said High Court of Admiralty,

8 or

43° GEORGII III.

C. 160.

or from any of the said Courts of Admiralty or Vice-Admiralty, to the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for receiving, hearing, and determining Appeals in Causes of Prize, such Appeals to be interposed and received in the like Manner as Appeals to the Commissioners in Prize Causes ha* e been usually interposed and received from the said High Court of Admiralty, and good Security to be likewise given by the Appellant or Appellants that he or they will effectually prosecute such Appeal, and also pay such Costs as shall be awarded, in case the Sentence or Interlocutory Decree, having the Force of a definitive Sentence of such Court of Admiralty or Vice-Admiralty, be affirmed; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided always, that the Execution of any Sentence or Interlocutory Decree, having the Force of a definitive Sentence, appealed from as aforesaid, shall not be suspended by reaion of such Appeal, save ai is herein after provided, in case the Party or Parties appellate shall give fumcient Security, to be approved of by the Court in which such Sentence or Interlocutory Decree shall be given, to rellore the Ship, Veil'd, Goods, or Effects, concerning which such Sentence or Interlocutory Decree shall be pronounced, or the full Value thereof, to the Appellant or Appellants, in case the Sentence or Interlocutory Decree so appealed from shall be reversed.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That in case any Person who was not a Party in the first Instance of the Cause, shall intervene in or interpose an Appeal from a Sentence or Interlocutory Decree, having the Force of a definitive Sentence, given or pronounced in any Admiralty Court, such Person, or his or her Agent or Agents, shall at the same Time enter his or her Claim, otherwise such Appeal shall be null and void.

XXVII. ' And whereas great Inconveniencies have arisen by Appeals in Prize Causes not being prosecuted

in a reasonable Time, and from secret Appeals or Protocols of Appeal being entered before a Notary Publick, without any Notice given to the Court or Parties appellate, or their Prodlors for Remedy whereof, be it enacted, That every Person, being a Party or not a Party in a Prize Cause in the High Court of Admiralty of England, or in any Vice Admiralty Court, and ag&inft whom a Sentence shall hereafter be given, or any Interlocutory Decree having the Force of a definitive Sentence pronounced, and who shall appeal therefrom, shall prosecute such his Appeal by taking out the usual Inhibition, within twelve Months after the Time such Sentence or Interlocutory Decree shall be given; and that after the Expiration of the said Term of twelve Months without any Inhibition having been taken out, no Appeal shall be allowed to be prosecuted by any Person being a Party or not a Party in the said High Court of Admiralty or Vice-Admiralty, nor shall any Inhibition be granted at the Prayer of such Person or his Proctor, but the said Sentence or Interlocutory Decree shall (band confirmed as to such Person: Provided nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of Appeals, in all Cases in which it shall appear that a Distribution has not taken Place, to permit an Appeal to be prosecuted after the Term of twelve Months elapsed, where upon special Cause shewn, they shall deem such Permission fit and reasonable to be given.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That in case any Appeal shall be interposed from a Sentence or Interlocutory Decree, having the Force of a definitive Sentence, given or pronounced in any Court of Admiralty or Vice-Admiralty concerning any Ship or Vessel, or Goods or Effects, which have been, or now are, or shall hereafter be seized and taken as Prize, that then and in such Case the Judge of such Court of Admiralty or Vice-Admiralty shall and may, at the Request, Cods, and Charges, either of the Captor or Claimant, (or of the Claimant only in case where the Privilege is reserved in favour of the Claimant, by any Treaty or Treaties subsisting between his Majesty and foreign Powers, ) make an Order to have such Capture appraised, unless the Patties shall otherwise agree upon the Value thereof, and an Inventory to be made, and then take Security for the full Value thereof accordingly; and thereupon cause such Capture to be delivered to the Party, giving such Security in like Manner as is herein-before enacted, notwithstanding such Appeal; and if there shall be any Difficulty or sufficient Objection to the giving or taking Security, the Judge mail, at the Request of either of the Parties, order such Goods and Efftds to be entered, landed, and sold by publick Auction, under the Care and Custody of the proper Officers of the Customs, and under the Direction and Inspection of such Persons as shall be appointed by the Claimants and Captors, and the Monies arising from the Sale shall be brought into Court, and by the Register, Deputy Register or Deputy Registers of the said Court, be deported in the Bank of England, or (in case the Captors and Claimants mall agree thereto) in some publick Securities, at Interest, in the Names of the Register, and of such Trustees as they the said Captors and Claimants shall appoint, and the Court shall approve; and if such Security shall be given by the Claimants, then the Judge shall give such captured Ship or VeflU a Pass under his Seal to prevent its being again taken by his Majesty's Subjects in its destined Voyage.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Sentence or Interlocutory Decree, having the Force of a definitive Sentence of such Court of Admiralty or Vice-Admiralty, shall be finally reversed after Sale of any Ship or Goods, pursuant to the Directions in this Act contained, the Net Proceeds of such Sale (after Payment of all Expences attending the fame) shall be deemed and taken to be the full Value of such Ship and Goods, and that the Party or Parties appellate, and their Securities, shall not be answerable for the Value beyond the Amount of such Net Proceeds, unless it shall appear that such Sale was made fraudulently or without due Care.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Judge, Register, or Deputy Register, Marshal or Deputy Marshal, or any other Officer whomsoever, of or belonging to any Court of Admirdty or Vice-Admiralty, nor any Person or Persons practising either as Advocate, Proctor, or otherwise, in any such Court or Courts, shall be concerned or interested, directly or indirectly as Owner, Part Owner, Sharer, or Adventurer, in any private Ship or Ships, or Vessel or Vessels of War, whatsoever, haring any Commission or Commissions, or l^etter of Marque as aforesaid; and in case any such Judge, Register, Deputy Register, Marshal, Deputy Marshal, or other Officer, Advocate, or Proctor whatsoever, shall notwithstanding this Act be directly or indirectly concerned or interested as aforesaid, such Judge, Register, Deputy Register, Marshal, Deputy Marshal, or other

7 F a Officer

1139

Appellant! not Parlies in the first IntUnce, shall enter the ir Claims on Appeal.

Appellants shall take out Inhibitions within twelve Monlbs;

unless ©n specift Cause.

On Appeal!, Captures shall be appraised, and on Security for the Value be delivered, or the ESofts (bM, and the Money deposited.

Pass for captured Vessels.

On Reversal of Sentence, net Proceeds of the Capture shall be deemed their Value.

No Judge, or other Officer of any Court of Admiralty, or any Person prac-fifing therein, shall be inte re fled in Privateer!: Penalty, Forfeiture of Office, 500l. and Disability.

1140

C. 160

- 43° GEORGII III.

Register, Marshal, See. shall not act as Advocate or Prohor in the Court to which he belongs.

Penalty, Forfeiture oi Office.'

His Majesty may give Directions to Courts of Admiralty.

Penalty on Commanders of Privateers ransoming Prizes, unless in extreme Neccf-

Forfeiture of Letter of Marque, See,

No captured Vessel belonging to his Majesty's Subjects shall be ransomed.

Contracts for Ransom yoid.

Penalty on Persons ransoming contrary to this 500l.

Head Money, i.e. Bounty of 5l. shall be paid to the Crews of British Ships of War for every Man on board, at the Beginning of the Engagement, of any Enemy's Ships taken or de-stroyed.

Oath and Certificate of the Number actually on board*

A.D. 1803.

Officer respectively, (kail for every such Offence (being thereof lawfully convicted in any of his Majesty* Courts of Record in Great Britain, or at any General Session of the Peace in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America) absolutely forfeit his Office and Employment in and belonging to any such Court of Admiralty or Vice-Admiralty, of what Kind' or Nature soever such Office or Employment may be, and shall also forfeit and pay to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and every such Advocate or Proctor respectively shall for such last mentioned Offence (being thereof lawfully convicted in Manner aforesaid), be from thenceforth absolutely disqualified and rendered incapable of practising, either as an Advocate or Proctor, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty or Vice-Admiralty wheresoever.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Register or Deputy Register, nor any Marshal or Deputy Marshal, of or belonging to any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty or Vice-Admiralty whatsoever shall, either directly or indirectly, by himself or themselves, or by any Agent or Agents, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, ad or be concerned in any Manner, either as an Advocate or Prod or in any Cause, Matter, or Bufintfs whatsoever, that shall be depending in any such Court or Courts of Admiralty or Vice-Admiralty, to which such Register, Deputy Register, Marshal, or Deputy Marshal, shall then belong; and that every Register, Deputy Register, Marshal, or Deputy Marshal, who shall be guilty of such Offence (being thereof lawfully convicted, either upon an Information or Indictment in Manner aforesaid) shall from thenceforth absolutely forfeit his respective Office and Employment of Register, Deputy Register, Marshal, or Deputy Marshal, in and belonging to the same Court.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to reftram his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from giving such further Rules and Directions from Time to Time to his respective Courts of Admiralty and Vice-Admiralty, for the Adjudication and Condemnation of Prizes, and for regulating the Fees of the said Courts, and amending and altering the Table of Fees therein, as by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, shall be thought ne« cessary or proper.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case at any Time or Times any Commander or Commanders of any private Ship or Ships, or Vessel or Vessels of War commissioned as aforesaid, shall agree with the Commander or Commanders, or other Person or Persons, of or belonging to any neutral or other Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, or the respective Cargo or Cargoes thereof, or any Part thereof, for the Ransom of any such Ship, Vessel, or Cargo, or any Part thereof, after the same shall have been taken as Prize, and shall, in pursuance of such Agreement or Agreements, actually quit, set at Liberty, or discharge any such Prize or Prizes, instead of bringing the same into some Port or Ports belonging to his Majesty's Dominions, that then all and every of the Commander and Commanders of such Private Ship or Ships, or Vessel or Vessels of War, who shall agree for any such Ransom, and shall quit, set at Liberty, or discharge any such Prize or Prizes in Manner aforesaid, unless in a Case of extreme Necessity, to be allowed by the Court of Admiralty, shall forfeit his or their Letter of Marque, and shall suffer such Penalties of Fine and Imprisonment as the said Court shall adjudge.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any of his Majesty's Subjects to ransom, or to enter into any Contract or Agreement for ransoming, any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of his Majesty's Subjects, or any Merchandize or Goods on board the fame, which shall be captured by the Subjects of any State at War with his Majesty, or by any Persons committing Hostilitie3 against his Majesty's Subjects, unless in the Case of extreme Necessity to be allowed by the Court of Admiralty.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Contrad3 and Agreements which shall be entered into, and all Bills, Notes, and other Securities, which shall be given by any Person or Persons for Ransom of any Ship or Vessel, or of any Merchandize or Goods on board the fame, contrary to this Act, shall be absolutely auU and void in "Law, and of no Effect whatsoever.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, contrary to this Act, ransom or enter into any Contract or Agreement for ransoming any such Ship or Vessel, or any Merchandize or Goods on board the fame, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, by any Person or Persons who shall sue for the fame, by Action of Debt in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, in which Action no Essoign, Protection, Imparlance, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed.

XXXVII. ' And, as a further Encouragement to the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, and others on

board his Majesty's Ships of War, as also of Privateers, to attack, take, and destroy any Ships of War or

Privateers belonging to the Enemy; be it enacted, That there shall be paid by the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy upon Bills to be made forth by the Commissioners of the Navy, to be paid according to the Course thereof, without Fee or Reward, unto the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, and others, who shall have been actually on board any of his Majesty's Ship or Ships of War, or hired armed Vessel or Vessels, or of any Privateer or Privateers, at the actual taking, sinking, burning, or otherwise destroying any Ship or Ships of War or Privateers belonging to the Enemy* lince the second Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three, and during the present War, five Pounds for every Man who was living on board any Ship or Vessel so taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, at the Beginning of the Attack or Engagement between them, the Numbers of such Men to be proved by the Oath oi three or more of the Chief Officers or Men who were belonging to the said Ship or Ships of War or Privateers of the Enemy, or belonging to any of them at the Time of her or their being taken as Prize, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, or (*n case so many as three shall not survive the Engagement) upon the Oaths or Oath of such of them as shall survive, before the Mayor or other Chief Magistrateof the Port within any of his Maj. fly's Dominions whereurto any Prize, or Officers or Men of such Ships as were taken, sunk, burnt, or other wile destroyed, shall be brought, ox before the British

Conlui

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 160. 1141

Consul or Vice Consul redding at any Neutral Port to which such Prize, or Officers or Men shall be brought 5 which Oaths the said Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of any such Port, or Consul or Vice Consul, are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer, and shall (without Fee or Reward) forthwith grant a Certificate thereof, and also of the Deponents or Deponent (if lets than three) having like wife made Oath, that to the beflof his or their Knowledge and Belief no other Person or Persons belonging to the Enemy's Ship or Ships survived the Engagement, which Certificate shall be directed to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy; and upon the Production thereof to them the said Commissionera, together with an authentick Copy of the Sentence or Decree of Condemnation of such Ship so taken, or where such Certificate cannot be had and obtained, then upon producing only a Copy of the Sentence or Decree of Condemnation, whereby the Number of Men on board such Ships of the Enemy shall appear to have been proved, or if such Ships be sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, on producing only a Certificate from the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate, or Consul or Vice Consul as aforesaid, the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, shall, according to the Course of the Navy, within fifteen Days make out Bills for the Amount of such Bounty, directed to the Treasurer of the Navy, payable to and to be divided amongst the Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers on board his Majesty's Ships of War or hired armed Ships, in Manner, Form, and Proportion, as by his Majesty's Proclamation for granting the Distribution of Prizes, already issued or to be issued for that Purpose, is or shall be directed and appointed, and amongst the Owners, Officers, and Seamen of any private Ship or Vessel of War, in such Manner and Proportion as by any Agreement in Writing they shall have entered into for that Purpose, shall be directed: Provided nevertheless, that in all Cases where such Oath and Certificate cannot be administered and granted at the first Port whertunto any Prize or Officers or Men of such Ships as have been or shall be taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, shall be brought, such Oath or Oaths relating to any Prize or Prizes that shall be taken, or to any Ships of his Majesty's Enemies that shall be sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed as aforesaid, shall and may be administered and taken by and before the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of any Port within any of his Majesty's Dominions, or by or before the British Consul or Vice Consul redding at any Neutral Port whereunto any Prize or Prizes, or Officers or Men of any Ships belonging to his Majesty's Enemies, as have or shall be taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, shall at any Time afterwards be brought (Proof being first made by Affidavit before such Person or Persons of the Inability of making such Oath or Oaths, and obtaining such Certificate at the said first Port), and the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate, Consul or Vice Consul, shall thereupon grant such Certificate and Certificates as are herein-before directed, which Certificate and Certificates shall be good and effectual to all Intent* and Purposes, as if the same were granted by the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate, Consul or Vice Consul of the Port to which such Prize or Prizes, Officers or Men as aforesaid, shall be (irft brought; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided also, that where such Oath of the Number of Men on board any Ship or Ships so taken, burnt, sunk, or otherw ife destroyed, cannot be had by reason of the total Destruction of the Officers and Crew of such Ship or Ships, then and in every such Case the Number of Men on board such Ship or Ships at the Beginning of the Attack or Engagement shall be ascertained by such Evidence as under the Circumstances of the Case shall, by the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, or by the Judgeof any other Court duly authorized, be deemed sufficient Proof thereof: Provided likcufife, that in a y Cases in which Doubts shall arise whether the Party or Parties claiming Head Money are entitled thereto, the same shall befummarily determined by the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, or by the Judge of any other Court of Admiralty in which the Prize shall have been adjudged, subject nevertheless to an Appeal to the Lords Commissioners of Appeal in Prize Causes.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Bill or Bills to be made out for the Bounty hereby granted to the Commanders, Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, and others of his Majesty's Ships of War, or hired armed Ships, for taking, sinking, burning, or otherwise destroying any Ships of War or Privateers belonging to any of his Majesty's Enemies, shall be made payable to such Person or Persons as shall be authorized and appointed Agents for Appraisements and Sales of Prize, the same Bounty to be distributed and divided by the said Person or Persons so authorized and appointed amongst the Captors, in such Manner, Form, and Proportion as aforesaid; the several Shares of such Captors as shall run from his Majesty's Service, and of such as shall not be legally demanded within three Years after publick Notification, shall be paid and applied to the Use of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, subject to the same Provisoes and Exceptions as in the Case of Prize Monies; and that the Bill or Bills to be made out for the Bounty hereby granted to Privateers for taking, burning, sinking, or otherwise destroying any Ships of War or Privateers belonging to any of his Majesty's Enemies, shall be made payable to such Person or Persons as shall be nominated and appointed by the Owner or Owners, Officers, and Seamen, of such Privateer or Privateers who shall have taken, burnt, sunk, or otherwise destroyed the fame, or the major Part of them, t6be divided in such Manner and Proportions as shall have been agreed on by them as aforesaid.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel or Boat, taken as Prize, or any Goods therein, shall appear and be proved in any Court of Admiralty having a Right to take Cognizance thereof to have belonged to any of his Majesty's Subjects of Great Britain or Ireland, or of any of the Dominions and Territories remaining and continuing und^r his Majesty's Protection and Obedience, which were before taken or surprized by any of his Majesty's Euemies, and at any Time afterwards again surprized and retaken by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or any Privateer or other Ship, Vessel, or Boat under his Majesty's Protection and Obedience, that then such Ships, Vessels, Boats, and Goods, and every such Pan and Parts thereof as aforesaid, formerly belonging to such his Majesty's Subjects, shall in all Cases save in such as are hereafter excepted) be adjudged to be rest oral, and shall be by Decree of the said Court of Admiralty accordingly restored to such former Owner or Owners or Proprietors, he or they paying for and in lieu of Salvage, if retaken by any of his Majesty's Ships or hired armed Ships, one eighth Part of the true Value of the

How Navy Rills shall be made out forihe Bounty.

Provisoa* toOath and Ceitiiicatej

as to total Deft ruction of Enemy'* Ship.

Summary

Determination.

Bill-? for thr* Booni) th , 1 i.e made j a) .ibk lo the

Pi I\ alter*.

Vc (Tels formerly

belonging to im

Majesty's Sun-jcCttaken liwn tneEncmv, (h.'.H be icft red up n Payment ol Salvage.

Amount of Salvage, one Eighth lo King's Sbi|<s, one Sulk |0 Privatctrs;

v according to Pi regions of Com t of Admiralty,

Etcepio* .tffl* Ships fined rut for War by the Enemy.

Prizes collu-F.vely lellurt d by Privateers th.: ll be Prize to his Majesty.

Penalty on re-Itoring Pi izes eollufivdy, Forfeit uic of Kond by Piivatceis {J* §10.), 1000I, Forfeit-ture of Office, and Disability by Giptniits of Kira's Ships.

But Ships retaken before carried into the Enemy's Ports may prosecute their Voyages.

Prize VeflfeU condemned (h ill be deemed Hri-tish-fiuilt, being registered under 26 G. 3. c. 60.

Penalty for breaking Bulk, or embezzling any Pa it of Pi izes, Forfeiture of Shares, and treble Value.

C. 160. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

the Ships, Vessels, Boats, and Goods respectively so to be restored, which said Salvage of one Eighth shall be answered and paid to the Flag Officers, Captains, Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers in his Majesty's said Ship or Ships of War, to be divided in such Manner as before in this Act is directed, touching the Share of Prizes belonging to the Flag Officers, Captains, Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, where Prizes are taken by any of his Majesty's Ships of War; and if retaken by any Privateer, or other Ship, Vessel, or Boat, one sixth Part of the true Value of the said Ships, Vessels, Boats, and Goods; all which Payments to be made to the Owner or Owners, Officers and Seamen, of such Privateer or other Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall be without any Dcdudions, and shall be divided in such Manner and Proportions as mall have been agreed on by them as aforesaid; and in case such Ship, Vessel, or Goods shall have been retaken by the joint Operation or Means of one or more of his Majesty's Slops, and one or more private Ship or Ships, then the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, or other Court having Cognizance thereof, shall order and adjudge such Salvage to be paid to the Recaptors, by the Owner or Owners of such retaken Snip, Vessel, or Goods, as he shall, under the Circumstances of the Cale, deem fit and reasonable; which Salvage lo to be adjudged shall be accordingly paid by the Owners of such retaken Ship, Vessel, or Goods, to the Agents of the Recaptors, in such Proportions as the said Court shall adjudge; but if such Ship or Vessel To retaken shall appear to have been, after the taking by his Majesty's Enemies, by them set forth as a Ship or Vessel of War, the said Ship or Vessel shall not be rellored to the former Owners or Proprietors, but shall in all Cases, whether retaken by any of his Majesty's Ships or by any Privateer, be adjudged lawful Prize for the Benefit of the Captors.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ship or Vessel, or any Goods or Merchandize, shall be taken or retaken, and restored by the Commander, or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Privateer or other Ship, Vessel, or Boat under his Majesty's Protection and Obedience, through Cunfent, or clandestinely, or by Collusion or Connivance of such Commander or other Person, without bang brought to Adjudication, the Ship and Vessel, and Goods and Merchandize, so taken or retaken and rellored, and also the Ship's Tackle, Furniture, Apparel, Arms, and Ammunition, shall, upon Proof thereof to be made in any Court of Admiralty having legal Cognizance thereof, be declared and adjudged to be good Prize to his Majesty, one Moiety whereof mall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and one Moiety to the Use of such Person who shall discover and sue for the lame; and the Bond given by the Captain or Commander of such Privateer, or other Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall he and is hereby declared to be forfeited to his Majesty; and in case any such Ship or Vessel, or any Goods or Merchandize as aforesaid, shall be taken or retaken and restored by any Commander, Captain, or other Officer having the Command of any Ship or Vessel of War belonging to his Majesty, through Consent, or clandeilinely, or by Collusion or Connivance of such Commander, Captain, or other Officer, such Commander, Captain, or other Officer, shall forfeit the Sum of one thousand Pounds, 6ne Moiety thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and one Moiety, together with full Colls of Suit, to the Use of such Person as shall discover and sue for the fame, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or any more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and such Commander, Captain, or other Officer, shall forfeit his Command and Employment, and shall be and is hereby disabled and made incapable of holding any Office or Employment under his Majesty during the Space of seven Years; and the said Goods and Merchandize, and the Ship, Tackle, Apparel, Furniture, Guns, and Ammunition, so taken or retaken and restored in Manner aforesaid, shall be and is herely directed to be adjudged in all Courts of Admiralty having legal Cognizance thereof, as good Prize to his Majesty.

XLI. Provided nevertheless, and be it hereby enacted, That if a Ship be retaken before (he has been carried into an Enemy's Port, it shall be lawful for her, if the Recaptors content thereto, to prosecute her Voyage, and it shall not benecefTary for the Recaptors to proceed to Adjudication till six Months, or till the Return of the Ship to the Port from which she failed; and it shall be lawful for the Master, the Owners, or their Agents, with the Consent of the Recaptors, to unliver and dispose of their Cargoes before Adjudication; and in case the VefM shall not return direct, to the Port from whence she failed, or the Recaptors shall have had no Opportunity of proceeding regularly to Adjudication within six Months, on account of the Absence of the said Vessel, the Court of Admiralty shall, at the Instance of the Recaptors, decree the Restitution to the former Owners, paying Salvage, upon such Evidence as to the said Court shall, under the Circumstances of the Case, appear r.easonable, the Expence of such Proceeding not to exceed the Sum of fourteen Pounds.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all Prize Ships or Vessels which shall be legally condemned shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, be considered as British-h\n\l Ships or Vessels, being first duly registered according to the Provisions of the said recited Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and shall be deemed and taken as such, and shall be entitled to have and enjoy all and every the same Rights, Liberties, Privileges, and Advantages, in all Respects whatsoever, with i?W/^&-built Ships or Vessels, and shall be subject and liable to all and every the Rules and Regulations that British-built Ships or Vessels are subjcdland liable to; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Commander or Commanders, Officer or Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, or others, shall break Bulk on board, except in case of Necessity to be allowed by the Court of Admiralty, or embezzle any of the Money, Jewels, Plate, Goods, Merchandize, Tackle, Furniture, or Apparel of or belonging to any Prize or Prizes, such Commander, Officer, Seaman, Marine, .Soldier, or other Person, shall for every such Offence forfeit his whole Share in such Prize to his Majesty, for the Use of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and so to be adjudged on Prof thereof by the Court of Admiralty in which such Proof shall be made, and shall also forfeit Treble the Value of all such Money, Jewels, Plate, Goods, Merchandize, Tackle, Furniture, or Apparel, as he or they shall embezzle, one third Part thereof to be to the Use of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and the other two third Parts thereof, together with full Costs

of

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 160.

"43

iative to Prizes, or of Law of Nations, Captures shall be Prize to his Majesty, &c.

Navy or Victualling Board may purchase Naval Stores found on board Foreign Ships taken at Prize.

of Suit, to him or them that will sue for the fame, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, in which no EiToign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XLIV. And be it further enacted and declared, That it shall be lawful for the Judge of the High Court of On Breach of Admiralty, or the Judge of any other Court lawfully commissioned to take Cognizance of Prize, upon due Proof of the Breach of any of his Majesty's Instructions relating to Prizes, or of any Offence against the Law of Na- 2 tions committed by the Captors in relation to any Prize, or to the Persons taken on board the fame, to condemn the Prize to his Majesty's Use and Disposal, save as herein above is directed with respect to breaking of Bulk or Embezzlement; and where the Prize hath been taken by a Ship having a Commission or Letter of Marque to revoke the fame, and to pronounce the Bond to be forfeited, and to compel Payment of the Penalty secured thereby, subject nevertheless to an Appeal to the Lords Commissioners of Appeals in Prize Causes.

XLV. And whereas great Numbers of Ships of foreign Nations may pass the Seas laden with Naval Stores,

intended to be carried to the Ports of France, whereby his Majesty's Enemies may not only be enabled and en- couraged to fit out and arm Privateers to destroy the Trade of his Majesty's Subjects, but may also be supplied with Materials to build and fit out Ships of War, to annoy and invade his Majesty's Dominions: And whereas divers Ships of foreign Nations, laden as aforesaid, may be taken and brought into the Ports of Great Britain, and the Purchase of such Naval Stores laden on board such Ships of foreign Nations for the Service of his Majesty may in many Cases be expedient without proceeding to the Condemnation thereof; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy or Victualling for the Time being, or their Officers or Agents, during the Continuance of the present War, to purchase on the Account or for the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors only, all or any such Naval Stores found on board any such Ships of foreign Nations, which have been or shall or may hereafter be brought into any of the Ports of this Kingdom by any of his Majesty* Ships or Vessels, or by any.private Ships or Vessels of War, or other Ships or Vessels having a Commission or Letters of Marque, and that the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs for the Time being shall and may permit and suffer such Naval Stores so purchased as aforesaid, to be entered and landed within any of the Ports of this Kingdom, any Thing in an Act of Parliament passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasng of Shipping and Navigation, or in any other Statute made subsequent thereto, contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall falsely make Oath to any of the Penalty on false Matters herein-before required to be verified on Oath, or fubom any other Person so to do, such Person or Oaths, Sec. Persons shall suffer the like Pains and Penalties as are incurred by Persons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury; and that if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit, erase, alter, or falsi(y any Commission for War, or Letter of Marque, or any Warrant for making out the fame, or any Certificate required or directed by this Act to be obtained, or shall publish or make use of any such Commission for War, or Warrant for making out the fame, or any Certificate as aforesaid, knowing the same to be counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XLVII. And be it further Aiacted, That where the Offence of taking a false Oath, or fuboming any Person so to do, or any of the Offences by this Act made cognizable in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain shall be committed out of this Realm, the same may be alleged to be committed, and may be laid, inquired of, tried, and determined in any County in England, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been actually done or committed within the Body of such County.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Appraisements and Sales of any Ship or Ships, Goods, Wares, or Merchandize as shall be taken by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, shall be made by Agents appointed by the Flag Officers or Flag Officer, Captains or Captain, Officers or Officer, Ships' Companies or Company, and others entitled thereto; that is to say, that if the Flag Officers or Flag Officer of any Fleet or Squadron of Ships as shall take any such Prize or Prizes, or the Majority, if more than one, shall appoint one or more Person or Persons, Agent or Agents as aforesaid, then the Captains and Commanders or Captain and Commander entitled thereto, or the Majority of them, if more than one, may appoint the like Number to aA for them; and all the other Officers under the Degree of a Captain and Commander may appoint the like NumbeF to aA for them; and all the Crews of the several Ships' Companies of the Fleet or Squadron, or Ship's Company, and others entitled thereto, may likewise appoint the like Number to aA for them in such Appraisementa and Sales; and in the Case of hired armed Ships, if the Captain shall appoint one or more Person, Agent or Agents, the Crew shall appoint a like Number to aA for them in such Appraisements and Sales.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall be so nominated and ap- iMnii

pointed Agent or Agents as aforesaid, for any Prize or Prizes taken by any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels of register their War, or for receiving the Bounty herein after granted, shall exhibit and cause to be registered in the said High Power of Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, in the respective Courts of Admiralty in America, or in any other his Ma- Attorney, jesty's Dominions where the said Prize and Prizes, and every of them, shall be proceeded against, his or their respective Letter or Letters of Attorney, appointing him or them Agent or Agents for the Purposes aforesaid; a if any Person or Persons so appointed Agent or Agents as aforesaid shall, without sufficient Cause to be ap-

as for Perjury; counterfeiting Letters of Marque, 500L

Offence* committed out of the Realm may be tried in any Fuglifti County.

Directions for appointing Prize Agents.

Agents shall

an<

proved by the Court, omit or delay so to do for the Space of twenty Days after the Monition has been taken out in the said High Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in any Court of Vice Admiralty in America, or other his Majesty's Dominions, for the Care and Distribution of which he or they shall be appointed Agent or Agents, such Person or Persons so omitting or delaying shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered by Penally 5!*' him or them who shall sue for the lame, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any Court of Record

ii44 C.i6o. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Agents shall jivr Sttuxiiy in 5000l.

Registers of Courts of A<!mil ally shall tfrui Powers cl Attorney,

and transmit Copies to G'eeuwich Hospital,

Penalty 100l.

Regirteis of Vice-Admiralty Courts shall transmit to Doct >rs Commons Lilt of Pi ires adjudged.

Agents appointed after Condemnation Hull register Poweis of Attorney.

(AV.- §49.)

Rt-gi tiers of Admiralty Courts in America, be. shall transmit to Greenwich Huf-pital Copies of i-eiteis of Attorney icgirtcr-ed in their Courts.

Penalty 500l.

Cop; es of Letters of Attorney and Regillry shall be E\ idence of Agency. (anitfce^ 59.)

Prize Agents shall gi\c

Cord in Great Britain, America, or in any other of his Majesty's Dominions, in which no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

L. And be it further enacted, That every Agent when he shall register the first Letter or Letters of Attor ney, which fn pursuance of this Act he shall register after the passing thereof, shall at the same Time give Se-curity in the Sum of five thousand Pounds to the Court of Admiralty in which such Letter or Letters shall be registered, for the due Execution of his Trust in all Matters of Prize Agency that shall be committed to his Care during the present War; and if he shall neglect or refuse so to do, Inch Letter or Letters of Attorney shall be null and void, and he shall be for ever disabled from a&ingas an Agent in Matters of Prize.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the Register or Registers of his Majesty's High Court of Admiralty, and of all other Courts of Admiralty in his Majesty's Dominions, shall from Time to Time duly enter or register, or cause to be entered or registered, in one or more Book or Books to be by him or them kept for that Purpose only, all Letters of Attorney that shall be exhibited or delivered to them after the passing of this Act, by any Agent or Agents for any Prize or Prizes taken or to be taken by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War or hired armed Ships, or by any Agent or Agents for the Receipt and Distribution of any Bounty Bill or Bills, within fourteen Days after the same shall be so exhibited or delivered to such Register or Registers at his or their respective Offices, which Registry shall contain the Days of Delivery and Entry, the Dates of the Letters of Attorney, the Names and Places of Abode of the Agents, the Names of the Prizes taken, or of the Ships of War or Privateers of the Enemy taken, burnt, sunk, or otherwise destroyed, together with the Names of the Ships or Vessels by which such Prizes shall have been taken, or by which such Ships of War or Privateers of the Enemy shall have been taken, burnt, sunk, or otherwise destroyed, together with the Date of the Condemnation, if any Condemnation shall have passed thereon, and of the Appeal, if any interposed; and the Register or Registers shall, on the twenty-sixth l)ay of December and the twenty-fifth Day of June, or within forty Days thereafter in every Year, transmit or deliver unto the Treasurer of the said Hospital, or to the lawful Deputy of such Treasurer for the Time being, a true Copy or Transcript under his or their Hand or Hands of all such Entries as aforesaid, within the preceding Half Year; and if such Register or Registers shall neglect or refuse to make or keep such Entries, or to tranunit or deliver such Copies thereof as aforesaid, within the respective Times herein-before limited for that Purpose, he or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered by ACHon of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, in which no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

LII. And be it further enacted, That the Registers of every Vice Admiralty Court, shall, on the twenty-sixth Day of December and twenty-fifth Day of June in every Year, transmit to the Register of the High Court of Admiralty, a List of all the Prizes that have been adjudged in their Courts respectively, together with the Names of the capturing Ships, and their Commanders, and the Agents of the Captors, and a Copy of the decretal Part of the Sentences upon the fame; wdiich Lifts shall be hun^ up for publick Inspection in the Registry at Doctors Commons, together with similar Lists of the Prizes adjudged in the High Court of Admiralty, and in the Court of Appeal.

LIII. Provided always, That if any Agent or Agents shall be appointed after the Time any Sentence of Condemnation in any of the said Courts of Admiralty shall be given, such Agent or Agents shall, under the aforesaid Penalty, register or cause to be registered, in Manner aforesaid, his or their respective Letters or Letter of Attorneys, appointing him or them Agent or Agents as aforesaid, within the Space of twenty Days after the Date of the said Letter or Letters of Attorney.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Register or Registers of all and every the Court and Courts of Admiralty in any of his Majesty's 'Plantations in America, or elle where in any of his Majesty's Dominions, shall yearly and every Year, upon the twenty-third Day of October, or within three Calendar Months next after the fame, make out and transcribe true Copies of all and every such Letter and Letters of Attorney as shall be so registered in the said Court or Courts, to which the Judge and Judges of the said Court and Courts shall affix his and their Seal of Office, and then the said Register and Registers shall transmit the same to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich to be there registered, and to be inspected by any Person gratis, the Charges of which Copies, and affixing the Seal or Seals thereto, and transmitting the same to the Treasurer of the said Hospitals, shall be paid by the said Agent or Agents at the Time of making such Registry as aforesaid; and in case such Register or Registers shall neglect or refuse to transcribe and transmit such Copy and Copies of the said Letter and Letters of Attorney in Manner aforesaid (if any Ship or Ships in that Time shall fail from that Port or Place to any Port or Ports in Great Britain), such Register and Regillers so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered by him or them who will sue for the fame, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record in Great Britain or America, or elsewhere, iu any other of his Majesty's Dominions, in which no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

LV. < And for the better and more effectual making such Letters of Attorney Evidence of the Agency of 6 the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, ' be it further enacted, That true Copies of such Letter or Letters of Attorney, and of Transcripts under Seal ttansmitted by the said Regiller or Registers of the Court and Courts of Admiralty in his Majesty's Plantations in America, and elsewhere within his Majesty's Dominions, and registered by the said Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, shall from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, be good and sufficient Evidence of the Agency of the Person or Persons to whom such Letter of Attorney is or shall be made, and from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter shall be admitted without further or other Proof thereof to be legal Evidence in all his Majesty's Courts of Record of Law or Equity; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That, after the Sale or Sales of any Prize or Prizes which have been or shall be taken from the Enemy by any of his Majesty's Ships of War or hired armed Ships, publick Notification

7 in

U45

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C> i6o>

in Manner herein after mentioned shall be given by the Persons or Agents appointed as aforesaid, for the Payment of the several Shares to the Captors aforesaid; that is to say, if the Prize or Prizes shall have been or shall be condemned in his Majesty's High Court of Admiralty of Great Britain, then the Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, for the Appraisement and Sale of such Prize or Prizes, shall insert and publish, or cause to be inserted and published, such Notification under his or their Hand or Hands respectively, in the London Gazette, and if in any Court of Vice-Admiralty, then in some Gazette or Newspaper of public Authority, of the Island or Place where the Prize or Prizes shall have been or shall be condemned; and if there shall be no Gazette or such other Newspaper published there, then in some or one of the most publick Newspapers of such Island or Place; and all Persons or Agents publishing or causing to be published every such Notification respectively shall deliver to the Collector, Customer, or Searcher for the Time being, of his Majesty's Customs, residing at or belonging to the Port or Place where the Prize or Prizes shall have been or shall be condemned, or the lawful Deputy or Deputies of such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, and if there shall be no such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, then such Persons or Agents as aforesaid shall deliver to the principal Officer or Officers of the Port or Place where the Prize or Prizes shall have been or shall be condemned, or to the lawful Deputy or Deputies of such principal Officer or Officers, three of those Gazettes or other Newspapers in which such Notification shall be so inserted and published; and if there should not be any publick Newspapers in any such Island or Place, then such Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, shall give three such Notifications in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands to the said Collector, .Customer, or Searcher, 'or the Deputy or Deputies of such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, or where there shall be ro such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, to such principal Officer or Officers, or his or their Deputy or Deputies aforesaid; and every such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, and principal Officer or Officers or such Deputy or Deputies, shall subscribe his or their Name or Names on feme c.mfpicuous Part of both the said Gazettes, New spapers, or written Notifications respectively; and by the first Ship which shall fail (after his or their Receipt of such Gazettes, Newspapers, or written Notifications, i'espectively) from such Port or Place to any Port in Great Britain, shall transmit or send to the Treasurer of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, or the Deputy of such Treasurer for the Time being, one of the said Gazettes, Newspapers, or written Notifications, with his or their Name or Names so subscribed to and upon the same respectively, to be there registered, and another Direction to the Treasurer of the Navy, or his Majesty's Paymaster of the Navy in London, and shall faithfully preserve and keep the other of the said three Gazettes, New spapers, or written Notifications, with his or their Name or Names thereon subscribed as aforesaid, in his or their Custody; and that in every such printed or written Notification as aforesaid the said Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, shall insert or specify his or their Place or Places of Abode, and the

?recite Day of the Month and Year appointed for the Payment of the several and respective Shares of the Size or Prizes to the Captors; and all such Notifications, with respeeb to Prizes condemned or to be condemned in Great Britain, shall be published in the London Gazette three Days at least before any Part or Parts, Share or Proportion of any such Prize or Prizes shall be paid to any such Person or Persons entitled thereto; and all such Notifications with respect to Prizes condemned or to be condemned in any other Part of his Majesty's Dominions, shall be delivered to the said Collector, Customer, or Searcher, or principal Officer or Officers as aforesaid respectively, or such respective Deputy or Deputies, three Days at least before any Part or Parts, Share, or Proportion of any such Prize or Prizes, shall be paid to any Person or Persons entitled thereto; after which several and respective Notifications, if any Man'-s Share shall remain in the Hands of the Persons or Agents appointed as aforesaid, either belonging to such Men as shall be run from his Majesty's Service, or which shall not be legally demanded wfithin three Years, then such Share or Shares so remaining in the Person's or Agent's Hands, or belonging to such Men as shall run from his Majesty's Service, shall go and be paid to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That, together with the Gazette, Newspaper, or written Notification so to be delivered to the Collector, Customer, or Searcher, or to their lawful Deputy or Deputies, or to the principal Officer, or his Deputy or Deputies, there shall be delivered by the Agent or Agents a written Notification of the Amount of an individual Share in each Class, w'hich Notification shall be transmitted to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or his Deputy; and a similar Notification shall in like Manner be delivered, and afterwards transmitted to the Treasurer of the Navy, or the Paymaster of the Navy in London; and if the Prize shall have been condemned in the High Court of Admiralty in Great Britain a written Notification to the like shall be transmitted by the Agent or Agents, immediately upon Publication of Notice for Payment in the London Gazette, to the Treasurer of the Navy or the Paymaster of the Navy in London.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Agent appointed or to be appointed for Appraisement or Sale of any Prize or Prizes, taken or to be taken from the Enemy by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or hired armed Vessel, or for the Distribution of any Bounty Money, shall r.cgledt or refuse to publish, give, or deliver any Notification herein directed or required to be published, giveu, or delivered, or shall not give, publish, or deliver, any such Notification before the Payment of any Part of such Prize or Bounty Money, and within the Times herein limited, or in the Manner herein appointed, or shall not specify or set forth in such Notification the Matters and Things herein directed to be specified and set forth, every such Person or Agent shall for such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain or America, or elsewhere in any of lrs Majesty's Dominions, in which no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and if any Collector, Customer, or Searcher of his Majesty's Customs, or principal Officer or Officers, or such Deputy or Deputies as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to receive or to attest, or shall not transmit or fend any such Gazette, Newspaper, or written Notification as aforesaid, in such Mauaer as is before directed, every such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, principal 43 Geo. III. "C Officer

Nolifrcation of the Payment '>1 Prize Money,

and deliver Unct Copies to Cuf-tom-huufe Officer* abroad, who shall u*i: f-ir it one to Gtcenwich HotpitjI, and one to T cafurtr of the Navy.

Contents of Notification.

Time of publidling fame.

Shaies unclaimed, tec. ffialJ be -paid to Greenwich Hospital.

Notice shall be given to Greenwich Hospital, &c. of the Amount of an individual Shate in each ClaU,cc.

Penalty for Neglect in giving or transmitting such Notices, loci.

Notifications regilteicd at Greenwich H..(Vital Jh .ll be Evidence 1 .Agency. Vn'lj>e §55.)

Before Payment of Prize*, Agent shall exhibit to Admiraliy Coult, on Oath, a Copy of the Account of Sale.

Penalty on Neglt<5l lo to do, or to distribute Procieds, Uc. 5>ol. and I'o. feituie 4>f 8 »T, d.

( Iv § jo.)

Admiralty Court may order and enforce Piftribuli >n of Proceeds.

Whenever Sentence of Condemnation is appealed from, the Judge may order ihe Proceeds of Sale lo be brought in and lodged in me Ban*, &c.

Agents may in

all Cases oi Condemnation be compelled to vet) the Proceeds in punlick S^coi i lie 9.

Agents shall adveitife their exhibiting Accounts ot Sales.

How Agents shall keep Orfice open for Payment ot Shares.

C. 160. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Officer or Officers, or such Deputy or Deputies so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be sued for and recovered in the same Manner as the above Penalty is directed to be sued for and recovered.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the Notifications in all such Gazettes, Newspapers, and in Writing respectively as aforesaid, which shall be so transmitted and attested by such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, or principal Officer or Officers, or such Deputy or Deputies as aforesaid, and registered at the said Royal Hospital, on Proof of the Hand-Writing of such Collector, Customer, Searcher, principal Officer or Officers, or Deputy or Deputies, from Time to Time and at all Times, shall be good and sufficient Evidence in all his Majesty's Courts of Law and Equity and Admiralty, that the Person or Persons whose Name or Names is or are therein set forth and specified as the Agent or Agents for the Prize or Prizes therein respectively mentioned, is or are such Agent or Agents.

LX. And be it further enacted, That all Agents appointed shall, after the Sale of any Prize is completed, and before the Time of the first Payment of the Prize Money to be dish ibuted, exhibit in the respective Court of Admiralty in which the Prize was condemned, or in the High Court of Admiralty, a Copy of their Accounts of Sales duly verified upon Oath, which Copy shall be deposited in the publick Registryof the Court, and all Parties intcrefled shall have Liberty to object to the Charges therein contained; and the said Court shall confirm or disallow the Accounts upon hearing the Objections, and shall make such further Order touching the said Accounts, or the Distribution of the Proceeds, as the Case may require; and any Agent who shall neglect or refute to bring in a Copy of his Accounts at the Time hereby directed, or who shall proceed to distribute without having exhitited a Copy of the said Accounts duly verified on Oath, or who shall refuse or neglect to obey an Order for the Distribution of the Proceeds, shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in any of his Majesty's Dominions, in which no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and shall moreover be subject to the Process of the Court of Admiralty, by Monition and Attachment, until he has obeyed the Order of the said Court, by exhibiting a Copy of the said Accounts duly verified as aforesaid, and until the said Accounts shall be duly confirmed, and the Proceeds distributed and paid; and it shall be lawful for the said Court to pronounce the Bond given with the Letter or Letters of Agency to be forfeited, and to levy the Penalties secured thereby from the Sureties in the said Bond.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, in all Cases in which the regular Time of Appeal is elapsed, or in which the Appeal hath been determined, to make an Order for the Distribution of the Proceeds, and to enforce the same by the Process of the said Court, in the Manner above provided, upon the Agent or Agents in whose Hands the Proceeds may be lodged, or to whom the Proceeds, having been deposited in the Bank, or vested in publick Sureties under any Order of the Court, may, by a further Order of the said Court, have been returned, and likewise by further Process against the Sureties of the said Agent or Agents.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful for the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, in all Cases wherein any Sentence of Condemnation pronounced in the said Court is appealed from, at the Time of serving the Inhibition thereon, or at any Time thereafter during the Pendency of the said Appeal, and without Prejudice to such Appeal, to assign the Agent or Agents, or other Persons, in whose Hands the Proceeds of the Prize may have come, a: the Prayer of either Party, to bring into and leave in the Regiilry the Net Proceeds of the Sales of such Prize, deducing therefrom so much as in the Discretion of the Judge shall be requisite to be left in the Hands of the Agent or Agents for the Expence? of defending the said Appeal; and the Proceeds so brought in shall be deposited in the Bank of England', or in case the Parties shall agree thereto, in some publick Securities, at Interest, in the Names of the Regiller or Deputy Regiiler, and of such Trustees a3 the Parties shall appoint and the Court shall approve; any Thing in this Act"contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafe3 of Condemnation in the High Court of Admiralty, where there is no Claimant or Appellant before the Court, it shall be lawful for the said Court at the Prayer of the Captors to compel the Agents by Process of Monition and Attachment to veil the Proceeds of the Property condemned in such publick Securities as the Captors shall elect, there to remain and accumulate for the Benefit of the Parties entitled, till the Time of Appeal shall be lapsed, subject nevertheless to the further Directions of the Court upon the Application of the Captors; and in all Cases of Condemnation in any Court of Vice-Admiralty, where there is no Claimant or Appellant before the Court, it shall be lawful for the said Court, at the Prayer of the Captors, to direct the Property captured, or the Proceeds thereof, to be forthwith transmitted to Great Britain, there to bevelled in such publick Securities (after being fold, if not already converted by Sale) as the Captors shall elect, until the regular Time of Appeal shall have lapsed, subject nevertheless to the Directions of the High Court of Admiralty upon the Application of the Captors.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Agent'shall, ten Days before he exhibits his Account of Sales in the Pvegillry of the High Court of Admiralty, cause Advertisements to be twice inserted in the London Gazette, notifying to all Persons concerned, that the Account of Sales of such Prize or Prizes will be brought into the Registry of the said Court.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That every Prize Agent shall, for one Year after the Time of Diflri-bution has commenced, keep an Office open two Days at least in every Week, during the usual Hours of Attendance for the Payment of Shares remaining due, which Days shall be specified in the Notification of Payment published in the Gazette.

LXVI. And whereas Petty Officers, Seamen, and Marines in his Majesty's Service have improvidently executed Powers of Attorney, by which they transfer the Interest in all Prizes which they may be concerned

4 ia

C. i6o.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III.

1147

in taking after the Execution of the same; be it therefore enacted, That no Power of Attorney given Power of At. by any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Marine, or Soldier serving as Marine in his Majesty's Service, shall be valid and lorney by Sea-effectual for the Receipt of Prize Money, unless the same shall specify the Name of the captured Ship or Vessel, mcn.<01 RcctiP* from the Condemnation of which, or her Cargo, the said Prize Money shall have arisen, together with the

Name of his Majesty's Ship of War by which the same was taken, nor unless the same be executed pursuant Name ofcap-

to the Directions contained in an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, in- tured and cap-tituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages, Prize Money, and other taring Ship, and Allowances due for the Service of Petty Officers and Seamen on board any of his Majesty's Ships; and also in an Act shall be executed passed in the thirty-second Year of his said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending 6

an Act passed in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further preventing 32 G. 3. c. 34, "

1 Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages. Prize Money, and other Allowances due for the Service of Sc c. 67.

Petty Officers amt Seamen on board any of his Majesty's Ships; and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines serving, or wl?o may have served on board any of his Majesty's Ships; and also another Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,\_An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign*? '

of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of 32 Geo}, <\ 67. 4 Wages, Prize Money, and other Allowances due for the Service of Petty Officers and Seamen on board any of extending/nr* 4 his Majesty's Ships and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commisswntd 10 irflun('-]

Officers of Marines, and Marines serving, or who may have served, on board any of his Majesty's Ships; ] and unless the same shall be examined and verified in the Manner directed by the said Act of the thirty-second Year [«S> 3- 3.

of his present Majesty's Reign, for Orders not exceeding seven Pounds. c- $ "]

LXVII. And be it furth er enacted, That for the Stamp Duty on such Instrument or special Power of Stamp Duty Attorney, not more than the Sum of one Shilling shall be paid. thereur, is.

EXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons belonging to any of his Majesty's Ships Run Men shall or Vessels of War, or to any Merchant Ship employed in his Majesty's Service, who shall run away or m»t be cm it led withdraw him or themselves from the Ship or Vessel by which any Prize or Prizes shall be taken fro m any of to_Pi«e Muncy, his Majesty's Enemies, or otherwise from his Majesty's Service, before or after Notifications shall be given by the Persons or Agents appointed as aforesaid, of the Day appointed for the Payment of the several Shares to the Captors of the said Prize or Prizes, shall have or be entitled to have, or claim any Interest in, or Benefit of the said Share or Shares of the said Prize or Prizes, or the Bounty Money aforesaid, or any Part thereof that shall then remain unpaid, but such Share and Shares of such Prize or Prizes, and Bounty Money, shall go and be paid to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, subject to the Provisoes and Exemptions herein-before mentioned.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Agent and Agents, and others, who After Fift l>if-shall fell and otherwise dispose of any Prize or Prizes so to be taken as aforesaid from any of his Majesty's nibution of Enemies, shall, within the Space of three Calendar Months next after the Day to be appointed for the first Pr, xe$» Repayment or Distribution to the Captors of such Prize or Prizes made in pursuance of such publick Notification as aforesaid, make out, and transmit or deliver unto the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich for the payments shall Time being, or to such Person or Persons as he shall for that Purpose depute or appoint, a true State and be t.ansmitted Account in Writing, under the Hand or Hands of such Agent or Agents, or Person or Persons so employed, to Greenwich of the Produce of all such Prize and Prizes as aforesaid, together with an Account of the Payments of the several Shares to the Captors as shall then have been really and truly by him or them respectively paid; and also that all and every Person and Persons authorized and appointed by this present Act, to receive Bills for the Bounty hereby granted shall, within the like Space of three Calendar Months next after the Day appointed for the first Payment or Distribution of such Bills, for the Bounty as aforesaid, in like Manner make out, and transmit or deliver to the Treasurer for the Time being of the said Hospital, or to his sufficient Deputy, a true State and Account in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, of the Payment and Distribution of such Bills; and further, that all and every Person and Persons, Agents and others, who by virtue of this Act shall an<! after three sell or dispose of any Prize or Prizes which already have been, or ftnll at any Time or Times hereafter be taken Ycaiv(/V§ 56.) from the said Enemy by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or hired armed Ships, or who shall ^c^t, nt receive or dispose of any Bill or Bills for Bounty, such Person and Persons, Agents, and others, so felling and Oath-luTihcT disposing thereof, shall, within the Space of three Calendar Months next after the Expiration of the Term of three Balance paid, Years limited by this Act, make out an exact Account in Writing of the Produce of such Prize and Prizes, Bill and Bills for Bounty, as also of the Payments of the several Shares to the respective Captors, together with a true and just Account, upon Oath, to be taken before the Treasurer of the said Hospital for the Time being, or any other Person or Persons by him for that Purpose deputed and authorized, in Writing under his Hand and Seal,

(which Oath the said Treasurer of the said Hospital, and a sufficient Deputy and Deputies authorized as aforesaid, is and are hereby authorized and empowered to administer, ) of all Sum and Sums of Money as shall be then remaining in such Agent or Agents, or Person or Persons Custody, Power, or Possession; and shall at the same Time deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Treasurer of the said biospital for the Time being*, or to his sufficient Deputy or Agent, the said Accounts so attested upon Oath as aforesaid, together with all such remaining Sum and Sums of Money then so left and remaining in his or their Hands as aforesaid, taking from the said Treasurer or his proper Deputy or Agent, his or their Acquittance or Acquittances for the same.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Pei£>ns hereby directed to transmit or Penally for not deliver all or any the Accounts before mentioned, who shall neg!e£l or refuse to transmit or deliver all or any delivering Ac-such Account or Accounts to the Treasurer of the said Hospital, or his said Deputy or Agent, within the C^"nls g*\^ce9 Time before limited and appointed, in Manner and Form as herein-before mentioned, or who shall neglect or befidcTthV re fuse to pay over all and ever)' such Sum and Sums of Money as shall remain in his or their Hand or Hands, Balance.

7 G 2 Power,

1148 C. 160.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

No Agent shall be sued by Run Men, un lese ibcy obtain and produce Certificate of R. being taken off.

Notice of D\C-(ribution of Bounty Bills (/e?c^ 37.) shall be inserted in the Gaiette.

Power, Custody, or Possession, after the Term of three Years, to be accounted as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, over and above a Sum equal to the Money then in such Agent's Hands, one third Part whereof shall belong to his Majesty, and the remaining two Thirds to the said Royal Hospital, to be recovered, with Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, in which no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed, l^udmnftatm

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Fraud, Collusion, or Deceit shall be wittingly or willingly

Accounts, '00L made, uffed, committed, permitted, or done, or suffered, in making, dating, or balancing any such Accounts,

then every Person or Persons who shall be thereof duly convicted, and his and their Aiders and Abetters, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of five hundred Pounds, one third Part whereof to be to the Use of his Majesty, and one other Third to the Use of the said Hospital, and the other Third to the Informer who shall sue for the fame, to be recovered with Cods of vSuit, by Action of Debt, Bid, Plaint, or Information in any Court of Record, in which no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Agent or Agents for Prizes or Bounty Money shall be liable to be sued, impleaded, or arreded, by any Person or Persons who shall be made Run from his Majesty's Service in the Lift to be duly certified of the Names of the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, or others, who shall be actually on board any f his Majesty's Ships of War at the taking of any Prize or Prizes, unless the Person or Persons so made Run shall, before any Action brought, obtain a Certificate of his or their R or R's being taken off, and the Forfeiture of his or their Shares of such Prizes and Bounty Monies being discharged by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy who subscribed the said Lift, and shall produce such Certificate to the said Agent or Agents respectively, and unless the said Agent or Agents, on the producing of such Certificate or Certificates, shall refuse to pay the said Prize or Bounty Money, in case the same be due and payable according to the Directions in his Majesty's Proclamation, within three Months after any such Demand made and fucri Certificate produced.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Person and Persons, Agent and Agents, already appointed or to be appointed by the Flag Officers or Flag Officer, Cap. tain9 or Captain, Officers or Officer, Ships' Companies or Ship's Company, and others, of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or hired armed Ships, for the Distribution of any Bounty Bill or Bills given or granted by virtue of this Act, shall insert and publish, or cause to be inserted and published under his or their Hand or Hands, in the London Gazette, three Days at lead before the Payment or Distribution of any such Bounty Bill or Bills, publick Notification of the precise Day of the Month and Year appointed for the Payment of such Bounty Money, and shall insert in every such Notification the Place or Places of his or their Abode.

u Where Notifications of Payments have been or shall be given before the Time or without the Requifiie* directed by §56, &c. such Notifications maybe given as to Prizes condemned in Great Britain before Dec. 26, u 1803; in Europe or America before 25 March 18045 or elsewhere, before 25 June 1804, } 74."

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures instided by this Act, other than such a9 are otherwise particularly disposed of, shall be applied, one Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and one Moiety to the Use of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures, and Parts of Penalties and Forfeitures, given or to be given to the Use of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich by this present Act, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, shall and may be sued for and recovered in the Name of the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich in the County of Kent.

LXXVII. And, for the more speedy bringing of Offenders to Justice, and to prevent the Inconveniencie*

occasioned by the Want of frequently holding a Session of Admiralty for the Trial of Offences committed on 1 the High Seas be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, a Session of Oyer and Trialof Offence* Terminer and Gaol Delivery for the Trial of Offences committed on the High Seas, within the Jurisdiction of commuted on Admiralty of England, shall be held twice at the lead in every Year at J^jjce Hall in the Old Bailey,

London, (except at such Times as the Sessions of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Ceiivery for the City of London and County of Middlesex shall be appointed to be there held, ) or in such other Place within that Part of Great Britain called England, and at such Times in each Year, as the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the 'Time being, or any three or more of them, shall, by any Letter or Order in Writing under their Hands, directed to the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty of England for the Time being, appoint.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful, not only to and for any one or more of the Commissioners for the Time being, named in the Commission of Oyer and Terminer for the trying of Offences committed within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty of England, but also to and for any one or more of the Justices of the Peace for the Time being of any County, Riding, Division, or Place within that Part of Great Britain called England, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, to take any Information or Informations, of any Witness or Witnesses, in Writing upon Oath, touching any Murder, Piracy, Felony, or Robbery, done or committed, or charged to have been done or committed in or upon the Sea, or in any Haven, River, Creek, or Place, where the Admiral or Admirals hath or have Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction, and thereupon (if such Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively shall fee caute), by any Warrant or Wan ants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to caute the Person or Persons accused in such Iutor-mation or Informations, to be apprehended and committed to the Gaol of the County or Place wherein the same Information or Informations shall be taken, there to remain until discharged by due Course of Law.

6'LXXIX. And

Application of Penalties not ethenvife disposed cf.

How Penalties given to Greenwich Hospital may be sued for.

Sessions fur the

the Hifch Seas shall be be!d twice a Year.

Justices of Peace, as well as Commissioners of Oyer and Terminer, may take Information of Offences at Sea, and commit Offenders for Trial.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 160.

LXXIX. And it \s hereby further enacted, That such of the said Commissioners or Justices of the Peace, who shall cause any such Person or Persons to be committed as is lad mentioned, shall, and he or they is or are hereby respectively required at the same Time, to oblige all and every such other Person or Persons, whom such Commissioner or Commissioners, or a Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall judge necessary, to prosecute and give Evidence against the Person or Persons who shall be so committed as aforesaid, to enter into one or more Recognizance or Recognizances to his Majesty, in a sufficient Penalty for his, her, or their appearing at the then next Session of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, to be held for the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty of England* there to prosecute and give Evidence against the Person or Persons who shall be committed as aforesaid; and if any Person shall refuse to enter into such Recognizance to prosecute or give Evidence, as shall be required, he, she, or they so refusing shall be committed by any such Commissioner or Commissioners, Justice or Justices, to the Gaol of the County or Place in which the Person so refusing shall be, until the next Sessions of Admiralty shall be held, or such Persons shall enter into such Recognizance as shall be required as aforesaid; which Recognizance or Recognizances, together with the Information or Informations taken touching the Offence or Offences wherewith the Person or Persons to be committed as aforesaid shall be charged, the said Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom the same shall be taken, shall, and they are hereby respectively required to transmit, with all convenient Speed, to the Register for the Time being of the High Court of Admiralty of England, to be by him forthwith laid before the Judge for the Time being of the same Court, and afterwards to be kept among the Records of that Court,

LaXX. And be it further enacted, That the Marshal of the Admiralty for the Time being, and his Deputy or Deputies, and all Sheriffs, Bailiffs, Stewards, Constables, Headboroughs, Tything Men, Keepers of Gaols and Prisons, and all other Officers whatsoever for keeping of the Peace (as well within Liberties as without), shall, and they and every of them are hereby respectively authorized and required from Time to Time diligently to execute, perform, and obey all such Precept and Precepts, Warrant and Warrants, and other Order and Orders, as shall at any Time or Times hereafter be made, directed, issued, or given to them or any of them respectively, by one or more of the said Commissioners named in the Commifuon of Oyer and Terminer, or Justices of the Peace, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, touching any of the Matters or Things herein contained.

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in Force during the present War and no longer, save and except as to all such Matters and Things as shall be depending in Judgement in the High Court of Admiralty, or other Courts of Admiralty in his Majesty's Dominions abroad, or Court of Appeal, or in any Court of Record in Great Britain, at the Time when the present War shall ccafe; and also save and except as to all such other Matters and Things which shall be brought into Judgement before the said High Court of Admiralty, or other Courts of Admiralty in his Majesty's Dominions abroad, or Court of Appeal, or in any Court of Record in Great Britain, in consequence of any Capture or Captures made during the present War, or of any Offence committed contrary to this Act 5 in respect whereof this Act shall continue in full Force, until such Matters and every Thing dependant thereupon shall be finally adjudged and determined.

CAP. CLXI.

An Act for repealing the several Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof*, for granting new Duties in certain Cases therein mentioned, for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages constructed by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon under the Management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes j and also new Duties on Persons selling Carriages by Auction, or on Commission.

[12th August 1803.]

WHEREAS the several Acts in relation to the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and to the Duties on Inhabited Houses, which were consolidated with the Duties granted by an Act, .passed in

the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Windows

or Eights, and on Inhabited Houses, and for onfoli dating the same with the present Duties thereon; and also the several Acts in relation to the Duties on Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, which were consolidated with the Duties granted by another Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Servants) Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and for consolidating the same with the present Duties thereon; and also certain Acts, passed in the thirty-sixth and forty-frit Years of the Reign of his present Majesty respectively, intituled, the one thereof, An Act for repeal-

tug the Duties on Licences to Persons uftngor exercising the Business of an Hors-Dealer, and gran'i"s new Duties in lieu thereof; and the other thereof, An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management of the Duties on Licences for using or exercising the Trade and Bu/tnrfs of an Horse- Dealer from the Commffwners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also for making further Provfions in respect to the said Duties so transferral; and also an Act, passed in the forty-lirft Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties on Certificates for wearing Hair Powder, or ufrng

Armorial Bearings, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissvjners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also for making further Provfions in respe3 of the said Duties so transferred; might be more effectually carried into Execution, if the Provisions for ascertaining, charging, and assessing the fame, were comprised in one Act, and varied and amended in some Respects; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

1149

Such Justices,

& c. may require Recognizances from Witnesscf, or on Refusal commit them; and shall trans-n.it Informations, Sec. to the Admiralty Court.

Martha! of the Admiralty, shall execute Warrants.

Continuance of Act, during the War, except as to Matters in Judgement.

4- G-3 c. J4.'

4* G..j. c. 37.

36 C. 3. c. 17.

41 G. 3. (U.K)c. 71.

4, G.3. (U.K) c. 69.

From April 5, 1^04, in England, and from May 24, in Scotland,

Duties on Windows (A.), Houses (B.), Servants (C.), Carriages (Dlf Horses (E.), ' Mules (F.), Dogs (G.),

Hoi fe-Dealers

(H; ).

Hair-Powders

(I.).

Armorial Bearings (K.), shall be levied according to Schedules of this Act, in lieu of former Duties.

Lxcifc.Duties under 25 G. 3. c. 49, on Licences to Coachmakers, and on Carriages built for Sale, repealed, except al to Arrears.

[See $ i.J

Duties in Schedule D. 5 & imposed on Coachmakers, Carriages built for Sale, and Per suns selling Carriages.

Duties granted by this Act shall be levied under the Regulations of

43 G* 3- C. 99* and c. 150.

Commissioneri of Land Tax qualified as under 38 G. 3* c. 5, Sec. shall be Commissioners for executing this Act;

Monies levied shall be under Management of Tax Office.

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of dpril One thousand eight hundred and four, throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Berwick upon-Tweed, and from and after the twenty-fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and four, throughout Scotland, in lieu and instead of the Duties granted by or contained in the several Schedules annexed to the said recited Acts, and herein after repealed, there shall be assessed, raised, levied, collected, and paid unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, as set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.); and upon Inhabited Houses, as set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.); and upon all Male Servants retained or employed by any Person or Persons in any of the several Capacities mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (C.); and upon all Carriages of any of the Descriptions mentioned in the Schedules to this Act annexed, marked (D.); and upon all Horses, Mares, and Geldings, kept and used by any Person or Persons for any of the Purposes mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (E.); and upon all other Horses, Mares, or Geldings, not charged with any Duty by the before-mentioned Schedule (E.), and upon Mules, as described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (F.); and upon all Dogs of any of the Descriptions mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (G.); and upon all Horse Dealers refuling within the respective Limits described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (H.); and upon all Persons in respect of Hair Powder, or any Armorial Bearings or Enllgns, asrespectively set forth in the Schedules to this Act annexed, marked (1.) and (K.); the several Duties respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said several Schedules marked (A.), (B.), (C.), (D.), (E.), (F.), (G.j, (H.), (I.), and (K.), hereunto annexed, which several Schedules, and the Rules and Exemptions therein contained, shall be deemed and construed a Part of this Act, as if the same were incorporated therewith under a special Enactment.

II. 1 And whereas by an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon I Ac cnees to be taken out by Coachmakers, and alf0 certain Duties upon Carriages to be built for Sale, certain Excise Duties were granted in Great Britain on Licences taken out by 1 such Coachmakers, and also on Carriages with four or two Wheels respectively, which should be built, or 1 couftnifted for Sale: And whereas it is expedient that the said Duties mould be repealed, and other Duties should be granted in lieu thereof on Coachmakers, and on Carriages conllrufted by them for Sale, to be placed < under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also the like Duties on Persons

vending the same by way of Auction, or on Commission, for or in the Expectation of Profit be it further enacted, That all Duties granted by the said last recited Act, shall, from and after the respective Days before mentioned in the respective Parts of Great Britain, cease and determine, save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears of the said Duties by the said Act granted, which on that Day shall remain unpaid, and the several Clauses and Provisions for receiving and recovering the same.

" All Excise Licences shall cease from the Days fixed for the Repeal of the Duties, [fee §1, ) and Commissioners shall return a Portion of the Duty for the Time then unexpired, §3."

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the respective Days before mentioned, in England and Scotland respectively, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Duties on Coachmakers, aid on Carriages built and constructed by them for Sale, in lieu and instead of the Duties hereby repealed, and also the new Duties on Persons vending such Carriages by Auction or Commission for or in expectation of Profit, feveially contained in Schedules (D.) No.; and 6., which Schedules shall be construed a Part of this Act, and as the other Schedules to this Act are directed to be considered.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the several Duties hereby granted in England, Wales, and Berwick* upon-Tweed, shall be assessed, raised, levied, and collected under the Regulations of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for consolidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the same; and all the several Duties hereby granted in Scotland shall be affdffed, raised, levied, and collected under the Regulations of any Act passed or to be paflld in the present Session of Parliament for consolidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Acts so far as the same relate to Scotland; and all and every the Powers, Authorities Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in the said Acts shall be severally and respectively duly observed, practised, and put ii> Execution throughout the respective Parts of Great Britain aforesaid as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly repeated, and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; and all and every the Regulations of the said Acts shall be respectively applied, construed, deemed, and taken to refer to this Act, as if the same had been specially enacted therein.

VI. And be it further enacted, That for the better Execution of this Act, and for the ordering, raising, collecting, levying, and paying of the several Sums of Money hereby made payable, all and every the Persons who now are, or for the Time being, shall be Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the granting an Aid to his Majesty by'a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundi'ed and ninety-eight; and who shall be respectively qualified, or authorized to act, and shall have taken the Oaths as directed by the said respective Acts passed in the present Session of Parliament, shall respectively be Commissioners for putting in Execution this Act, and the Powers therein contained, in all and every the respective Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places, privileged or not privileged, within England, Wales, and Ber-wick-ujpOn-Tweed* and in all and every the Shires, Stewartries, Cities, and Boroughs in Scotland , and the several Sums

H51

A.D. 1805. 43° GEORGII III. C. 161.

Sums of Money £0 levied shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes for the Time being appointed or to be appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Sheriff Depute and Sheriff Substitute in each Shire or Stewartry in Scotland\ shall by virtue of such Office, without other Qualification, execute this and the said last recited-Adl as Commissioners in the Shire or Stewartry for which they are appointed Sheriff Depute and Sheriff Substitute respectively, and shall not be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture for acting therein, without the Qualification before required.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Assessors and Collectors appointed by the said Commissioners for any Parish, Ward, or Place, in pursuance of the said recited Acts respectively, passed in the present Session of Parliament, shall be the Assessors and Collectors of the several Duties granted by this Act; and) the said Commissioners shall cause Notice to be given to such Persons, that they respectively are appointed Assessors and Collectors of the said Duties hereby granted; and the several Commissioners, Inspectors, Surveyors, Assessors, and Collectors, are hereby empowered to do and execute all Matters and Things in relation to the Duties by this Act granted, which they respectively are empowered to do and execute in relation to the Duties mentioned in the said recited Acts respectively; and shall severally be subject and liable to the like Penalties for any Neglect or Omission in the Performance of their Duty, or any Fraud or Abuse in executing the fame, as are in-flidled on such Officers by the said recited Acts respectively for the like Oftences.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons, who, as Inspectors or Surveyors, are or may be authorized to act in Execution of the said recited Acts respectively, passed in the present Session of Parliament, shall respectively have the Survey and Inspection of the Duties by this Act made payable within the respective Parts of Great Britain as aforesaid, and shall take Accounts of the several Dwelling Houses therein, and of the Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs kept by any Person or Persons whatever, and of the several Persons liable to the other Duties in this Act mentioned, and of the Duties chargeable in respect thereof, and shall in-spedl and examine the Assessments or Certificates thereof made, and to be made from Time to Time, in pursuance of this Act> and execute all Things belonging to the fame, according to the Powers vested in them by this and the said recited Acts respectively; provided that no Inspector or Surveyor, now or hereafter to be appointed, shall act as a Commissioner in any Matter or Thing touching the Execution of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Dwelling House, Cottage, or Tenement, of whatever Description, occupied at the Time of making the Assessment, shall be brought into Charge in respect of the Duties set forth in the Schedule marked (A) by the respective Assessors, and in their Default, by the respective Surveyors and Inspectors herein mentioned, according to the Number of Windows therein, subject to the Powers of discharging the same as after mentioned; and every Dwelling House, Cottage, or Tenement, and other the Premises therewith occupied, and hereby charged, as set forth in Schedule (B.) being, together, of the annual Rent of five Pounds or upwards, shall also be brought into Charge in like Manner, according to the full and just yearly Rent at which the lame is really and bondjide worth to be let in respect of the Duties set forth in the said Schedule marked (B.); and if any Assessor or Assessors shall omit, in the Assessment of the said Duties set forth in Schedule (A.) to charge the Occupiers of any House, Cottage, or Tenement, to the said Duties, according to the Number of Windows therein, or shall omit in the Assessment of the said Duties set forth in Schedule (B.) to charge the Occupier of any House, Cottage, or Tenement, which, with the Premises therewith occupied and charged by this Act, shall be of the annual Value of five Pounds or upwards, to the said Duties, according to the annual Rent at which the same is really and bond jide worth to be let, whether the Occupier of any such House, Cottage, or Tenement, shall be entitled to be discharged from the same in Manner herein after mentioned, or not, every such Assessor shall, for each and every such Neglect, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than five Pounds; and where any such Dwelling House, or Premises therewith occupied, shall be situate within more Parishrs or Places than one, then such Dwelling House shall be charged to the said several Duties as one entire House, and the Premises therewith occupied as belonging to such House in such of the said Parishes or Places as the Surveyor or Inspector for the said Duties, or any Part thereof, shall deem most expedient, to be notified by the Certificate of such Surveyor or Inspector to the Commissioners acting for either of such Parishes or Places.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person inhabiting a Dwelling House in England, IValeSj or Bertwick-upon-'Tnvcedi containing not more than fix Windows in the Whole shall be exempted from the Duties in Schedule (A.) in case such Person shall be n the Books of such Parish or Place as receiving Parochial Relief; and any Person inhabiting a Dwelling House in Scotland containing not more three Windows in the Whole, and under the annual Rent of twenty Shillings, shall be exempted from the Duties in Schedule (A.), in case such Person shall be poor and indigent, and snail not be assessed or liable to be assessed to any of the Duties contained in Schedules (B.), (C.), (D.), or (E.), which several Exemptions shall be proved or claimed in the Manner herein after mentioned.

XII. 4 And, in order to give Relief to such Persons as aforesaid who may be charged to the said several Duties set forth in the Schedules marked (A.) and (B.), or either of them be it further enacted, That where any such House, Cottage, or Tenement, as is described in the preceding Clause, shall be brought into Charge as aforesaid, and the Occupier or Occupiers thereof shall be entitled to the said Exemption by reason of Poverty, as herein-before specified, then and in every such Case, the Assessor or Assessors shall on the Certificate iL>f Assessment set oppositethe Sum charged on the Occupier thereof the Fadl of his or her being Poor, and shall return the fame, together with the Assessment and a Certificate as herein after is mentioned, to the Commissioners for executing this Act in the District where such Assessment shall be made; and the said Commissioners, before the Allowance of any such Assessment, or making any Order thereupon, shall examine the Assessor or Assessors who shall respectively attend the said Commissioners for that Purpose, at such Time as they shall appoint, touching the Return so made; and if the said Commissioners shall, from such Examination, and from such

7*Certificate

Sheriffs Depute, &c. in Scotland may act as Commissiontrs.

Commissione*, Aili-dors, Col* leftors, See. under 45 G. 3. c. 99. ft 150, shall execute this Act.

Duty of Infptc-tors and Surveyors.

No Infot P v. &c. lha:

Commillij: , r.

Every House occupied at the fime <»f making 1! 0 Assessmcm il.rtt be* Brought i -. 1 i Charge under Sclu d. Aft B. ful*ieii to Dif-< Surge ( Ve p: Li

h i>.

Penvtv on At ft if" for N'l*-g'eft 20l. to 0 Jl'-uses situ.ite v:»iri 'n -rt: Pa-

1 i*ht > l1; 1 ju>.

i.i.'V U* ih »r., < d in ei.her P ..iiS,

Exuuji!ion Iji-poo.- Ptrli «n* l: \-ni Duiio to Wi ld i<!»rier St h* d.i'e A.

(Sku $ 1-.;

Manner in which the Cl win I- Exemption In. m Dui.o in Schedule A. tc B. shall be proved, and the p.r.t v t if-dl .rgcJ.

L-Sco §13-J

C. 161.

43°

GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

txeroptl >ns may be allowed on the present .AHciTncius.

Ec'ojo Exemption aie allowed, A tic(T if« tb .! produce Ccuilu .no ul* Inability of the l'«rly, turn ihc Minde; u: d I )i: jiiii.iiui of

tbu Pat ilh.

How Occupiers of Houses containing more than the Number of Window! before specified ( fW §11) may be relieved from Hk« Dtuucs.

Certificate as herein after i3 mentioned, be Satisfied that any Occupier of any such House, Cottage, or Tenement, charged to the said several Duties, or either of them, is entitled to such Exemption, it shall be lawful for the saul Commissioners, after such Proof thereof, to ilrike out the Charge against such Occupier, leaving the Name of such Occupier, and the Number of Windows and Rent of such House in the Assessment, and every such Occupier shall be exempted accordingly from the said respective Duties, which Exemption shall, in the like Cases, be construed to extend to, and shall be allowed on all Assessments on such poor Persons, of the Duties payable at the Time of passing this Act, which shall have been or shall be made at any Time after the Commencement of the present Year.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That before any such Exemption or Abatement shall be allowed, the Assessors shall produce to the said Commissioners a Certificate under the Hands of five or more substantial Householders of such Parish or Place, in Vefiry or Kirk Session assembled, of whom the resident Mmiller in such Parish or Place shall be one; but in case there shall be no such resident Minister in such Parish or Place^thcQ tSe Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Place, or two of them at the lead* ^>1 two or more of the Elders of such Parish or Place, shall concur with such Householders in such Certificate, certifying thereby, that they have carefully examined the Assessment of the Duties granted by this Act, and the Allegations therein made by the Assessors touching such Pci Tons who shall be therein ilated to be poor, and that in their Judgment and Belief the Persons therein certified to be poor are entitled to be exempted by reason of their Poverty, and are wholly unable to pay the Duties afilffed upon than; provided that if in any Parish or Place in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, there shall not be five substantial Householders, then such Certificate may be made by the substantial Householdtrs there redding; or if there shall be no Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor for such Parish or Place, then such Certificate may be granted by the resident Minister, or by any two Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of any adjoining Parish or Place, who can certify the Truth of such Allegations in Manner aforesaid, concurring therein wuth the substantial Householders residing in the Parish or Place where such Asseflhient shall be made.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where the Occupier of any House, Cottage, or Tenement, containing more than the Number of Windows or Lights before specified, shall be brought into Charge as dire &ed by this Act, and the Occupier or Occupiers thereof shall, at the Commencement of the Year for which such Assessment is made, be poor and indigent, or shall become so during that Year, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for such Occupier or Occupiers to give Notice thereof in Writing, dating the Caufts to the Assessor, or to the Surveyor of the District in which such House is situate, annexing then, to a Certificate under the Hands of such Persons as aforesaid, certifying that in their Judgment and Belief, such Person is justly entitled to Relief on account of Poverty for the Causes mentioned in such Notice; and every Assessor shall deliver the Notices by him received to such Surveyor; and if such Surveyor shall be satisfied of the Truth thereof, after due Examination of the Fa&s and Circumstances, and that such Person is unable to pay the Duties charged on him or her, and has no probable Means of bettering his or her Condition within that Year, he is hereby required to certify the same to the said Commissioners; and if such Surveyor shall not be so satisfied, then, on Notice thereof to such Occupier or Occupiers, it shall be lawful for him or them to appeal from such Charge to the said Commissioners, giving ten Days previous Notice thereof to the said Surveyor; and in every Case where the Surveyor shall certify to the said Commissioners that he is satisfied of the Truth of the Claim made by any such Occupier or Occupiers, and that he or they is or are, and will be unable to pay the Duties charged on him or her within that Year, or if, upon Appeal as aforesaid. it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them present, on the Oath of such Appellant, or by other lawful Evidence on Oath produced and shewn by such Appellant that he or she is entitled to maintain such Appeal, and wholly unable as aforesaid to pay the Duties charged on him or her, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to give such Relief, either by striking off the Whole of the Duty lo charged, or diminishing the fame, as to them shall seem meet and necessary, and which Appeals, for the cause6 in thi* Clause mentioned, may be heard and determined either on the Days mentioned in this Act for the hearing of Appeals in other Cases, or at the End of the Year, or any Day or Days to be appointed by the respective Commissioners for executing this Act*which Exemption (nail, in the like Cases, be contlrued to extend to, and shall be allowed on all Assessments on such poor Persons of the Duties payable at the Time of passing this Act, which shall have been or shall be made at any Time after the Commencement of the present Year.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every House or Tenement which shall happen to be unoccupied at the Time of making the Assessment, shall be inserted as such in the Assessment, with the Number of Windows contained therein, and the Annual Rent at which the same might be let, if the same shall amount to five Pounds or upwards; and the Assessors, and in their Default, the Surveyors and Inspectors, shall cause the same to be certified to the said Commissioners, from the Time of such House or Tenement coming into the Occupation of any Person or Persons, and such Person or Persons shall cause Notice thereof to be given to such Assessor, Surveyor, or Inspector, within twenty Days after his or their coming into the Occupation of such House or Tenement; and every Person neglecting so to do, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, and shall be liable moreover for such Neglect to be charged to the said several Duties inserted in the Assess-

iu'ty 51.and the ment for the whole Year in which such House or Tenement became so occupied; but on giving such Notice, shall be chargeable only from the Time of his or her coming into the Occupation of such House or Tenement, according to the Rates prescribed in Schedules (A) and (B), estimated on the Remainder of such Year, commencing from the End of the preceding Quarter of the Year; and every House or Tenement charged to the said Duties, although the same shall within the Year become unoccupied in the Manner mentioned in Schedule (A), shall be charged to the said Duties for the whole Year on the former Occupier, or the

5tjch Exemption may be allowed upon the present AirclToieuti.

"Unoccupied Houses shall be inscricd in Al-fcllment. Ircomin- Occupier shall give Notice,; md be charged with Duties from End of the preceding u alter. — Pe-

fuil Duties.

On Notice given of House s becoming unoccupied, Commissioners may discharge or levy Assessment.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 161.

the Occupier for the Time being, as the Case may require, unlefa Notice in Writing shall have been given, to the Assessor for the Place, of such House or Tenement becoming unoccupied; and the Commissioners for executing this Act are hereby empowered, at their Discretion, to discharge such Assessment, or to direct the Duties to be levied according to the Directions of this Act, as to them shall seem just.

XVI. And, for the better Information of the Commissioners appointed to carry this Act into Execution,

and of the Surveyors and Persons to be appointed Assessors as aforesaid, and the better to enable them to

perform their Duty be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, and the said Surveyors, Inspectors, and Assessors, or any one or more of them, or any Person or Persons authorized by them, or any of them, shall have Liberty from Time to Time, and at all seasonable Times, to inspect and to take Copies or Extracts from any Book or Books kept by any Parish Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, of or concerning the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor, or any other public Taxes, Rates, or Assessments, or any Contributions under the Management of the Kirk Sessions in t^ie respective Parts of Great Britain aforesaid, in any Place within the Limits for which they shall be appointed; and if any Person or Persons, in whose Custody or Power any of the said Books shall be, shall refuse or neglect to permit sche said Inspection, or the Copies or Extracts to be made as aforesaid, or to attend the said Commissioners with their Books, when required so to do, then and in every such Case, every Person who shall so refuse or neglect, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That where any House, Cottage, or Tenement, or any Windows therein, or any Hospital, Charity School, Poor House, or Licensed Chapel, ought to be exempted from the Duties hereby payable, by virtue of any of the Rules contained in the Schedules marked (A) and (B) hereunto annexed, the Occupier or Occupiers of such House, Cottage, or Tenement, and the Person or Persons having the Conduct or Management of such Hospital, Charity School, Poor House, or Licensed Chapel, shall give Notice thereof to the Assessor or Assessors, which Notice shall contain the Number of Windows in such House, Cottage, or Tenement, and in such Hospital, Charity School, Poor House, and Licensed Chapel respectively, distinguishing the Number chargeable by this Act, and the Number claimed to be exempted as aforesaid; and the Assessor or Assessors shall make diligent Inquiry into the fame, and shall state on the Assessment, to the best of his or their Knowledge and Belief, the Number of Windows entitled to such Exemption, and shall return such Statement, together with the Assessment, to the Commissioners for executing this Act; and the said Commissioners shall examine into the Truth of such Statements, by Examination of the Assessor or Assessors, iu Manner before directed in Cases of Occupiers to be discharged for Poverty, and, on due Proof thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to discharge such Number of Windows from the said Assessment as in their Judgment shall be within the Exemptions allowed by this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Window or Light shall be exempted from the Duties made payable by this Act by reason of its having been stopped up, unless such Window or Light shall be stopped up effectually with Stone or Brick, or with the same Kind of Materials whereof that Part of the Outside Walls of such Dwelling House, in which such Window or Light shall have been, doth chiefly consist.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to charge any Window or Light in the Roof of any Dwelling House which shall be stopped up on the Outside thereof effectually with Materials of the like Nature of which the Outside of the Root shall chiefly consist, nor any Window or Light which shall have been stopped up before the Commencement of this Act, according to the Directions of the Laws in Force at the Time of passing this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Window or Light shall be newly opened or made in any Dwelling House or Office belonging thereto, nor shall any such Window or Light which shall have been stopped up at the Time when the Assessment in respect of such Dwelling House shall be made for the then current Year, be restored, nor shall any Window or Light which has been charged in that Year be stopped up, without, in each of the Cases, six Days previous Notice thereof in Writing being given by the Occupier or Occupiers of such Dwelling House, to the Surveyor or Inspector of the said Duties, or one of them, for the Place in which the Assessment was made, describing therein the particular Situation of every such Window or Light in such Dwelling House, and the Number of such Windows or Lights, if more than one, so to be made, restored, or stopped up, on pain that the Occupier or Occupiers of such Dwelling House neglecting to give such Notice, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds for every Window or Light so newly made, restored, or stopped up as aforesaid, and which Penalty shall be paid over and above any Duty payable in respect of such Dwelling House.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Surveyor or Inspector herein mentioned shall receive any Notice, or shall otherwise find or discover that any Window or Light in any such Dwelling House, liable to the said Duties, hath been newly made or restored as aforesaid, which Window or Light hath not been charged in the Assessment for that Year, then such Surveyor or Inspector shall and is hereby required to certify the same in Writing under his Hand, by way of Charge, to any two or more of the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and shall state in such Certificate to what Amount the Person or Persons liable to the said Duties hath or have been under-rated in the Assessment for that Year; and thereupon the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall cause such Assessment to be amended according to such Certificate, and the Duties to be charged shall be levied thereon, from the Commencement of the Year in which such Window or Light shall be made or restored, as if such Window or Light had been originally included in such Assessment: Provided always, That if the Commissioners shall be of Opinion that any Window or Light so restored in any Dwelling House shall have been stopped up at the Time when the Assessment was made, with Intent to evade the Payment of the said Duties, they shall charge the Occupier of the said Dwel-ing House at the Rate of Double the Sum by which the Assessment shall be increased by reason of such

43 Geo. III. 7 H Certificate

HJ3

Commissioneri, Inspectors, Sec. may inspetft Poor Roles,

Penalty on Re* fufai not exceeding iol.

Notice shall be given to Assessor by Occupiers of Houses, Managers of Hof-pl'.all, &c. entitled to Exemption from Duties under Rules in Schedules A and B.

§ ii.

Ilow Windows thalJ be stopped up.

ProvTfo for Windows in Roofs and other Windows already stopped up.

Windows shall not be made, re-Aored, or stopped up without six Days' Notice to Surveyors.

Penalty, rol.per Window.

Surveyors shall charge Windows newly nude, or Tt-floret!, from Commencement of the Year.

Such Windows in certain Cases liable to double Duties.

"54

Appeal.

No Abatement for Windows unless flopped before Commencement of the Year.

Every Assessment in England shall be for a Year from April 5, payable quarterly

under Warrant of Commission-trs.

Arrears recoverable as a Debt on Record,

Assessments in Scotland shall be for a Year from May 24, payable half-yearly.

Penalty on Nonpayment, treble Value. 43 C. 3. Cm x 50.)

Assessors shall yearly cause General Notices to be affixed on the Church Door, ice. requiring Lifts to be delivered (fee §27, 28.); which shall be deemed luflkient Notice.

Penalty for defacing such Notices, 20l. to 5l.

Put A (TV.(Tors shall Jfo leave Notices at Dwelling Houses, for Pervious liable to Duties in Schedule*'; C--K,

tu return Lifts.

{* $ 2/i i8.)

C. 161. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Certificate: Provided also, that every such Assessment, when amended, shall be liable to be appealed against in such Manner as if the lame had been originally so made.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Assessment shall be subject to Appeal, nor any Abatement of the Duties allowed in any Year, by reason of any Windows or Lights being (topped up, unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for executing this Act, that the same Windows or Lights were respectively stopped up according to the Directions of this Act, previous to the Commencement of the Year on which the said Assessment shall or ought to have been made.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Assessment to be made of the said Duties in pursuance of this Act in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, shall be in Force for one whole Year, commencing from the fifth Day of April in the Year in which the same shall be made, and ending on the fifth Day of April then next following, and the said several Duties shall be paid by quarterly Instalments on the Days herein after mentioned, (that is to say, ) on the twentieth Day of June for the Quarter commencing from the fifth Day of April and ending on the fifth Day of July, the twentieth Day of September for the Quarter commencing from the fifth Day of July and ending on the tenth Day of October, and the twentieth Day of December for the Quarter commencing from, the tenth Day of October and ending on the fifth Day of January, and the twentieth Day of March for the Quarter commencing on the fifth Day of January and ending on the fifth Day of April in every Year, the first Payment thereof to be made on the twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and four; and it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners, or any two or more of them, and they are hereby required, as soon as the Assessment shall be made, to issue out and deliver to the respective Collectors their Warrants for the speedy and effectual levying and collecting the said Duties, as the same shall become

Eayable, by quarterly Instalments as aforesaid; and such Part thereof as cannot be so levied and collected may e recoverable as a Debt upon Record to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successor6, with full Costs of Suit and all Charges attending the fame; and when so recovered, the said Duties shall be paid to the Receiver General in Aid of the Parish or Place answerable for the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Assessment to be made of the said Duties in pursuance of this Act in Scotland shall be in Force for one whole Year, and shall commence from the twenty-fourth Day of May in the Year in which the same shall be made, and end on the twenty-fourth Day of May then next following; and the said last mentioned Duties shall be paid hv half-yearly Instalments on the Days herein after mentioned, (that is to say, ) on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September and the twenty-fifth Day of March in every Year; the first Payment thereof to be made on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four; and such Payments shall be made by the Person charged with the said Duty, his or her Executors or Admin ill ra tors, by themselves or others in their Behoof, to the Collector of the said Duties personally, or at his Office; and the said Collector shall, on Payment thereof, give Acquittances (without taking any Thing for such Acquittance, the Stamp Duty for the same excepted) unto the several Persons who shall pay the same, which shall be a full Discharge to the Persons paying the same against his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and every Person so charged shall, in case of his or her not paying the same upon the Day upon which he or she is hereby appointed to pay the same, or within three Days thereafter, forfeit Treble the Value and Extent of the Duty with which he or she (lands charged, to be recovered as the said Duties may be recovered by the said last mentioned Act of the present Session of Parliament.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Assessors for the Time being shall, within twenty-one Days after the respective Times appointed for the Commencement of the said Duties, and for every subsequent Year, within twenty-one Days after the Commencement of the respective Duties for each Year, cause General Notices to be affixed on the Doors of the Church or Chapel, or Market House or Cross (if any) of the City, Town, Parish, or Place for which such Assessor shall act; and if such Place shall not have a Church or Chapel, or Market House or Cross, then on the neared Church or Chapel Door of any adjoining Parish, requiring all Persons residing in the said City, Town, Parish, or Place, who are by this Act required so to do, to make out and deliver to the respective Assessors, within fourteen Days after the Date of such Notice, such Lifts or Declarations as are herein required; and such General Notice shall from Time to Time, when the same shall be affixed, be deemed sufficient Notice of the Time within which such Returns shall be required to be made in each Year, to all Persons residing or being in such City, Town, Parish, or Place, and the affixing the same in Manner before directed, shall be deemed good Service of such Notice to all Person9 within the Limits of such City, Town, Parish, or Place; and the said respective Assessors shall cause the said Notices from Time to Time to be replaced (if necessary) during the said Space of fourteen Days previous to the Time required for the Delivery of such Lifts or Declarations as aforesaid; and every Person wilfully tearing, defacing, or obliterating any such Notice so affixed, shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than five Pounds.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That besides such General Notices as aforesaid, the said respective Assessors shall within the respective Periods before mentioned, in every Year, give or leave at every Dwelling House, where any Person liable or supposed to be liable to the Duties hereby made payable, as set forth in the several Schedules to this Act annexed, marked (C.D. E. F. G. H. Land K.) or any of them, shall usually reside within the Limits of the Places for which such Assessors aft, one Notice to and for the Occupier thereof; and where such Dwelling House shall be let in different Apartments, and occupied distinctly by different Persons or Families, a like Notice to and for the Occupier of each distinct Story or Apartment, provided any Person liable or supposed to be liable as aforesaid shall reside there, and also a like Notice to and for every Person so liable, then residing in such Dwelling House as a Ledger or Inmate, within the Knowledge of such Assessor or Assessors, requiring such Persons respectively to prepare and produce,

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 161.

duce, within twenty-one Days next ensuing the Date of such Notice, a List or Lists, or Declaration or Declarations in Writing, in the Forms and in the Manner herein after required.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall have retained or employed any Male Servant or Servants, or other Male Person or Persons herein described or mentioned, or kept any Carriage, Horse, Mule, or Dog, or shall have used or exercised the Trade or Business of an Horse Dealer or Coach-maker, or Seller of Carriages by Auction or on Commission as aforesaid, or shall have used or worn Hair Powder or any Armorial Bearing or Ensign, in the Course of the Year ending on the Day next before the respective Days appointed for the Commencement of the said Duties in the Year One thousand eight hundred and four, shall, before the End of six Weeks thereafter, whether any previous Notice for that Purpose shall have been delivered or not, cause to be prepared true and particular Lifts in Writing, signed by such Person or on his or her Behalf, which shall contain, the Parish or Place, and the Parishes or Places where such Persons shall then or usually reside, and one of such Lilts shall also contain the greatest Number of Male Servants retained or employed by such Persons, and also the Names of the several other Male Persons by them retained or employed at any one Time in the Conrfe of the Year ending as aforesaid, in any of the Crpacities mentioned in the Schedules hereunto annexed, and the Names of such Servants and other Persons and the several Capacities in which they shall serve; and whenever the Person required to return such Lift shall be liable to the Duty on Servants kept by any Male Person never having been married, he shall be required to denote the fame, by adding to the Signature of his Name the Letter B.; another of the said Lifts shall contain the greatest Number of Carriages mentioned or described in the Schedules annexed to this Act, kept by such Person at any one Time within the like Period, describing therein, by its usual Name and Description, the particular Kind and Denomination of such Carriage by which the Body or Bodies of such Carriages are usually called or known, and distinguishing the Number of such Carriages with four .Wheels from the Number of such Carriages with less than four Wheels, and also the Number of Bodies of such Carriages which shall successively have been used on the same Carriage or Number of Wheels, and also the Number of Horses by which such Carriages with less than four Wheels shall have been drawn at any Time within the like Period, and also the Number of such Carriages liable as Taxed Carts; another of the said Lifts shall contain the, greatest Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, kept and used by such Person for the Purpose of riding, or drawing any Carriage chargeable with the Duty made payable by this Act, at any one Time within the like Period; another of such Lifts shall contain the greatest Number of all other Horles, Mares, or Geldings, and Mules, kept by such Person at any one Time withiirthe like Period, which shall on any Occasion have been used as herein^mentioned; another of such Lifts shall contain the greatest Number of Dogs kept by such Person within the like Period, distinguishing therein any Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier, from any other Dog, where one Dog only shall be kept by such Person; another of such Lifts, if the same be returned by any Person who shall have used or exercised the Trade or Bufinefe of an Horse Dealer, shall contain the Place or Places where the same shall have been so used or exercised within the like Period, and alf the greatest Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, kept by him or her at any one Time within the like Period, distinguishing whether the same shall have been kept for Sale, or been used by nim or her, or let to Hire, and the Number of each so kept or used, and for what Purpose, so that the Duties hereby made payable shall be duly charged; and another of such Lifts, if the same shall be returned by any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages before mentioned, or by any Seller of such Carriages by Auctiou or on Commission, as herein is mentioned, shall contain the Place or Places where such Trade or Business shall be carried on; and another of such Lifts, if the same be returned by any Person who shall have worn Hair Powder, or used any Armorial Bearing or Ensign within the like Period, shall distingnifli therein the particular Duty and Duties, and the Amount thereof, to which such Person is liable, with a Declaration whether he or she is a Housekeeper or one of the Family, or a Lodger, Inmate, Apprentice, or Servant, abiding in the House of any Person; and every Lift returned by any Occupier of a Dwelling House or distinct Apartment as aforesaid, shall contain the Names and Places of Abode of every Person resident in such Dwelling House, distinguishing w'hether such Person so redding be of the Family, or be Lodgers or Inmates, or Apprentices or Servants; and in case such Householder or Occupier having unmarried Daughters, or any Servant or Servants, shall be desirous of being personally charged to the Duties hereby imposed on Persons wearing Hair Powder as aforesaid, instead of his or her unmarried Daughters, or his or her Servant or Servants, as herein is allowed, then also such Lifts shall contain the Number and Names of such unmarried Daughters and Servants respectively to be so charged to him or her, and the Capacities in which such Servant or Servants shall serve; and every such Person shall deliver or cause such Lifts to be delivered to the Assessor or AfLlTors of the said Duties for the District, Parish, or Place, where such Person shall reside or be, or leave or cause the same to be left at his or their Dwelling House or Houses, or one of them, at or before the Expiration of the Time appointed by this Act for the Delivery thereof; and every Person who shall have retained, employed, kept, or used any Servants, or other Male Persons, Carriages, Horses, Mules, or Dogs, shall t* charged for the greatest Number of Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs retained or employed, kept or used by him or her at any one Time within the Year ending as aforesaid; and every Person who shall have used or exercised the Trade or Business of an Horse Dealer, or the Trade or Business of a Coachmaker, or Maker of Carnages, or of a Seller of Carriages by Auction or on Commission, or shall have worn or used Hair Powder, or any Armorial Bearings within the Year ending as aforesaid, shall be afiefled and charged by the respective AiTcfiors for the Year commencing from that Day, which Assessments shall be made at the Rate specified in the said Schedules marked (C.D. E, F, G, H, I, and K, ) and according to the Lifts, which shall or ought to have been returned as aforesaid, subject to such Powers of Surcharge as by this Act arc directed and given; and the Assessments on the Returns so to be made shall be deemed an Assessment for the Year commencing irom the respective Days in the \rear One thousand eight hundred and four, appointed for the Commencement of the said Duties.

7H2

SB

Persons liable t# any of the Duties in Schedules C — K. in the Course ofebe Year ending on the Day* appointed for Commencement of the Duties (fee § i), QuU return Lists of Particulars thereof, &c. to the Assessorf, within six Weeks after such Days*

Such Persons fril! be chained according to such Lifts for t ie Year commencing lion*those Days.

XXVIII. AncL

C. 161* 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Lifts shall be resumed annually in like Manner.

AssefTnent {halt be for the Year in which Returns are made.

Every Person beginning to keep a Male Servant, or Carriage, or to carry on the Business of a Horse-Dealer, Coach-maker, &c.or to wear Hair-Powder, or Armorial Bearings, and every Person ceasing to keep such Servant, ice. or to carry on such Business, &c. shall give Notice thereof within zo Days.

How Asseflurs shall make Assessment on Persons refusing or neglecting to deliver Lifts.

Appeal against such Act'cfT-menu.

AssessVs not bound by Lifts deJiveicd.

Housekeepers shall iequiie Declatation or Returns from Lodgers, &c.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person liable to the said Duties shall, in every Year sub-'sequent to the respective Days appointed for the Commencement of the said Duties, within six Weeks thereafter, and he and she is hereby required yearly, whether any previous Notice for that Purpose shall hpvc been delivered-or not, to cause to be prepared and to be delivered to the respective Assessors before mentioned for the Time being, true and particular Lists of the greatest Number of such Servants or other Male Persons retained or employed, and of Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs kept by such Person, or of his or her having used or exercised the Trade or Business of an Horse Dealer, or Coachmaker, or Maker of Carriages as aforesaid, or of a'Selh r of Carriages by Auction or on Commission as aforesaid; or of having worn or used Hair Powder, or any Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, at any one Time in the Course of the preceding Year ending on the then preceding fifth Day of April; which Lifts shall be prepared in the Form before prescribed, and according to the Directions of this Act in -respect thereof; and such Person 'shall renew the same in the same Manner in every Year so long as such Person shall be liable to the said Duties, or any of them as aforesaid; and every Person shall annually be chargeable in respect of the greatest Number of Servants or other Male Persons, Carriages, J^orfes, Mares, or Geldings, Mules, and Dogs, retained, employed, kept, or used by him or her at any one Time uuthin such preceding Year, and also in respect of his, her, or their having used or exercised the Trade or Business of .an Horse Dealer, or Coachmaker, or Maker of such Carriages, or a Seller thereof by Audljon or on Commission as aforesaid, or of having worn or used Hair Powder, or Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, within the same Period; and the Assessment made thereupon shall be deemed an Assessment made for the Year in which such Returns shall or ought to have been made.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Person who from and after the respective Days appointed for the Commencement of the said Duties shall begin to retain or employ any such Male Servant, or other Male Person herein deforibed, or keep or use any such Carriage'(such. Servant or Carriage not being in the Place or Stead of any former one liable to the like Duty), or to use or exercise the said Trade of an Horse-Dealer, or Coachrtlaker, or Maker of such Carriages, or a Seller thereof by Auction or on Commission as aforesaid, or to wear or use Hair Powder, or any Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, or whaiball cease to retain or employ any Male Servant, or to keep or use any Carriage liable to the Duty, without retaining or employing any other Male Servant or other Male Person herein described, or keeping or using any other Carriage liable to the like Duty, in the Place or Stead of such Servant or Carriage, or who shall cease to use or exercise the said Trade or Business of an Horse-Dealer, or of a Coachmaker, or Maker of such Carriages, ora Seller thereof by Auction or on Commission, or to wear or use any Hair Powder, or any Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, shall, within twenty Days after he or she shall so begin or cease to retain or employ such Servant or other Male Person, or to keep or use such Carriage, or to use or exercise such Trade or Trades, or to wear or use any* Hair Powder, or any Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, cause Notice thereof in Writing to be given to the Affei-for or Assessors for the DistridL Parish, or Place .where he or she shall reside, ' and a List of the Number of such Servants and Carriages, and the Increase or Decrease made thereby, and the particular Rate or Duty to which he or she is liable as having used or exercised such Trade or Trades, or worn or used Hair Powder, or Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, describing in such Notice-every such Servant or other Male Person by his

Oer Name, and the several Capacities in which such Servants or other Male Persons respectively shall be, or have been retained or employed; and also describing every such Carriage by its usual Name and Description, distinguishing the Number of Bodies used with and of Wheels belonging to each such Carriage, and the Number of Horses used in drawing any such Carriage with lef3 than four Wheels, and also distinguishing'each such Carriage liable as a Taxed Cart, and the Name or Name9 and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons who ought to return such Lifts.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall neglect or refuse to make out, sign, and deliver such Lifts as are herein directed» or any of them, within the respective Times herein mentioned, then the Assessor or Assessors shall, from the best Information he or they can obtain, make an Assessment upon such Person so refusing or neglecting for or in respect of every Servant, Carriage, Hprfe, Mule, or Dog, retained or kept by him or her as aforesaid, and of every Person having used or exercised such# Trade or Trades as aforesaid, or worn or used Hair Powder, or Armorial Bearings or Ensigns as aforesaid, according to the Rates specified in the said Schedules, and shall include the same in the Certificate of the Assessment to be delivered to the Commissioners as herein directed; and every such Assessment To made upon any such Neglectc or Refusal shall be final and conclusive upon the Person thereby charged, who shall not be at Liberty to appeal therefrom, unless such Person shall prove that he or she was not at his or her Dwelling House or Place of Abode at the Time of Delivery of such Notice, nor between that Day and the Time limited for delivering such Lift as aforesaid to the Assessor, or unless such Person shall allege and prove such other Excuse for not having delivered his or her Lift, a3 Jthe Commissioners for executing this Act shall in their Judgment think reasonable and sufficient.

X^CXI. And be it further enacted, That such Assessors shall not be bound by such Lifts as shall be delivered to them respectively in pursuance of this Act, but shall be at Liberty, if they shall find upon due Examination that any Person, Description, Article, Matter, or Thing, which ought to be contained in such Lifts, is or are omitted, or untruly Hated therein, to make a true Assessment upon every such Person, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, of the real Charge which ought to be imposed on such Person.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Occupier as aforesaid, in whose Dwelling House or Apartment any Person liable to the Duties by this Act made payable, or any or either of them, shall reside as a Lodger or Inmate, shall, for the Purpose of making accurate Returns, cause the Contents of the Notice left at his or her Dwelling House to be read over and made known to each and every such Lodger or Inmate not having received a like Notice, requiring them respectively to declare tb him or her, and attest the Return to be made, whether he or she be liable to the said Duties, or either of them, or be exempted therefrom, or whether

he

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 161..1157

Assessors shall leave Notices for Lodgers, See.

Persons having' divers Places of Residence, See. shall deliver Lilts at each.

he or she have another Place of ordinary Residence where he or she intends to be charged j and every Person so

resident, being thereunto required as aforesaid, shall be obliged to make fuqh Declaration; and if any such

Lodger or Inmate shall wilfully refuse to give an Account as required by this Act, or to attest the Return to

be made thereof, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds; or if any Occupier as afore- p<ina, ty on Ne-

said, by whom any such Declaration ought to be required, or to whom any such Declaration shall be made, fn either

shall neglect to require the fame, or to insert the same in the Return to be made to the Assessor or Assessors, in Parw^oL

pursuance of this Act, every such Person shall also forfeit the Sum of fifty Pqunds.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Assessors shall, upon Receipt of any IJft containing the Name of any Lodger or Inmate returned liable to any of the said Duties as chargeable within the Parish or Place where the said Assessors aft, give or leave the like Notice for every such Person to prepare and produce, within the like Period, a List or Declaration signed as aforesaid; and every such Person shall, within twenty-one Days after Notice left at such Dwelling House, make out a Lfft or Declaration, as the Case shall require, and-figruthe same in the Manner before directed, under the Penalty herein mentioned for neglecting to deliver*r&r§37.] any such Lift or Declaration*.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall have divers place^of Residence within any Part of Great Britain, or shall keep any Servants or other Male Persons herein described. Carriages,

Horses, Mules, or Dogs, at divers Places within Great Britain, and every Person being an Inmate or Lodger at the Time of such Notices being given as aforesaid, and having an ordinary Residence at some other Place or Places, whereat or at one of which Places such Person ought to be charged, shall be obliged to deliver all such Lifts as aforesaid at each and every of such Places, and to insert in every such Lift the Name or Description of each Person, Article, Matter, and Thing, for which such Person is liable to any of the said Duties, or which ought to be returned according to thje Directions of this Act; and shall also in every such Lift specify the particular Persons, and Number, of each Description of Articles aforesaid, respectively intended to be paid for within the Limits of the District, Parish, or Place, where such Lift shall be delivered, and shall also at the same Time make his or her Declaration, to be inserted in such Lift, and signed by him or her, specifying the particular Counties or County, and Parishes or Parish wherein each such other Place of his or her Residence is situate, and also the particular Counties or County, and Parishes or Parish wherein the said-Duties, or any Part of the said Duties, are or is intended to be paid.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person having delivered his or her Declaration to pay the said Duties in any other Parish, Ward, or Pl/tce, than in the Parish, Ward, or Place where such Lift shall be delivered, shall not return a List in such other Parish, Ward, or Place, according to such Declaration, in order to his or her being regularly brought into Charge by the Assessors for such other Parish, Ward, or Place, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person claiming to be within any of the Exemptions allowed by this Act, in or by any of the Schedules hereunto annexed, marked (C.D. E. F. G. H. I. or K.) except of the Roy^l Family, in such Cases where they are specially exempted) shall make a due Return thereof, and declare the Cause or Causes of such Exemptions, such Declaration to be specified in or annexed to the Lifts to be by him or her delivered; and if any Dispute shall arise whether the Person be entitled to such Exemption, the Proof thereof shall lie on the Person claiming such Exemption, who, on any Charge or Surcharge before such Commissioners, or on any Suit or Prosecution, shall be permitted to allege the same on Oath or Affirmation, or to prove the same by lawful Evidence to be produced and shewn by him or her; provided that no such Exemption shall be allowed unless the fame, and the Cause thereof, shall have been duly returned to the Assessor or Assessors as aforesaid.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Parson liable to the said Duties, or any of them, in respect Penalty for whereof a List or Declaration ought to be delivered, or coming within any of the Exemptions contained in this Neglect, Omif* Act, shall neglect to deliver a List or Lists, or a Declaration or Declarations according to the Directions of this Act, in every Parish or Place where the same ought to be delivered, or shall omit any Person, or any Description, Article, Mattex, or Thing which-ought to be contained therein, according to this Act, or shall make an untrue Return of any Particular therein, he or she so offending, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, over and above any Duty chargeable as aforesaid.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Penalty by this Act imposed as last aforesaid, for omitting to insert in the Lifts or Declarations delivered as hereby required, any Person, or any Description, Article, Matter, or Thing, which ought to have been contained therein, shall not be sued or prosecuted for inany Case where the Pefon or Persons against4whomthe Suit or Prosecution shall be brought, shall, before the Commencement thereof, .have been surcharged for the same Cause, and on the same Account, and assessed in Double the Duty hereby made payable, or any Proportion thereof, according to the Directions of this Act.

XXXIX. 4 And whereas divers Persons may retain or employ Servants, or keep Carriages, Horses, Mules, or Dogs, at Places where they themselves have no Houses or Places of Residence, and other Persons liable^o the Duties made payable by this Act, or some of th .-m, may come into or torefide in Places after the Time appointed by this Act for returning the Lifts before-mentioned, not having been charged therein, or may have no fixed Place of Residence; be it further enacted, That in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Assessorbr Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, within and for such Districts or Places respectively, at any Time of Times, and they are hereby strictly required and enjoined in every Case within their Knowledge respectively, to deliver or leave such "Notices as are herein-before directed to be given, at the House or Houses where such Persons shall reside or be, or where such Servants, or other Male Persons before described.

Carriages, Horses, Mulcs/or Dogs, shaft be kept; and all and every such Persons, and also all and every Person r Persons having the Care, Superintendence, or Management of such Servants, or other Male Persons before

described.

Penalty on Persons declaring to pay Duties in any Place, and not delivering Lift there, 50l.

Claims of Exemption (except with respect to the Royal Family) shall he returned to the Act'ellbrs, and proved on Oath, 6c c.

fion, or Falfity in delivering Lifts or Declarations, 50k and Duty.

Penalty for Omissions shall not be sued for where the Party is surcharged.

Tn cade of Persons employing bcivan'J*, he. where they have no Keftrtuice, or corthi^ to reticle in Dilt.ifts after Time for returning Litis, or having no fixed Place of Residence, Notice. lha!) be given and Lifts iciuinedj

HS8

C. 1

*nd Declaration of Afflffment, &c. elsewhere*

In Default AiTeffinents may be made upon them.

Penalty for removing without delivering Lift, &c. 50l.

Persons letting to Hire Horses so that the Stamp Office Duty fluff not be< hargeable, or letting Servants or Carriages, shall deliver Lists of the Kumber and the Karaes of the Hirers.

Hi 1 ers of such Horses, Servants, anrt Carriage*, shall return Lifts thereof.

Surveyor* may surcharge in Default ol Returns the Hirers of Ser. vants, &c. and the progrc(five Duties for one Year shall 1 e charged on such Hirers, unlef9 on Proof that the Parties letting have been charged.

Lodging House-'TCeeper*. Stable Keepers, Persons letting Hoi fes. Servants o: Carriages to Hire, Ho le Dealers Coathmakers, and Dealers in

43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

described, Carriages, Horses, Mules, or Dogs, shall deliver or cause to be delivered such List or Lists as aforesaid, signed by them respectively, conformably to the Directions herein-before contained, to the Assessors, Surveyors, or Inspectors, within and for the respective Districts or Limits where any such Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, or Dogs, Jare or shall be kept, or where such Persons shall then reside or be, within twenty-one Days after the Delivery of such Notices, and shall also deliver to them respectively a Declaration where they, or the Persons to whom such Servants, or other Male Persons before described, Carriages, Horses, Mules, or Dogs, do belong, have been assessed for that Year to the Duties hereby made payable, together with the usual Place or Places of Abode of themselves, or of the Persons to whom the Servants, or other Male Persons before described. Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, under their Care, Superintendence, and Management, do belong, and the Names of such Persons; or in case no such Assessment, or no sufficient Assessment, shall then have been made, then where they or the Persons to whom such Servants, or other Male Persons before described, Carriages, Horses, and Mules, do belong, shall have delivered their Lifts, in order to their being so ftfiefled under the like Penalties as are herein imposed on Persons chargeable with the said Duties for not delivering Lifts in the Parishes and Places where they respectively reftde; and every Person who shall appear by such Return, or otherwise, not to have been assessed in the full Sum of which he or she ought to be assessed, or not to have returned the Lifts hereby required for the Purpose of being so assessed in some other Parish or Place in Great Britain, or who shall not make any such Return, may be chargeable to all the said Duties by this Act made payable, and for which Returns ought to be made, either in the Parish or Place where such last mentioned Notice shall have been delivered, in like Manner as if such Person actually resided in such Parish or Place, or in the Parish or Place where such Persons shall have their ordinary residence; and if any Person on whom such Notice shall have been served, shall remove from such Parish or Place, without having delivered such Lift or Declaration, he or she shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That every Person letting to hire any Horses in such Manner as not to be chargeable to the Stamp Office Duty made payable by Law on Horses let to Hire, or letting any Servant*, or Carriages, shall annually return a List of the greatest Number of such Servants, Carriages, and Horses, kept by him or her at any Time in the prior Year, in like Manner, and within and for the like Period, and under the like Penalties, as Returns of other Servants, Carriages, and Horses, subject to the Duties by this Act made payable, are directed to be made; and every such Lift shall specify the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons for whose Use or in whose Service such Servants, Carriages, and Horses, shall have been or shall be employed, and the Number of each let to Hire to every such Person, and the Period of each Letting, according to the Number of Servants, Carriages, and Horses, which shall or ought to be contained in such Lift, the said Duties by this Act made payable shall be charged on the Person or Persons letting or hiring such Servants, Carriages, and Horses as the Case may require.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That where any Person shall hire or shall have hired any Horses, in such Manner that the Stamp Office Duty payable by Law on Horses let to Hire, shall not be chargeable on such Letting, or shall hire or shall have hired any Servants or Carriages, then such Hirer shall annually return a List of the greatest Number of such Servants, Carriages, and Horses, to the Assessor or AfletTors of the Parish or Place or Parishes or Places where such Hirer shall reside or be at the Time such Return ought to be made, as the Case may require, in like Manner, and within and for the like Period, and under the like Penalties as Returns of other Servants, Carriages, and Horses, exempted from the said annual Duties by this Act, arc directed to be made; and every such Lift shall specify the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons by whom such Servants, Carriages, and Horses, shall have been or shall he let to Hire, and the Period of each Letting.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That where any Horses shall have been, or shall be let to Hire, in such Manner as not to render the Person or Persons letting the same liable to the said Stamp Office Duty, or where any Servants or Carriages shall be let to Hire, and the Hirer of such Servants, Horses, or Carriages, shall not make such Return as by this Act is required, then and in such Case the Duties chargeable in respect thereof for one Year, shall and may be charged upon and paid by the Person or Persons hiring such Servants, Carriages, and Horses, by the Surcharge of the Assessor, Surveyor, or Inspector, over and above the Penalty incurred for any Neglect or Omission as aforesaid, unless the Person or Persons letting the same shall have been brought into Charge for the same S-.rvants, Carriages, and Horses respectively; and if any Dispute shall arise whether the Person or Persons so letting to Hire any Servants, Carriages, or Horses, shall have been brought into Charge for the fame, the Proof thereof shall be on the Hirer of such Servants, Carriages, and Hoi les, so surcharged, who, on such Surcharge, shall be permitted to allege the same on Oath, or fohmn Affirmation, or to prove the same by lawful Evidence to be produced and shewn by him or her; Provided that the Party hiring the same shall not be exempted, unless the Exemption and the Cause thereof, shall have been duly returned to the Assessor or Assessors as aforesaid; and in every Case where the said Duties fh.'-11 I chargeable on the Hirer or Hirers of such Servants, Carriages, and Horses, making Default as aforesaid the progressive Duties made payable thereon, by Schedules C. No. 1. D. No. 1. and E. No. 1. respe£iivJy shall be charged.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That every Inhabitant Householder of any Lodging House, in which there shall be any Lodgerrefiding therein liable to any of the Duties hereby made payable, of which Lids are hereby required to be delivered, shall, from Time to Time, enter in a Book an Account of every lhriLn so liable; and every Livery Stable Keeper, or otlver Person receiving any Horses or Carriages to (land at Livery, or delivered to him or her to be kept, shall also from Time to Time enter in a Book an Account of every Carriage or Horse so (landing at Lively, or delivered to be kept by him or her; and every Person lutii.g any Horses to Hire in such Manner as not to be chargeable to any Duty payable by Law on Horses let to Hire, or-letting any Servants or Carriages, shall also from Time to Time enter in a Book an Account of such 3 Iioifc?,

C. 161

A.D. 1803. 430 Georgii nr.

1159

Horses, Servants, and Carriage^ and the Number thereof, and the Periods of fcach Letting, and also the Carriage*, fl>aH Names of such Servants, and the Descriptions of such Carriages; and every Horse Dealer shall also enter in keep Books cyo-a Book an Account of the Number of Horses kept by him, whether for Sale or Use, distinguishing the of*Persons and* Number kept for Sale, and the Number kept for Use, and to what Duty the same are respectively liable; and AiticleTcharge-every such Coachmaker or Maker of such Carriages, shall also enter in a Book the Number and Kinds of able wiih the Carriages by him built and constructed for Sale, distinguishing the Number of Wheels of each, and the Number Duties, See. fold, and the Names and Places of Abode of the Persons to whom fold, and the Days on which each Carriage was delivered or sent out of his or her Shop or Warehouse; and every such Seller of Carriages by Auction or on Commission as aforesaid, shall also enter in a Book the Number and Kinds of Carriages sold by him or her, distinguishing the Number of Wheels of each, and the Days on which such Carriages were fold respectively 5 all which Books shall, at all reasonable Times in the Day-time, be open to the Inspection of the Assessor, Book* may be Surveyor, or Inspector of the Place where such Person shall reside as aforesaid; and every Person hereby required to enter and keep such Account respectively, shall, if in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, jeJ^vered within twenty Days after the fifth Day of July and the tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred periodically ux and four, and within twenty Days after the fifth Day of January and the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day Assessor*. of July, and the tenth Day of October in every subsequent Year, and if in Scotland, within twenty Days after the twenty-ninth Day of September, and the twenty-fifth Day of March yearly, dtliver a true Copy in Writing of all and every Entry made in such Book or Books respectively writhin the preceding Quarter of the Year, containing the several Matters and Things before directd, to the Assessor or Assessors oTthe Parish or Place where he or she shall reside, for the Use of the Surveyor or Inspector of the said Duties, or to such Surveyor or Inspector 5 and, when required so to do by such Surveyor or Inspector, every such Person, or his or her chief Servant, Workman, or Manager, shall make Oath (or, being a Quaker, an Affirmation) of the Truth of such Account, according to the best of his Knowledge and Belief; and every such Copy of the Account to be delivered by such Person, shall, to the best of his or her Knowledge and Belief, express the Christian and Surname of every Person required to be entered in such Account, and the Place or Places of his, her, or their usual Residence; and if any such Person shall neglect to keep such Account, or to deliver such Copy thereof, r.cn^ or shall wilfully omit any Description which ought to be contained therein, he or she so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall cause to be pre- Forms for pared and issued to evety Person applying for the fame, and leaving his or her Name and Place of Abode in entering such Writing at the Office for Taxes, or with any Surveyor of the said Duties for the District where the Person j^cc^"ared tT making such Application shall rdide, proper Forms for entering the Accounts herein-before required to be made the^Ta^Office, of Lodgers, and of the Carriages and Horses (landing at Livery, or delivered to Stable Keepers or other and issued to*Persons to be kept, and of the Servants kept by them, and also of Servants, Carriages, and Horses, let to Person* apply-Hire as aforesaid, and of the Horses kept by Horse Dealers, and of Carriages built and constructed and fold inS* by Coachmakers or Makers of such Carriages, and of such Carriages sold by Auction or on Commission as aforesaid; and every such Account shall at the End of each Year (all such Entries as aforesaid being require! to be first duly made) be signed by the Party with his own proper Name, in his or her usual Manner of writing or signing the fame, and returned to the Assessor or Assessors of the Parish or Place where the Party shall reside, for the Use of the Surveyor or Inspector of the Districts as aforesaid, or to such Surveyor or Inspector as the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall direct, at the Times herein-before required; and Or the Party in Default of such Application, the Party shall be obliged to provide proper Forms for the said Purpose, and ^13*1 Pr£vlde shall cause all such Entries to be duly made therein, and the same to be signed and delivered to the Assessor, proper otms* or Surveyor or Inspector, in like Manner as is before directed for the Accounts issued from the Office for Taxes; and if any Person shall neglect to deliver such Accounts duly filled up and signed, within the Penalty 50U Times limited as aforesaid for making such Returns, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Assessor, Surveyor, or Inspector, to whom such Account as AffcflV shall on. aforesaid shall be delivered by any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or by any Seller of Carriages as such Accounts aforesaid, shall forthwith return to the respective Commissioners a Certificate of the Number of such Carriages, Duly 0, 1

of the several Descriptions herein mentioned by such Persons respectively constructed or sold within the Comnri"oners Period of such Account, and the Amount of Duty chargeable on them respectively, and the said Commissioners who shall make shall cause an Assessment to be made on the Amount contained iu each Certificate, and added to the Assessment Assessment of the said other Duties charged in the same Parish or Place, and shall cause the same to be inserted in the accordingly* Collector's Duplicate, who shall demand, receive, apd collect the fame, at the same Times and under the (axne Warrant as the other Duties are collected by or paid to such Collector-

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the respective Days Appointed for the Commence- Gate-Keeper* ment of the said Duties, every Gate-Keeper of or upon any Turnpike Road, by whom any Certificate shall be pndi ^jin^er£of filed of any Horses let to Hire, in such Manner as not to subjtd the Hirer thereof to any Stamp Office Duty, peernJ£

payable by the Laws then in Force, and every Collector or Farmer of the said Stamp Office Duty, to whom Surveyors to such Certificate shall be delivered by such Gate Keeper, according to the Laws then in Force, shall at all insped their seasonable Times permit the Surveyors or Inspectors of the said Duties by this Act made payable, to insped Ceaificate*. such Certificates gratis, and to take Copies thereof, or of such Parts thereof, or Extrads from the same, as the said Surveyor shall think necessary for 1'ecuring the Payment of the said Duties; and if any Person shall Penalty 100L wilfully refuse to permit such Inspection, or such Copy to be taken, he or she shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Name and Place of Abode of every Person licensed to let Lift* of Person* Poll Horses by the Commissioners for managing the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, licensed to lei

Under Horses shall

ii6o C. 161

be annually transmitted to Tax Office.

Persons trading as Horse Dealers at divers Places shall deliver Returns at each Place, &c. Penalty 20I,

Horse Dealers in London, Sec. shall be charged there.

Tax Office may

cause Lifts to lie made of Persons having made Returns, or being charged with Duties; Copies whereof shall be Evidence.

Lists of Persons charged may be published.

Penalty for defacing such Lifts, 5L

Penalty on Persons removing without Payment of Duties, See, 20l.

Penalty on Housekeepert

for omitting to return Lodgers having worn Hair Powder,

(f g §3-) shall be recovered, though the Lodger make his Return, Uc.

Person* fraudulently t Craping '1 axation may be charged Treble the Dure* at any Time within one Year.

Parents and Guardi.ins shall pay Duties charged upon Infants, and Executors, Sec. AiTetTinents on Persons <Je-etafed.

43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

under the Laws in Force, shall annually be transmitted to the Office for the Affairs of Taxes by the said Commissioners, whenever the said Duties shall not be let to farm, or otherwise, by the Farmers and Collectors of the said Duties.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person who hath or shall have divers Places in Great Britain, whereat he or she shall use or exercise the Trade or Business of an Horse Dealer, and is or may be desirous of paying the said Duties at one of such Places, such Places not being within different Limits, as set forth in the said Schedule marked (H), subjecting him or her to different Duties, shall be obliged to deliver a Declaration at each of such Places, declaring therein the particular County and Parish or Place where he or she intends or ought to be charged for the said Duty, to enable the Assessor or Assessors at such Place to charge the same accordingly; on Pain that every Person offending in any of the Particulars before mentioned shall be chargeable at either Place, and for Neglect in making such Return shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds; provided that every Person exercising the said Trade in London, WefimtnRer^ the Liberties of the same, the Parishes of Saint Mary-h-Bone and Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex, the weekly Bills of Mortality, or the Borough of South*wark in the County of Surry shall be charged and pay the Duties in respect thereof in such of the said Places where such Business shall be carried on within the lass-mentioned 'Limits, and not elsewhere.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes to cause such Lift or Lills of Names and Places of Abode of Persons having made Returns in pursuance of this Act, or of Persons charged to the Duties by this Act made payable, to be made out for the Purpose of being inspected by any Person or Persons who shall make Application to inspect the fame, as to them shall seem necessary for the better Execution of this Act, and to authorize Copies of such Lids, or any Part thereof* to be made out, in such Manner by the several Inspectors, Surveyors, and Officers employed under them, and at such Times as to inch Commissioners shall seem fit; all which Lids and Copies, signed by any Inspector, Surveyor, or other Officer aforesaid, authorized by the said Commissioners, shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts, and before all Persons acting in the Execution of this Act, and for which Copies the Fee of one Shilling, and no more, may be taken for the Return of each Person contained therein.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, under the Direction of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, from Time to Time, to publish or cause to be published, in the several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Towns, Parishes, and Places respectively, Lifts containing the Names of any Persons charged to the Duties made payable by this Act, and to cause the same to be published in such Manner as they shall direct; and if any Person shall wilfully tear, deface, or remove any List of any such Names, or any Part of such Lifts that shall be affixed by Order of such Commissioners as aforesaid upon any Church or Chapel Door, or Market Cross, he or she shall forfeit for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person rated and assessed to any of the said Duties made payable by this Act, shall remove out of the Limits of the Collectors of the said Duties who shall be charged to collect the fame, without first paying or discharging, or causing to be paid or discharged, all the Duties charged upon him or her, and which shall then be due and payable, and without leaving within such Limits sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon the said Duties in Arrear may be raised and levied, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay over and above the said Duties so left unpaid as aforesaid the Sum of twenty Pounds.

LII. And be it further enacted, That every Occupier of any Dwelling House, or distinct Apartment as aforesaid, who shall not return a List of Persons residing with him or her as aforesaid, or shall omit any Person who ought to have been included therein, and who to his or her Knowledge shall have worn Hair Powder, or used any Armorial Bearing or Ensign within the Period for which the Return should be made, shall be liable to Prosecution for the Penalty hereby inflicted, and be deemed guilty thereupon, whether it shall appear that the Person so omitted, or not returned, hath or hath not for himself or herself made a Return at the same or any other Place, or hath or hath not been prosecuted for any Offence against this Act, or is or is not amenable to Justice therefor; and the Conviction of any Person for not returning or omitting any such Person as aforesaid, shall not be deemed to exempt the Person so omitted or not returned from paying the Duty by this Act imposed, or from Prosecution or Punishment for any Offence against this Act; provided that any Person residing in nny Dwelling House at the Time of making such Return, as a Lodger or Inmate, who shall elsewhere have his or her Place of ordinary Residence, shall be returned as ordinarily residing in such other Place.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who ought to be charged by virtue of this Act shall, by changing his or her Place of Residence, or by any other Fraud or Covin, escape from the Taxation, and not be charged, and the same be proved before the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, or any two or more of them, where such Person dwelleth or resideth at any Time within one Year next after such Charge ought to have been made, every Person that shall so escape from the Taxation Xnd Payment shall be charged (upon Proof thereof) at Treble the Value of so much as he or she should or ought to have been charged at by this Act, the said treble Value to be charged in the Assessment on such Person, and on Nonpayment thereof, to he levied on the Goods, L&nds, and Hereditaments of such Persons.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons chargeable with the Duties hereby made payable as aforesaid, shall be under the Age of twenty-one Years, or where any Person so chargeable shall die, in every such Case the Parents and Guardians of such Infants respectively, upon Default of Payment by such Infants, and the Executors and Administrators of the Persons so dying shall be and are hereby made liable to and charged with the Payments which the said Infants ought to have made, and the Persons so dying were chargeable with; and if such Parents or Guardians, or such Executors or Administrators, shall neglect

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 161.

or refuse to pay as aforesaid, it shall be lawful to proceed against them in like Manner as against any other Person or Persons making Default of Payment of the Duties hereby made payable; and all Parents and Guardians, making Payment as aforesaid> shall be allowed all and every Sum and Sums paid for such Infants, in his, her, or their Accounts; and all Executors and Administrators shall be allowed to dedu& all such Payments out of the Asset8 and Effects of the Person so dying.

LV. And be it further enacted, That where in the Assessment of any Parish, Ward, or Place, by virtue of the Rules contained in Schedules (A), or (B), the said Duties shall be charged on the Landlord or Landlords, or Owners of any Dwelling Houses let in different Apartments, Stones, Tenements, Lodgings, Lands, or Landings, and not on the respective Occupiers thereof, and the Landlords or Owners shall not reside in such Parish or Place, or shall not have sufficient Goods or Chattels in such Parish or Place whereon the Duties so assessed shall or may be levied, and such Landlords or Owners shall not have paid the said Duties, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Collector or Collectors to demand the same of and from the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, or any of them, and on Non-payment thereof shall and may levy the said Duties on the Goods and Chattels of such Tenants and Occupiers respectively, by Distress and Sale as aforesaid, as if the said Duties were charged on such Tenants and Occupiers; and such Tenants and Occupiers are hereby required and authorized to pay such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be so assessed, and to dedutft out of the Rent of such Apartments, Stories, Tenements, Lodgings, Lands, or Landings, such Payments as the Landlords and Owners have been charged with; and the said Landlords knd Owners, both mediate and immediate, according to their respective iHtercfts, are hereby required to allow such Payments upon Receipt of the Residue of the Rent, and every such Tenant and Occupier shall be acquitted and discharged of so much Money as the said Assessment or Assessments shall amount unto, as if the same had actually been paid unto such Landlords or Owners.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That in Enslandy Wa!es> or Berwick-upon-Tweed, the Ward, Parish, or Place in which any Assessment shall be made of the said Duties shall be answerable for the Amount of the Duties which shall be charged in such Ward, Parish, or Place, and for the said Duties being duly demanded of the respective Persons charged therewith, within ten Days after the same are payable by virtue of this Act by the Collector or Collectore of such Ward, Parish, or Place; and also for such Collector or Collectors, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, duly paying the Sums received by such Collector or Collectors, to the Receiver General of the said Duties according to this and the said first-recited Act; and every Arrear of the said Duties arising from the Default as aforesaid, or by the Failure of any Collector for which any Ward, Parish, or Place as aforesaid shall be answerable, shall be re-assessed within or upon such Ward, Parish, or Place, as soon after such Default shall be discovered as conveniently can be done, and shall respectively be charged on the Amount of the Assessment which shall be made for the same Duties in the Year commencing from the fifth Day of April preceding the Time of making such Re-assessment, by duly apportioning the Amount of such Arrear amongst the several Persons assessed in that Year to the same Duties respectively on which such Arrear shall have accrued, according to each Person's Assessment thereof, as nearly a3 the Case will admit, and by the like Rules, Methods, and Directions by which the original Assessment was made of the same Duties to be raised and levied, in such Manner as any Assessment may be by this Act raised and levied.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Duties assessed in Scotland shall not be paid to the Receiver General by reason of any Failure of the Collector, either in the Performance of his Duty, or in not paying over the Monies received by him according to the Directions of this and the said last-recited Act, and any Deficiency shall remain after Diligence used against such Collector, or his Surety or Sureties, or in case of Death, against his Executors or Administrators, then and in such Case the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act for the Shire, Stewartry, City, or Borough in Scotland, where such Failure has happened, shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to cause the deficient Sum to be re-assessed as soon after such deficient Sum has been ascertained as can be done, upon those Persons subjected to the Payment of the like Duties in the Year when the Re-assessment shall be made, by duly apportioning the Amount of Inch Deficiency amongst them according to each Person's Assessment as near as the Case will admit, and by like Rules and Modes by which the original Assessments were made of the Duties assessed in that Year, which Sum so rc-assessed shall be levied and cofleded in such Manner as the said Duties may be raised and levied in Scotland.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall he charged or assessed to the Poor's Rate or Contribution for the Poor, or to the Highway Duty, or Commutation of Statute Labour, for or in respect of any Duties made payable by this Act, but that such Owners and Occupiers shall continue to be rateable to the said Rates, Contributions, and Duties, in such Manner as they might have been rated and assessed to the same respectively, before the passing of this Act.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the Payment of any of the Duties made payable by this Act, by any Person or Persons, in any Parish or Place, shall not entitle the Person or Persons so paying such Duties to a Settlement in such Parish or Place.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the several Assessors, Inspectors, and Surveyors, so as aforesaid appointed or to be appointed, and every of them, shall have full Power, at seasonable Times, taking to his or their Assistance in all Cases when the same shall be necessary, a Constable, Headborough, Tytliing Man, or other Officer of the respective Parishes or Places within that Part of Great Britain aforesaid, who are hereby required to affilt such Officers accordingly, to view and examine each Dwelling House, in order to ascertain the Number of Windows or Lights therein, and the Dimcnfioivs thereof, and the annual Rent at which the same Dwelling House ought to be charged; and for so doing shall have Liberty to pass through any House or Houses, and to go into any Court, Yard, Back Side, or Premises thereunto belonging, and externally to view and insped the Windows or Lights in any such House or Houses, and the Premises occupied therewith, and to measure such Windows or Lights externally, that cannot be conveniently seen, numbered, or measured, without passing through such 43 Geo. III. 7 I House

1161

Duties charged oa Landluidt under Schedule A. & B. nuy -

he levied <*n Orcuyiei, who may dedud Hie Amount out ot Kent.

Parishes in Trig-land in which' AfTi-fTuems are made shill he answerable for llic Danes, and for Pa vinent hv Collectors under this Act arid 43 G. J. t.99.

Arrear? On!' be re-aiR lieu.

Deficiencies of Duties in Scotland arifirg from FaUu cor Dcfailt of C '!-ledurs under this Act r.rd 43 G. 3. c. 130. shall he ic-.U-1'elTcd.

Pe f «nr shall not be aifelfrci to Poor*i Rale,

&c. for Duties under this Act.

Payment of Duties shall not comer a Settlement.

A He iron, In-spedors, and Survey01«, allowed to examine House: twice a Year, to afceiuin the Rent and Number and Di.netj-ftons ol Windows.

Co ft able* fl*u5l assist when requited.

Proof of the Di-

mentions of Windows shall Jit; on Occupier.

Distinct Tene-menis may he txamioen in like Metier.

AflWFjis shall In big in Cer-tific.ites of Af-

ft flhu-nts for all the Duties, with the Names of Persona claiming Exemptions, ice. according to the Regulations of recited Act 43 G. 3. c. 99, and fee c. 150.

InspetRors and Surveyors may inspect, examine and copy Returns and AflTcin. ments, and may amend, the latter before allowed by CoramiilioD-

and after Allowance may certify Omiffians, &c. by way Surcharge

which Surcharge (on Oath being made of Notice to the Party) Commissionert fiull allow.

Notice toPajties.

Surcharges shall be made as under 43 G. 3*. c. 99 S§ 150. in the full A inpant of Duties in Schedules (A.), (B.), and in Double the other Duties.

7*.l AfleAments or Surcharges shall uot be

C. 161. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

House or Houses j and shall also have Liberty to make like View, Examination, and Inspection twice in the Year during the Continuance of this Act; and if any Dispute shall arise touching the Dimensions of any Window or Light, the Proof thereof shall lie upon the Occupier or Occupiers, who mall cause the same to be duly admeasured at his and their proper Costs, and verified before two or more of the said Commissioners, on the Oath or Affirmation of the Person admeasuring the same.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Dwelling House shall he divided into distinct Tenements, requiring each Tenement to be separately assessed, it shall be lawful for the said Assessors, Surveyors, and Inspectors, and every of them, to take an Account of the Number of Windows in each difiinft Tenement, and for that Purpose shall have Liberty to enter into the fame, and to view, number, and measure the Windows therein, as well internally as externally.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Assessors acting in the Execution of this Act, shall bring in their Certificates of Assessments in Writing under their Hands, within the Time limited by the said recited Act of the present Session of Parliament, to be verified as therein directed, of every Dwelling House, inhabited or not inhabited, within the Limits of those Places for which they are to act, and of the number of Windows or Lights in each House, and the full and just yearly Rent which ever)" such Dwelling House, with the Offices and Premises hereby charged, is really worth, estimated according to this Act, together with the Names and Surnames of the several Occupiers or Inhabitants of each Dwelling House, and also the greatest Number of Male Servants, or other Male Persons herein described, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, which shall have been retained, kept, or used, within the then preceding Year, for which the Persons retaining, keeping, or using the fame, ought to be assessed to any of the Duties made payable by this Act for the current Year, within the Limits of those Places for which they aft, and the Names and Surnames of the several Persons who shall have retained, kept, or used the same; and also the Names and Surnames of all Persons within such Limits liable to the Duties, in respect of their Trade or Business of an Horse Dealer, or of their Trade or Business of a Coachraaker, or Maker of Carriages, or Seller of Carriages by Auction, or on Commission, or in respect of Hair Powder, or any Armorial Bearings or Ensigns worn or used by them, and of the several Sums of Money they respectively ought to pay by virtue of this Act, in each Case respectively, without Concealment or Favour; and also the Names and Surnames of those who have claimed Exemptions from the said Duties* or any of them, and the Causes of such Exemption under the Penalty contained in the said recited Act, observing therein, as to the Time of bringing in such Certificates, the Regulations of the said recited Act.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyors or Inspectors appointed or to be appointed as herein mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby empowered to inspect and examine all and every the Returns of Lifts or Declarations made by any Person or Persons chargeable to the said Duties, or any of them, according to the Directions of this Act, and also all and every the Assessments of the said Duties, or any of them, made for any Parish or Place, as well before as after the Commissioners shall have signed and allowed the said Assessments, and before such Allowance, to correct and amend such Assessments, if he or they shall see fit; and every Person in whose Custody any such Lifts shall be, shall and is hereby required, upon the Request of any such Surveyor or Inspector as aforesaid, to deliver the same into his Custody for the Purposes of this Act, taking his Receipt for the fame; and every Person in whose Custody any such Assessment shall be, shall and is hereby required, upon the Request of such Surveyor or Inspector as aforesaid, to produce the same; and such Surveyor or Inspector is hereby authorized to take Charge of the same, until he shall have taken such Copies of or Extracts from the same, as maybe necessary for his and their better Information; and if any such Surveyor or Inspector shall, after any such List or Lists, and Assessment or Assessments, shall be so respectively made out* signed, and allowed as aforesaid, find or discover upon his Survey or Examination, or otherwise, that any Person who ought to be charged with the said Duties, or any of them, shall have been omitted to be charged therewith* or shall have been under-rated, or that any Person liable to the said Duties, or any of them, in respect of which such Lifts or Declarations as aforesaid ought to have been delivered, hath not made any Return, as by this Act is required, or hath omitted any Person, or any Description, or any Article, Matter, or Thing, which ought to have been returned, so that he or she shall not have been charged to the Amount which ought to be paid by him or her, or that any Exemption shall have been claimed which is not allowed by this Act, then, and in every such Case, the said Surveyor or Inspector shall certify the same in Writing under his Hand, together with an Account of every Default and Omission, with the Name or Description of the Person or Thing not returned or omitted, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, and the full Amount of the Duty which ought to be paid by way of Surcharge to any two or more of the said Commissioners for putting in Execution this Act, in order to have such Default, Omission, or under-rate rectified in the said Assessment; and such Commissioners are* upon the Delivery of any such Certificate, and upon Oath being first made that such Notice as herein after directed was given to, or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or other Place of Abode of the Person so fur-charged, required to sign and allow the said Surcharges, and to cause the said Assessments to be rectified, and the said Duties to be levied accordingly; and the said Inspectors and Surveyors shall give or cause to be given to every Person so surcharged, or leave or cause to be left at his or her last or usual Place of Abode in the Dtftrift where such Surcharge wa3 made, Notice in Writing of such Surcharge, and of the Amount for which he or she shall have been charged by virtue of such Certificate, which Surcharges the said Inspectors and Surveyors are hereby empowered to make from Time to Time, and at such Times as is directed by the said recited Acts respectively of the present Session of Parliament, and such Surcharges shall be made in the full Amount of the Duty which ought to be charged by virtue of such Certificate, in respect of the Duties contained in Schedules (A.), and (B.)* and in Double the Amount of the Duty which ought to be charged by virtue of such Certificate, in respect of all or any of the Duties contained in the other Schedules to this Act: annexed.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Assessment or Surcharge made or to be made by any Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, by virtue of this Act, shall be impeached or af-iefted by reason of any Mistake or Variance in the ChriiUan or Surname, or either of them, of any Person.

C. 161

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III.

1*63

liable to any of the Duties made payable by this Act, or of any Servant or other Male Person herein described, or in the Description of their Employments, nor by reason of any Mistake in the Description of any Carriage* Horse, Mule, or Dog, as required by this Act, or the Amount of the Duty surcharged, whether such Mistake or Variance shall appear in the Notice and Certificate to be delivered or made in such Case, or in either of them; but that all such Assessments and Surcharges shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, notwith* standing any such Mistake or Variance, provided the Notice of Surcharge be delivered to, or left at the Place of Abode of the Person intended to be so surcharged, according to the Directions of this Act, and the Person or Persons intended to be described, shall be liable to the said Duties, or shall be a Servant or Servants, of or otherwise employed by the Person or Persons so surcharged, or the Carriage, Horse, Mule, or Dog, intended to be described, shall belong to, or the Duty intended to be described, shall be chargeable on such Person or Persons.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person to whom such Notice of Surcharge shall be given as aforesaid, on Occasion of his or her having neglected to make any Return as required by this Act, at any Time previous to the Time appointed for hearing Appeals next after the Delivery of such Notice, to make out and deliver to the Surveyor or Inspectorwho shall have delivered the Notice of Surcharge, a true, perfect, and complete List or Lists, or Declaration or Declarations in the Forms directed by this Act, and as the Case may require, so that he or she may from such last mentioned Lifts or Declarations so delivered, be charged to the said Duties the full Sum at which he or she ought to be charged by virtue of this Act 5 provided that to every such Lift or Declaration, there shall be annexed an Affidavit m Writing to the Effect herein after mentioned; and if the said Surveyor or Inspector shall be satisfied with such Lift or Declaration, and Affidavit, then he shall certify such Return and Affidavit to two or more of the said Commissioners, with the Amount of the Duty to be charged, who shall thereupon cause the Assessment to be made according to such Certificate, and the same Rate of Duty as set forth in the Schedules to this Act annexed, to be charged on the Person making such Return without further Trouble or Delay; but if upon Examination of such Lift or Declaration, or such Affidavit, the said Surveyor or Inspector shall fee just Cause to object thereto, he shall thereupon certify such Return and Affidavit, together with the Cause of his Objection, to two or more of the said Commissioners, who shall thereupon cause the Assessment to be made according to such last mentioned Certificate, in Double the Amount of the Duty at which such Person shall be surcharged; and from which Charge no Abatement shall be made on any Pretence, unless bn Appeal as herein after is directed; of which Certificate, Notice shall be given by the Surveyor to the Person to be charged thereby.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That every such Affidavit shall allege and declare in Substance, or to the Effect as follows, (that is to say; ) That the Deponent was not at his or her Dwelling House or other Place of Abode, at the Time appointed for the fixing or Delivery of General or other Notice, for making a Return as required by this Act, nor between that Day and the Time limited for making such Return to the Assessor, and that he or she had not any such Notice; or, that he or she was disabled by Sickness from making such Return; or, that the Non-delivery of such Return was occasioned by the following unavoidable Mistake or Accident, without any Intention to defraud the Revenue; videlicet [Here set forth the Cause of such Default], and that the Return annexed to this Affidavit is a full, perfect, and complete Return of all Matters anu Things required of the said Deponent by this Act, to the best of his or her Judgment; which Affidavit may be taken before any one or more of the Commissioners acting for the Place where the Surcharge shall be made, or where the Party surcharged shall reside, and shall be signed by the Party making the same.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person to whom such Notice of Surcharge shall be given on Occasion of his or her having omitted in the Return made, any Person or Description, or any Article, Matter, or Thing, which ought to have been contained therein, or of having claimed any Exemption not allowed by this Act, to amend such Return, by delivering to the Surveyor or Inspector as aforesaid, a new Return according to the Directions before given, to which an Affidavit shall be annexed to the Effect herein after mentioned; and the said Surveyor or Inspector shall be at Liberty to certify his Satisfaction therewith, or his Objection thereto, in the Manner herein-before directed, according to which Certificate the Party surcharged shall beafftfitd in the single Duty to the lull Amount at which he or she shall be chargeable, or in the double Duty on the Amount of the Duty so surcharged, as the Case may require, subject to the like Power of Appeal from such Charge in the double Duty, and to the like Proceedings, in all other Respects, as are before given and directed.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every such la (I-mentioned Affidavit shall allege and declare the Grounds and Cause of each On.iffion, or Claim of Exemption, as well to Matter of Law as Fast, whether the Deponent shall persist in such Omission or Claim, or not, and also, that the Return annexed to this Affidavit is a full, perfect, and complete Return of all Matters and Things required of the said Deponent by this Act, to the bell of his or her Judgment and Belief, and that such Omission or Claim was not made with Intention to defraud the Revenue, which said last mentioned Affidavit shall be made and signed in the Manner before directed.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That an Appeal may be made from any Assessment or Surcharge as aforesaid, and heard and determined under the Regulations of the said recited Acts respectively, and that such Appeal may be made in the like Cases as are mentioned in the said recited Acts respectively, and also in the Case herein after mentioned.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves respectively overcharged or over-rated by any Certificate of any Inspector or Surveyor as aforesaid, or by any Assessment to be made by virtue or in pursuance of such Certificate, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them respectively, to appeal to the said Commissioners in such Manner as they arc authorized to appeal from any original Assessment or Surcharge by the Regulations of the said recited Acts respectively; and upon the Hearing of any such Appeal, or the Appeal against any such original Assessment or Surcharge, the Appellant shall in all

7 I 2 cases

impeached n account of Mistakes in the Names or Descriptions*

Surcharge mr, be avoided by sinking a Return oitOadi, {See 6 56.) 19 Satisfaction of Surveyor, to he signified by his Certificate;

or on Ohja&iow of Surveyor, Affe Ament shall I>e made in double Duly, subject to Appeal.

Form of Affidavit to be annexed to Reuiiiu-(See $65.)

On Omissions in Returns Surcharge may be avoided by new Return on Oa th, (and Proceedings as under i*5)-

Form of Affidavit in Aid ot ce-festive Reiu.ns.

Appeals shall be hcaidand determined as under 43 G.J'C. 99.

and 130. (and See $ 70.) Persons aggrieved by Certificate of Assessors may appeal.

Lids on Oath itqm.il. in all Cases of Appeal*

U'64

Assessment shall he made hi double Duty where Surcharge is confirmed on Appeal, kc.;

but Commis-missioners may lemit not exceeding one Moiety.

Inspector, &c.

fha n receive Overplus above the Ratei of .Duty.

Penalty on Iafpe&oror Surveyor making false or vexatious Surcharge, &c. 50l.

Not to defeat any Action against Surveyor under 43 G. 3. c. 90. (§2 3.) or c. 150. l§ I9-)

Court may mitigate the Penalty.

Assessurt, &c. or Appellants may demand a Case for the Opinion of a Judge.

Jf Surcharge confirmed, Affeffmenv shall be in the double Duty, kc. as on Appeal.

Instalments due previous to Judge's Opinion shall be levied.

40J.-Cost* on Appellant having demanded a Case, if Sue-ch oge cqj^> fctnaed.'

tyben Cases ohf.lined liy Inspectors, kc. shall not be

C. 161. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Cases where a List or Declaration shall or ought to have been delivered by the said Appellant to the Assessor, produce before the said Commissioners a true, perfect, and complete List or Lists, and Declaration or Decla-rations, as the Case may require, and verify the same on his or her Oath, or Affirmation.

LXXI. And be it Further enabled, That upon every Surcharge confirmed by the said Commissioners on Appeal, according to the Regulations of the said recited Acts respectively, and also upon every Surcharge allowed by the said Commissioners upon the Certificate of the Surveyor or Inspector, as directed by this Act, (except in Cases where sufficient Returns, upon Affidavit, have been supplied as aforesaid, ) the Assessments shall be made in Double the Rates of Duty prescribed in the Schedules annexed to this Act, on the Amount of the Duty so surcharged, which Sum shall be added to the Assessment, and inserted in the Duplicates of the Collectors, and collected and levied therewith, and paid to the Receiver General: Provided always, that upon every such Appeal, if the said Commissioners shall be of Opinion that there was any just Cause of Controversy on the Part of the Appellant on the Subject Matter of Appeal, and that the alleged Default, Neglect, Omission, or Claim, was not wilfully made, and with Intention to defraud the Revenue, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners who shall have determined the said Appeal, although they shall have confirmed or allowed the Surcharge, at the same Time to remit and strike off any Part of the double Duty, not exceeding one Moiety of the Charge above the Rates of Duty prescribed by the said Schedules; and the Assessor, Surveyor, or Inspector, so making such Surcharge, shall be and is hereby entitled to, and shall have and receive for his own Use, from the Receiver General to whom the Duties shall be paid, the Overplus of the Sum so charged above the said Rates of Duty, as prescribed in the said Schedules, which Overplus the Commissioners for executing this Act, who shall have confirmed such Surcharge, or any two or more of them, shall at the same Meeting certify' under their Hands to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and the Certificate of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall be a Warrant to the said Receiver General to pay the same.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Inspector or Surveyor shall wilfully make any false and vexatious Surcharge, or wilfully deliver or cause to be delivered to the Commissioners for executing this Act any false and vexatious Certificate of Charge, every such Inspector or Surveyor shall forfeit to the Party aggrieved any Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westnunficr, for Offences copimitted in England, and in the Court of Great Sessions for Offences committed in wales, and in the Courts of Session or Exchequer for Offences committed in Scotland, with full Costs of Suit: Provided always, that nothing herein-before contained, nor any Suit by the Party aggrieved, in pursuance of this Act, shall be construed to affect, impeach, or defeat any Action or Information brought or to be brought against any Surveyor or Inspector, in pursuance of the said recited Acts respectively, for any corrupt, vexatious, or illegal Practices in the Execution of his Office; and it shall be lawful for the Judge before whom such Inspector or Surveyor shall have been convicted of such Offence, by Indorsement on the Postea, or for the Court before whom such Person shall be convicted, to mitigate the Penalty at his or their Discretion.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, or the Persons appealing either against the original Assessment or Surcharge, or against the Certificate of the Inspector or Surveyor as aforesaid, or against the Assessment to be made thereupon, shall apprehend the Determination made by the said Commissioners to be contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied with such Determination, it shall be lawful to and for such Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, or Appellant respectively, to require the said Commissioners to state specially, and to sign the Case upon which the Question arose, together with the Determination thereupon, which Case the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present, are hereby required to state, and sign accordingly, and to cause the same to be delivered to the Party making such Request as aforesaid, to be by him or her transmitted, if in England, Wales, or Berwick -upon-Tweed, to one of the Justices of the Court of King's Bench or Common Pleas, or to one of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being at Westminster, and if in Scotland to one of the Lords of the Court of Session, or the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and every such Judge is hereby required; with all convenient Speed, to return an Answer to such Case so transmitted, with his Opinion thereon subscribed thereto, according to which Opinion so certified, the Assessment which shall have been the Cause of such Appeal shall be altered or confirmed: Provided always, that where the Opinion of such Judge shall be in Support of any Surcharge, the Assessment thereupon shall be made in the double Duty, or shall be mitigated to such Sum as shall have been determined by the Commissioners at the Time of the Appeal: Provided also, that notwithstanding any such Case so transmitted to any of the said Judges, the Instalment on the Assessifnept at determined and allowed by the said Commissioners, which shall become due precedent to the Opinion being certified by any such Judge upon such Case, shall be collected and levied as if no such Case had been transmitted.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if according to the Opinion of any of the said Judges to whom any Case shall, at the Request of the Appellant or Appellants, be transmitted in pursuance of any of the Directions contained in this Act, the Charge or Surcharge upon which the Question contained in such Case shall have arisen shall be confirmed and established, the Person or Persons so charged or surcharged, shall, for the Costs and Charges attending the fame, pay to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of forty Shillings, in Addition to the Assessment or Surcharge so confirmed and established as aforesaid, and which Costs shall be added to such Assessment, and levied and collected therewith, and as Part of the Duties so zffeffed.

LXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever any Case or Cases to be transmitted to any of the said Judges for his or their Opinion thereon, in the Manner directed by this Act, shall have been obtained by any Inspector or Inspectors, Surveyor or Surveyor*, or Assessor or Assessors, by reason of

C. 161

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. 1165

any Surcharge or Surcharges, or any Certificate rot being allowed by the Commissioners for executing this Act, and the lame shall not be returned within the Time hereby limited for delivering the Duplicates to the Receivers General, and the Office of the King's Remembrancer, whereby the patting of the Accounts of the Receivers General may be impeded, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, and they are hereby required to cause to be made out the Duplicates of the several Assessments required to be delivered to the respective Receivers General, and into the Office of the King's Remembrancer, exclusive of the Sums so depending, to the end that there may be no Delay in paying into the Receipt of the Exchequer the Sums assessed and fully charged; and that upon the Return of such Opinion, whenever the same shall happen, the said Commissioners shall cause separate Assessments to be made out, including therein the Names of the Party or Parties in the Case or Cases so trailsmitted, and the Amount of the Sums wherewith the Party or Parties ought to be charged, according to such Opinions so returned; and the Sums so assessed to be levied in like Eorm and Manner as any Assessments may be levied, and to be paid to the respective Receivers General; and shall also cause true supplemental Duplicates of all such separate Assessments to be made out as soon as conveniently may be done, and delivered unto the respective Receivers General, and also transmitted into the Office of the King's Remembrancer, for which supplemental Duplicates, the proper Officers shall give Acquittances gratis, so as every of them may be duly charged to answer the whole of their respective Collections and Receipts.

LXXVI. ' And, to the End that no Person may pay the same Duties for the same Articles in more Parishes or Districts than one for the same Year be it further enacted, That if any Person having been assessed under this Act in one Parish or District to the Duties made payable by this Act, or any of them, shall be again assessed in another Parish or District for the same Cause and on the same Account, in such Case the Commissioners for this Act within such latter Parish or District, or the Majority of the said Commissioners present, ou any Application for the Purpose, may and are hereby required to alter any Assessment of such Person so assessed twice, on Proof given before them that such Person hath before been assessed for the same Cause, and on the same Account, in another Place, and in what Place specifically, and hath paid or is liable to pay the Duties for the same upon such Assessment, which Proof shall be made by the Oath or Affirmation of the Party, or some credible Witness, that the several Assessments are for the same Cause and on the same Account, and by the Production of either a Copy or Certificate of the first Assessment, signed by two or more Commissioners of the District for which such first Assessment shall have been made, to be verified on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, which Copy or Certificate the Clerk of the said Commissioners shall deliver gratis to the Party requiring the fame; or in Default of such Copy or Certificate then the Proof thereof shall be made by other Evidence on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners present, or the Majority of them; and if any Person shall, by any fraudulent Contrivance whatever, procure any Assessment to be altered, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the said Duties, or any Part thereof, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

1 No Letters Patent shall exempt any Person or Corporation from the Duties, {77. [as §229, of 43 G. 3. u c. 122."]

LXXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That out of the Monies from Time to Time arisen or to arise of or from the said Duties made payable by this Act, it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, now, or for the Time being, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to settle and appoint such Salaries and Allowances for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the Surveyors, Inspectors, and other Officers to be employed in the Execution of this Act, and otherwise in Relation thereto, and also to discharge such incident Charges and Expences as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, as the said Commissioners of the Treasury or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall think fit and reasonable in that Behalf.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Receiver General shall have an Allowance of two Pence in the Pound for all Monies which shall be by him paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer; and that every Collector shall have three Pence in the Pound, for what Money he shall pay to the Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, within the Time limited by the said recited Act; and that for the careful writing and transcribing the said Assessments, Warrants, Eftreatt, and Duplicates, in due Time, and for the due, speedy, and effectually executing all Matters and Things directed to be performed under the said Commissioners, the Clerk of the respective Commissioners, who shall perform the lame within the respective Times limited by this Act, shall, by Warrant under the Hands of two or more of the Commissioners, have and receive from the respective Receivers General, their Deputy or Deputies, three Halfpence in the*Pound, of all such Monies as he or they shall have received by virtue of such Warrants or Certificates, who is and are hereby appointed and allowed to pay the same accordingly, provided this Act be carried into Execution in due Time, and in an effectual Manner, for the District in which he shall he appointed the Clerk, and all Warrants or Estreats be made out, and the Duplicates delivered to the said Receiver General, and into the Office of King's Re* membrancer as aforesaid, within the Times limited by this Act*, and not otherwise; and no other Person except the Person appointed to be his Afliftaut as aforesaid, shall, under any Pretence whatever, be entitled to, or receive, or take any Part of the Reward hereby given to such Clerk; the Amount whereof shall be apportioned and settled by the respective Commissioners; nor shall any such Clerk or Assistant, under any Pretence -whatever, demand, take, or receive any Fee, Gratuity, or Perquisite, for any Matter or Thing to be done by bim or them, by virtue and under the Authority of this Act, from any Person or Persons other than the Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, in Manner aforesaid.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall and may be sued for, recovered, and applied in such Manuer and Form, as is directed by the said recited Acts respectively in regard to the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures thereby imposed.

returned within the Time for delivering Du-plxme* to Receivers-Gcr.eir.!, fcc (/"f'43G. 3. c 99.^46. c. I 50. $ 4r.) Commissioners fh, di m. kc separate AfEAmciits and Duplicates.

Commissioners may gram Relief in Cases of double AssessinenU

Penalty on altering Assessment, SOI.

Treasury may appoint Salaries to Officers, and pay incidental Expences.

Allowances to the Receivers-General, Collectors, and Clerks to Commissioners.

[ &* §75.]

Clerk shall net take any Fee,

Penalties recoverable as under 43 G. 3. c. 90. & c. 150.

?it)6

C. t6 i

Time of Pay-ant in of Duties by Collectors to the Receivers General, and 1 v them into JJExdicquer.

Duties shall be carried to British Con soli dated d^und*

Accounts shall >be kept of Monies anting from "the Duties contained in each Schedule.

[See § I.]

Accounts of different Parts of the Duties shall he prepared at the Tax Office, and annually laid before Parliament, according to 4a G. 3. c. 70.

Apportionment of Duties.

of Hunyf 42 (7. 3. 34- §4°>]

Repeal of former Duties, and of such Parts of Acts as relate to ihufe Duties.

43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Collectors shall pay over the whole of the Sum3 by them received by virtue of this Act, in Manner and upon the Days of Payment following: that is to say, in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, the same shall be paid quarterly unto the respective Receivers General or their respective Deputies within twenty D: iys after the respective Days appointed for the Payment thereof, at such Places as shall be appointed by such Receivers General, and the said Receivers General shall cause the same to be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, before the End of the Quarter in which the same shall be received, according to the Provisions of the said first-recited Act; and in Scotland the same shall be paid half-yearly to the Receiver General at Edinburgh, videlicet, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December, for the first half-year's Instalment of the said Duties, and on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June for the last Half-year's Instalment of the said Duties in every Year; and the said Receiver General shall, within forty Days aft*r the said respective Days, remit and pay the same into the said Receipt, according to the Provisions of the said luit-recited Act.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising from the said Duties (the necessary Charge* of ralfing and accounting for the same excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of Lis Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, diilindlly and apart from all other Branches of the publick Revenues j and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the fail Receipt, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties, and pa; d into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever; but nevertheless without entering the different Proportions thereof, in separate Account* as directed by any Act or Acts hereby repealed; and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt, shall be carried to and made Part of the consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

LXXXIII. And whereas by divers of the said Acts hereby repealed, it is provided that the New or Ad-

ditional Duties thereby granted, should, during the Space of ten Years, then next ensuing, be kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, in a Book or Books, together with such other

Duties as were respectively granted for the Purpose of making permanent Additions to the Public Revenue,

and of defraying any Charges occasioned by certain Loans made and Stocks erected by Authority of Parliament, and separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successor8, upon any Account whatever; and whereas it is expedient that the whole of the Duties contained in each Schedule should be entered in one Account be it therefore enacted, That from and after the respective Period appointed for the Commencement of this Act, in the respective Parts of Great Britain herein-mentioned, the Monies arising from the Duties contained in the same Schedule shall be paid into the said Receipt in one Sum, and the Account thereof shall be there kept in one Sum; and the Monies arising from each separate Schedule, marked (A.B. C.D. E. F. G.H. I. and K.) shall be paid into the said Receipt, separate and distinct from each other; and separate Accounts shall be there kept of the same; provided always that the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, now' or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall, from the respective Periods appointed for the Commencement of this Act, during the Remainder of the ten Years mentioned in the Acts hereby repealed, in respect of the New or Additional Duties thereby respectively granted, and for the Period of ten Years from the Commencement of this Act, in respect of the New Duties by this Act granted, cause separate and distinct. Accounts of the different Parts of the said Duties and of the Amount thereof, to be prepared at the Office for Taxes, to be annually laid before Parliament, pursuant to the Provisions contained iu an Act passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for directing certain Public Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament, and for discontinuing certain other Forms of Account now in Use; provided always that a separate Account shall be kept and made out of the said New Duties; and that to such Account there shall be added, in respect of the New Duties on Windows or Lights granted by this Act, by the Manner of charging the same according to their respective Dimensiona, such further Sums as shall appear to be the Increase occasioned thereby, which Increase shall be always taken to be the Excess over and above the several Sums of three hundred and twenty-seven thousand nine hundred Pounds, five hundred and fifteen thousand Pounds, thirty-six thousand Pounds, thirty-six thousand Pounds, fifty-one thousand five hundred Pounds, and four hundred and forty-one thousand four hundred ninety-six Pounds, directed by the several Acts hereby repealed, to be entered in separate Accounts in the Books of the said Receipt, and of the further Sum of four hundred and ninety thousand Pounds, being the computed annual Amount of the Rates and Dutiet granted by the said Act, passed in the forty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, amounting together to the Sum of one million eight hundred and ninety-seven thousand eight hundred and ninety-six Pounds; and that the Excess of the said Rates and Duties above the said Sums shall be deemed a permanent Increase to the Public Revenue of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying any increased Charge occasioned by any Loam made or Stock created by Authority of any Act of Parliament passed in the present Session of Parliament.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four, the several Rates and Duties contained in any of the Acts herein after mentioned, in lieu wrhereof other Duties are hereby substituted, and also such Parts of the several Provisions of the said Acts which relate to the Duties made payable by this Act, or any of them, shall be and are hereby repealed; that is to say, 44 20 G, 2. c. 3. for Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights — 20 G. 2. c. 42. — and 21 G. 2.r. 10. for amend- ing said Act. 20 G. 2. c. 3. — 26 G. 2. r. 17. (mifreciud as an Act of his present Majesty) for Windows in Scotland — 2 G. 3. c. 8. Duties on Window's — 6 G. 3. c. 38. repealing former Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and granting others — 17 G. 3. c. 39. Duty on Servants — 18 G. 3. r. 26. Duties on Inhabited

Houses — 19 G. 3. c. 59. repealing Duties under 18 G. 3. and granting others, and amending 17 G. 3. r. 39. 44 as to Servants — 21 G» 3. r. 31. for collecting Duty on Servants — 24 G. 3. (Jh 2.) r. 31. Duty on Horses —

6 44 24 G. 3.

A.D. 18Soj,

43° GEORGII III. C.i6iu

u 34 G. 3. (Jl-2.) c. 38. Duties on Inhabited Houses — 25 G. 3.^43. repealing Duties on Servants, and*

M granting others — 25 G. 3. c. 47. transfering Duties from Excise and Stamps to Tax Office — 26 G. 3. r. 79.

" for explaining 25 G. 3. r. 47 — 29 G. 3. r. 49. Horses and Carriages — 32 G. 3. c. 2. Inhabited Houses, repealing 6 G. 3. r. 38. in Part — 36 G. 3. c. 15. New Duty on Horse6 — 36 G. 3. c. 16. Additional Duty on* Horses — 36 G. 3. 117. Lights in Dairies — 36 G. 3. c. 124. Duties on Dogs — 37 G. 3. c. 106. additional Duty on Horses — 37 G. 3. c. 107. additional Duties on Servants — 37 G. 3. r. 134. further additional Duty on Horses — 38 G. 3. c. 40. repealing Duties on Houses, Windows, Lights, and Inhabited Houses, and granting others in lieu — 38 G. 3. c. 41. repealing former Duties on Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and granting others — 38 G. 3. c. 80. to amend said c. 41 — 38 G. 3. c. 93. Taxed Carts — 41 G. 3.

44 (17. K.) c. 9. Horses, additional Duty and Exemption — 41 G. 3. (&. K.) c. 40. Exemption on Horses of Clergymen — 41 G. 3. (£/. A*.) c. 62. exempting /r^& Members, &c. from Duties — 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 69.

Duty on Hair Powder and Armorial Bearings transferred to Tax Office — 36 G. 3. c. 17. — Duty on Horffe Dealers — 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 71. Duty on Horse Dealers transferred to Tax Office — 42 G. 3. c. 34. Confo- lidated Duties on Windows, Lights, and Inhabited Houses — 42 G. 3. c. 37. Consolidated Duties on Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs — 42 G. 3. c. 100. explaining Acts as to Horses, Servants, and Carriages."

And that all the Acts heretofore repealed by any of the said Acts before mentioned to be repealed, shall be ^s^and Pe^ deemed to be, and construed also to be and continue repealed, according to the respective Provisions thereof; "and

save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, collecting, paying, or accounting for any Arrears of the (Uch Provisions fereral Duties hereby repealed, which may become payable on or before the said fifth Day of April One of the said Actt thousand eight hundred and four, and may after that Time remain unpaid, and to the recovering any Penalty r.clale to olbef or Forfeiture which shall have been then incurred under and by virtue of the said several Acts, or any of them, TluuSs* and the Provisions of the said Acts relating thereto; save also and except such Parts of any of the said Acts which relate to any Matters or Things other than the said Duties or the Methods of assessing, levying, and collecting the same.

i Commissionera and other Officers under this Act empowered to levy Arrears of Duties due under any former Acts, §85."

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall he brought against any Person Limitation of-or Persona for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or any Ad, for granting Duties to be assessed Atfions, fix under the Regulations of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months Months, next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and no Writ or Process shall be sued out for the Com- One Month* mencement of such Action or Suit, until one Calendar Month next after Notice in Writing shall have been Notice, delivered to or left at the usual Place of Abode of such Person or Personp, by the Attorney or Agent for the intended Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in which Notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the Cause and Causes of Action, the Name and Place or Places of Abode of the intended Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and of his and their Attorney or Agent, and no Evidence shall be given on the Trial of such Action or Suit of any Cause or Causes of Action, than such as is or are contained in such Notice; and the intended Defendant or Tender of Defendants to whom such Notice shall have been delivered, may at any Time before the Expiration of such Amends. Calendar Month tender Amends to the intended Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, nis or their Attorney or Agent; and in case such Amends are not accepted, may plead such Tender in bar to any Action or Suit to be brought against him or them, grounded on such Notice, Writ, or Process; and the Defendant or Defendants in every General Issue, such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and also such Tender, and any other Plea, with Leave of the Court in bar of such Action or Suit; and may give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; and if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for Treble Costs. the same as any Defendant hath in any other Case to recover Costs by Law; and every such Action or Suit which shall be brought against any Collector or Collectors appointed under this Act, shall be defended by the Commissioners acting for the Division or Place where such Collector shall have been appointed, and Expence of the Costs and Charges attending the fame, as also every other Action or Suit to be brought by or against Actions by or Commissioners or Collectors in pursuance of this Act, or for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or m*ffonereIX&c# any Ad, for granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, shall be defrayed by an shall 1*defrayed Assessment made on the Parish or Place for which such Collector or Collectors shall have been appointed m by Assessxneot. a just Proportion to the Amount of the Duties payable under this Act, on the respective Persons charged' to the same in the Assessment to be made next after the Time when the said Costs and Charges shall- have been incurred.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect from and after Commencement the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four, as to all Matters and Things, except f lhe AA* where Directions are specially given by this Act, in regard to Assessments made or to be made by virtue* 4 l'* of any Act or Acts in Force at the Time of passing this Act at any Time after the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three, for the present Year, which Provisions shall Severally commence and take Effect from the said fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three*.

Ad.may be altered in the present Session, §88."

XI67

TU

The SCHEDULES referred to by the ACT of the 43d Year of his present Majesty's Reign.

SCHEDULE (A.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties made payable for every Dwelling House within and throughout Great Britain, according to the Number of WINDOWS or LIGHTS in each.

NUMBER of WINDOWS According to which the Dwelling House shall be charged. Duties to uc charged for Windows in every Dwelling Housein England, ivuiltra tO OO charged lor Window! in every Dwelling Housein. Scotland.

Not more than fix Window? or Lights (except in such Houses which shall be worth £. /. d. £. / d.

the Rent of /*c. by the Year, and shall be charged to the Duty mentioned

in Schedule (B.), according to the Rent thereof) — — 0 6 0 0 4 0

Not more than 6 Windows or Lights, if of the Value before mentioned, and

charged to the said Duty accordingly — — 0 8 0 0 6 0

7 Windows or Lights - 0 18 6 0 16 6

8 Do. — — — 1 10 0 I 8 0

9 Do. — — — 1 18 0 I 16 0

10 Do. — — — 2 10 0 2 8 0

11 Do. — — 3 5 0 3 3 0

12 Do. — — — 4 0 0 3 18 0

3 Do. — — — 4 15 0 4 13 0

X4 Do. — _ — - 5 10 0 5 8 0

*5 Do. — — — 6 5 0 6 3 0

l6 — Do. — — — 7 0 0 6 18 0

17 Do. — — — 7 15 0 7 3 0

18 Do. — — — 8 10 0 8 8 0

19 Do. — — # — 95 093 0

20 Do. — — 10 0 0918 0

21 Do. _ — — 10 15 0 10 x3 0

22 Do. — — — 11 10 0 11 8 0

13 Do. — — 12 5 0 12 3 0

34 Do. — — — 3 0 0 12 18 0

*5 Do. - 13 f5 0 13 x3 0

26 Do. — — — 14 1# 0 14 8 0

*7 Do. — — — x5 5 0 15 3 0

38 Do. _ _ — 16 0 0 15 18 0

29 Do. — — — 16 15 0 16 x3 0

30 Do. — — — 17 10 0 17 8 0

3» Do. — — ' — 18 5 0 18 3 0

3* Do. — — — 9 0 0 18 18 0

33 — Do. — — — 9 x5 0 x9 x3 0

34 Do. - 20 10 0 20 8 0

35 Do. — _ _ 21 5 0 21 3 0

36 Do. — — — 22 Q 0 21 18 0

37 Do. — — _ 22 15 0 22 x3 0

38 Do. — — — 23 IO 0 23 8 0

39 Do. — — — 24 5 0 24 3 0

4° to 44 Do.' — — — 255 0 25 x3 0

45 — ^49 — Do. — — — 28 5 0 28 3 0

50 — 54 — Do. - 3° x5 0 30 x3 0

55 — 59 — Do. — _ — 33 5 0 33 3 0

60 — 64 — Do. — — — 3590 35 7 0

«5 — 69 — Do. — — — 3790 37 7 0

70 — 74 — no* — — — 3990 39 7 0

75 — 79 — Do. _. — — 4190 41 7 0

80 — 84 — Do. — — — 4390 43 7 0

85 — 89 — Do. — — — 4590 45 7 0

90 — 94 — Do. — — — 4790 47 7 0

95 — 99 — Do. — _ — 4990 49 7 0

100 — 109 — Do. - 5290 52 7 0

110 — 119 — Do. — — — 5690 56 7 0

120 — 129 — Do. — — — 6090 60 7 0

I!JO — 139 — Do. — — — 6490 6a 7 0

140 — 149 — Do. — — — 6890 68 7 0

IJO — 159 — Do. — — _ 7290 72 7 0

160 — 169 — Do. — — — 7690 76 7 0

170 — 179 — Do. — — — 8090 80 7 0

180 and upwards Do. — — — 83 0 0 82 18 0

And for every such Dwelling House which shall contain more than 180 Windows

Lights, for every Window or Light exceeding the Number of 180. CZnr krPi, 2 6 0 2 6

Schedule

[&« §10. to 24.

of this j&]

A*I). 1803.

C. 161.

1169

43- GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (A.) Windows. — Continued*

RULES for charging Windows or Lights.

I. — The said several Duties to be charged annually in respect of the Windows or Lights in every Dwelling House, with the Household and other Offices herein enumerated.

II. — All Skylights, and all Windows of Lights however constructed, in Staircases, Garrets, Cellars, Passages, and all other Parts of Dwelling-Houses, to what Use or Purpose soever applied, and whether such Windows or Lights shall be in the exterior or interior Parts of such Dwelling.Houses, to be charged to the said Duties.

III. — Every Window or Light in any Kitchen, Cellar, Scullery, Buttery, Pantry, Larder, Washhouse, Laundry, Bakehouse, Brewhouse, and Lodging Room, belonging to or occupied with any Dwelling House, whether the same shall be within or contiguous to or disjoined from the Body of such Dwelling House, shall be charged to the said Duties.

IV. — The said Duties to be charged yearly upon the Occupier or Occupiers of the Houses, Cottages, or Tenements, in respect whereof the said Duties shall be charged, and to be in Force for one whole Year, from the fifth Day of April in the Year in which the same shall be charged, to be levied on such Occupier or Occupiers, or on his, her, or their respective Executors, or Administrators, except as herein after provided.

V. — Where any Change in the Occupation of any House, Cottage, or Tenement, shall take place after the Assessment shall be made, then and in such Case the Duties hereby directed to be charged on the Occupier or Occupiers of Houses, Cottages, or Tenements, for one Year, shall be levied upon and paid by the Occupier or Occupiers, Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners for the Time being, or on both or all of them, according to their Times of Possession thereof, without any new Assessment, notwithstanding such Change in the Occupation of such House, Cottage, or Tenement for the Year that such House shall have been assessed: Provided, That where a Tenant of any House, Cottage, or Tenement shall quit the fame, on the Determination of the Lease or Demise thereof, after an Assessment shall be made, and shall have given Notice thereof to the Assessor for the Place, the Duty thereon shall be discharged by the Commissioners for executing this A Cl for the Remainder of that Year, in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners at the End of such Year, that such House, Cottage* or Tenement, shall have continued wholly unoccupied for and during the Remainder of such Year.

VI. — Where any Dwelling House is or shall be let in different Apartments, Tenements, Lodgings, or Landings, and shall be inhabited by two or more Persons or Families, the same shall nevertheless be charged as if such House was inhabited by one Person or Family only; and the Landlord or Owner, Landlords or Owners of such House, Apartments, or Tenements, are or mall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers of such House, and shall be charged with the said Duties: Provided, that where the Landlord shall not reside within the Limits of the Collector, or the same shall remain unpaid by such Landlord for the Space of twenty Days after the same is due, the Duties so charged may be levied on the Occupier or Occupiers respectively, and such Payment shall be deducted and allowed out of the next Payment on account of Rent.

VII. — Every House, whereof the Keeping is or shall be committed or left to the Care or Charge of any Person or Servant, shall be subject to the like Duties as if it were inhabited by the Owner, or by a Tenant; and if such Person or Servant shall not pay Rates to the Church and Poor, the said Duties shall be paid by the respective Owners or Tenants of the said House.

VIII. — Every distinct Chamber or Apartment in any of the Inns of Court, or of Chancery, or in any College or Hall, in either of the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, or any public Hospital, being severally in the Tenure or Occupation of any Person or Persons, shall be subject to the lame Duties as if the same was an entire House, which Duties shall be paid by the Occupiers thereof respectively; provided that every such Chamber or Apartment, which shall not contain more than seven Windows or Lights, shall be charged at the Rate of three Shillings for every such Window or Light.

IX. — All Dwelling-Rooms in any Hall or Office whatever, belonging to any Person or Persons, or to any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or to any Company that are or may be lawfully charged wi|h the Payment of any other Taxes or Parish Rates, shall be subject to the Duties hereby made payable, and shall be respectively charged as Dwelling-Houses; and the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Company, to whom the lame shall belong, shall be charged as the Occupier or Occupiers thereof.

X. — When a Partition or Division between two or more Windows or Lights, fixed in one Frame, is or shall be of the Breadth or Space of twelve Inches, the Window or Light on each Side of such Partition or Division shall be charged as a distinct Window or Light.

XI. — Every Window extending so far as to give Light into more Rooms, Landings, or Stories than one, shall be reckoned and charged as lo many separate Windows as there are Rooms, Landings, or Stories enlightened thereby.

XII. — Every Window or Light, including the Frame, Partitions, iind Divisions thereof, which by due Admeasurement of the whole Space on the Aperture of the Wall of the House or Building, on the Outside of such Window or Light, shall exceed in Height twelve Feet, or in Breadth four Feet nine Inches, not being less than three Feet six Inches in Height, shall be reckoned and charged as two Windows or Lights, except such Windows or Lights as shall have been made of greater Dimensions at any Time prior to the fifth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, except also the Windows or Lights in such Parts of Dwelling-Houses as are used for Shops, Workshops, and Warehouses, and except the Windows or Lights in the Publick Room of any House licensed to fell Wine, Ale, or other 'Liquors by Retail, which shall be used for the Entertainment of Guests; and the Windows ex Lights in Farm-Houses especially exempted from the

43 Geo. III. - 7 K Duties

How chargeable. Skylight?, &c.

Lights inOfllces.

Chargeable

annually.

Changes Occupation.

Houses Jet in Apartments. (&eXIII.)

HouseUcfi in Charge of Set vants.

Chambers in Inns of Court.

Rooms in puLJick Halil.

Partitions between Windows.

Windows lighting two Places.

Dimerfions of Windows.

1170

C.i6i

A.D. 1803.

District

Tenements.

(SreVI.)

Royal Family. Publick Offices. Hospitals, See.

Chapels.

Proviso for charging Hospi-tals and Chapels.

Dairies.

How chargeable.

Outhouses.

Shops and Ware-houses attached*

43° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (A.) Windows. — Continued.

Duties in the following Schedule marked (B.), or in any Dwelling House not chargeable to the Duties mentioned in the said Schedule.

XIII. — Where any Dwelling House shall be divided into different Tenements, being distinct Properties* every such Tenement shall be subject to the same Duties as if the same were an entire House, which Duties shall be paid by the Occupiers thereof respectively; provided that every such Tenement in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, which shall not contain more than seven Windows or Lights, shall be charged at the Rate of three Shillings for every such Window or Light, and every such Tenement in Scotland which shall not contain more than seven Windows or Lights shall be charged at the Rate of two Shillings and Sixpence for every such Window or Light.

EXEMPTIONS from the said Duties.

Case I. — Any House belonging to his Majesty, or any of the Royal Family, and every Publick Office, for which the Duties heretofore payable have been paid by his Majesty, or out of the Publick Revenue.

Case II. — Any Hospital, Charity School, or House provided for the Reception and Relief of poor Persons, except such Apartments therein as are or may be occupied by the Officers or Servants thereof, which shall severally be assessed, and be subject to the said Duties as entire Dwelling-Houses.

Case III. — The Windows in any Room of a Dwelling House licensed according to Law as a Chapel for the Purposes of Divine Worship, and used for no other Purpose whatsoever.

Provided, that every such Hospital, Charity School, House for the Reception and Relief of poor Persons, or Room licensed as a Chapel as aforesaid, shall be brought into Charge by the AlTeffor or Assessors, or, in their Default, by the Surveyor or Inspector, and shall be dated on the Certificate of Assessments as such; and on due Proof of the Fast before the Commissioners by the Assessors, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for executing the said Act to discharge such Hospital, Charity School, House for the Reception and Relief of poor PeiTons, and Room licensed as a Chapel, from the said Duties, or such Part thereof as is hereby intended to be exempted in like Manner as they are authorized to discharge the Assessment on poor Persons by this Act, but not otherwise.

Case IV. — The Windows or Lights in any Dairy or Cheese Room belonging to and occupied with any Dwelling House, chargeable with the said Duties, although the same shall be Part thereof, which shall be used by such Occupier or Occupiers for the Purpose of keeping Butter or Cheese, being their own Produce, for Sale or private Use: Provided, that the Windows or Lights, in such Dairies or Cheese Rooms, shall be made with Splines or Wooden Laths, or Iron Bars, or Wires, and wholly without Glass, and that the Occupiers of the Dwelling.Houses to which such Dairies and Cheese Rooms belong, shall paint or cause to be painted on the outer Door thereof, or on the Outside of the Windows thereof, or one of them, in large Roman Letters, the Words, " Dairy or Cheese Room, " as the Case may require, and shall keep, and from Time to Time restore such Words so painted distinctly legible, during all such Time as such Exemption shall be claimed; and provided, that such Dairies or Cheese Rooms shall not be at at any Time or Times used to dwell or to deep in by any Person or Persons, but shall be wholly kept and used for the several Purposes herein-before mentioned: And provided also, that an Assessment of all such Windows or Lights shall be duly made, and the Fast be truly returned in the Manner directed by this Act in other Cases of Exemption from the said Duties, so that the Number of Windows so to be exempted may be ascertained, and the Exemption be allowed by the Commissioners for executing this Act.

SCHEDULE (B.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties made payable on all Inhabited Britain, according to the Value thereof.

Dwelling-Houses throughout Great

In th* Pound.

For every such Inhabited House which, with the Household and other Offices, Yards and Gardens therewith occupied and charged, are or shall be worth the Rent herein after mentioned by the Year, there shall be charged the yearly Sums following j videlicet,

£.$. and under £.20 Rent, by the Year -

£20 and under £.40 Rent, by the Year -

.40 Rent by the Year, and upwards -

£. J. o 1 4

020 026

RULES for charging the said last mentioned Duties.

I. — The said last mentioned Duties to be charged annually on the Occupier or Occupiers for the Time being of every such Dwelling House, being of the annual Rent of five Pounds or upwards, at the respective Rates before mentioned, and to be levied on him, her, or them, or on his, her, or their respective Executors or Administrators, and in like Manner in case of a Change in the Occupation thereof as is before directed in respect of the Duties on Windows or Lights, and in Addition to the Duties contained in Schedule (A.)

IL — Every Coachhouse, Stable, Brewhouse, Washhouse, Laundry, Woodhouse, Bakehouse, Dairy, and all other Offices, and all Yards, Courts, and Curtilages, and Gardens and Pleasure Grounds, belonging to and occupied with any Dwelling-Houses, shall, in charging the said Duties, be valued together with uich Dwelling House $ provided no more than one Ajcre of such Gardens and Pleasure Grounds shall in any Case be so valued.

III. — All Shops and Warehouses which are attached to the Dwelling House, or have any Communication (herewith* shall in charging the said Duties be valued together with the Dwelling House) and the Household

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 161.

SCHEDULE (B.) Inhabited Houses — continued. and other Offices aforesaid thereunto belonging (except such Warehouses and Buildings upon or near adjoining to Wharfs which are occupied by Persons who carry on the Business of Wharfingtrs, and who have Dwelling-Houses upon the said Wharfs for the Residence of themselves or Servants employed upon the said Wharfs).

And also except such Warehouses as are distinct and separate Buildings, and not Parts or Parcels of such Dwelling Houses, or the Shops attached thereto, but employed solely for the Purpose of lodging Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, or for carrying on some Manufacture (notwithstanding the same may adjoin to or have Communication with the Dwelling House or Shop).

IV. — Every Chamber or Apartment in any of the Inns of Court, or of Chancery, or in any College or Hall in any of the Universities of Great Britain, being severally in the Tenure or Occupation of any Person or Persons, shall be charged thereto as an entire House, and on the respective Occupiers thereof.

V. — Every Hall or Office whatever belonging to any Person or Persons, or to any Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or to any Company that are or may be lawfully charged with the Payment of any other Taxes or Parish Rates, shall be subject to the Duties hereby made payable as inhabited Houses; and the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Company, to whom the same shall belong, shall be charged as tho Occupier or Occupiers thereof.

VI. — Where any House shall be let in different Stories, Tenements, Lodgings, or Landings, and shall be inhabited by two or more Persons or Families, the same shall nevertheless be subject to and shall in like Manner be charged to the said Duties as if such House or Tenement was inhabited by one Person or Family only, and the Landlord or Owner shall be deemed the Occupier of such Dwelling House, and shall be charged to the said Duties: Provided that where the Landlord shall not reside within the Limits of the Collector, or the same shall remain unpaid by such Landlord for the Space of twenty Days after the same is due, the Duties so charged may be levied on the Occupier or Occupiers respectively; and such Payments shall be deduced and allowed out of the next Payment on account of Rent.

VII. — No Dwelling House, or other such Pretnifes as aforesaid, shall be estimated at or rated at any left annual Value than the Rent or Value at which the same Premises (land charged in the last RaH made on or before the Time of making the Assessment for the Relief of the Poor in the same Parish or Place.

VIII. — In case the said Poor Rate shall Have been made throughout by a Pound Rate on the full annual Value of all the Dwelling Houses in the same Parish or Place, then such Assessment shall be made according to the said Rate; and the Assessors appointed or to be appointed for the said Duties shall in making their Assessments on different Dwelling Houses in the same Parish or Place, in all such Cases as aforesaid, observe the same Rule of Proportion between the Assessment of the Duties granted by* this Act thereon, as shall have been observed in making such Poor Rate as to all the Premises aforesaid rated in such Poor Rate.

IX. — In case the said Poor Rate shall have been made on any proportionate Part of such Value, then such Assessors shall affect the same at the same Sums respectively as they would have been assessed at by virtue of this Act, if the same had been respectively edimated in such Poor Rate at the full Value thereof respectively.

X. — In case the Poor Rate in any Parish or Place shall not be made on the full annual Value of the different Dwelling Houses charged, nor according to any proportionate Part of such annual Value, but nevertheless the said Dwelling Houses shall be rated in a due Proportion to each other, it shall be lawful for the Assessors, by all lawful Ways and Means authorized by this Act, to inquire into, and to the bed of their Information and Judgment to ascertain the actual Rent of the several Houses an J other the Premise3 aforesaid, in different Occupations within their Limits, which shall have been let within the Period of three Years preceding the Time for making the Assessment, or so many of them as they shall not be able to ascertain the Rent of, and shall make an Assessment on the actual Rent on such of the said Houses and Premises therewith occupied which shall appear to them to have been so let at the just and full Value thereof, and shall afterwards proceed to assess the several other House3 with the Premises aforesaid occupied therewith, in Sums respectively bearing the same Proportion as far, as the same can be computed, to the Amount of such first Assessment as the Sums charged on the said Poor Rate on such other Premises respectively bear to the Sum charged in the said Poor Rate on the said House and Premises so first assessed: Provided always, that the aforesaid Rule shall extend only to such Houses and Premises chargeable under this Act as shall be rated in such Poor Rate distinctly and unmixed with other Property not chargeable to the Duties hereby granted.

XI. — In case any House, with the Premises aforesaid therewith occupied, shall not be rated in such Poor Rate, or shall be rated therein, together with other Property not chargeable to the Duties hereby granted, or there shall be no Poor Rate in the Parish or Place where such House is fttuate, and in every Case where the Rules before mentioned are not applicable, the said Assessors shall make their Assessments from the belt Information they can obtain of the annual Value thereof, which in all Cases shall be the actual Amount of the Rent at which the said Houses and Premises aforesaid respectively arc let, or if not let the Rent which they respectively are worth to be let by the Year.

All. — In case any House, with tbft Premises aforesaid, shall, on Occasion of the Assessor or Assessors having purfned the Proportions observed in the Poor Rate on which such Assessment was made, have been assessed at a Slim exceeding the just Rate on the annual Value thereof, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to abate and deduct from such Assessment so much as in their Judgment will reduce the same to a just Rate on such annual Value, but in no Case to a less annual Value than the lame (lands rated at in the Poor Rate.

XIII. — In case any House, with the Premises aforesaid, shall, on Occasion of the Assessor or Assessors having pursued the Proportions observed in such Poor Rate, have been assessed at a Sum less than the actual Rent at which the same shall be let, or if not let, at less than the Rent at which the same might be let, it shall he lawful for the Commissioners to enlarge and encrease such Assessment to such Sum as a like Rent would amount unto.

7 K t XIV. — Where

1171

Warehouses

detached.

Clumbers in Inns o! Court, &c.

Publick Hall*, &c.

Houses fei in Apartments. (See XIV.)

Value according to Poor's Rate.

If Poor's Rate on lull Value.

If on proportionate Value.

If otherwise.

If net rated.

Abatement of Rate.

Jocreaftof Rat*

Distimfl Tenements. (See VI.)

Royal Family — sublick Offices.

Farm Housei.

Farm House of Owner.

Hospitals.

Houses in Charge of Servants.

To what Servants extended.

Servants in Tavern*.

Catdeam.

SCHEDULE (B.) Inhabited Houses — continued.

XIV. — Where any Dwelling House shall be divided into different Tenements being distinct Properties, every such Tenement shall be subject to the same Duties as if the same was an entire House, which Duty shall be paid by the Occupiers thereof respectively.

EXEMPTIONS.

Case I. — Any House belonging to his Majesty, or any of the Royal Family, and every Publick Office for which the Duties heretofore payable have been paid by his Majesty, or out of the Publick Revenue.

Case II. — Every Dwelling House, being a Farm House, occupied by a Tenant, and bond Jide used for the Purposes of Husbandry only.

Case III. — Every Dwelling House, being a Farm House, occupied by the Owner thereof, and bond side used for the Purposes of Husbandry only, which, together with the Household and other Offices aforesaid, mall be valued under this Act at ten Pounds par Annum* or any less Sum.

Case IV. — Any Hospital, Charity School, or House provided for the Reception or Relief of poor Persons.

Case V — Every House whereof the keeping is or shall be committed or left to the Care or Charge of anr Person or Servant, who doth not pay Rates to the Church and Poor, and who resides therein for the Purpose only of taking Care thereof: Provided that an Assessment shall be duly made in every such Case, and the Fad be truly returned in the Manner directed by this Act in other Cases of Exemption from the said Duties, and the Exemption be allowed by the Commissioners for executing this Act.

SCHEDULE (C.)

No. 1.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for every Male Servant retained or employed by any Person or Persons in the several Capacities mentioned herein.

Amount of DUTY for each Servant.

£ d.

2 0 0

2 IO 0

3 0 0

3 10 0

4 0 0

4 4 0

4 6 0

4 12 0

5 0 0

5 10 0

6 6 0

I IO 0

NUMBER OF SERVANTS.

For

1 such Servant

2 — Do. —

3 — Do. —

4 — Do. —

5 — Do.

6 — Do.

7 — Do. —

8 — Do. —

9 — Do. —

10 — Do. —

11 — Do. and upwards

For every such Servant retained or employed by any Male Persons, never having been married, over and above the before-mentioned Duties, the further Sum of -

RULES for charging the said last mentioned Duties.

I. — The said last mentioned Duties to be paid by the Master or Mistress of such Servants respectively, and to extend to and be payable for every Male Servant retained or employed in any of the following Capacities; that is to lay, Maitre d>Hotel, House Steward, Master of the Horse, Groom of the Chamber, Valet de Chambre, Butler, Under Butler, Clerk of the Kitchen, Confedioner, Cook, House Porter, Footman, Running Footman, Coachman, Groom, Postillion, Stable Boy or Helper in the Stables of the Mailer or Mill refs, Gardener, Park-keeper, Game-keeper, Huntsman, Whipper-in, or by whatever Name or Names Male Servants really acting in any of the said Capacities shall be called, or whether such Male Servants shall have been retained or employed iu one or more of the said Capacities, or io any other Business jointly with one or more of the said Capacities, and to every such Servants let to Hire with any Carriage or Horses for one Year, or any longer Period.

II. — The said Duties shall extend to all Servants of the Capacities before mentioned employed in Taverns, Coffeehouses, Inns, Alehouses, or any other Houses licensed to fell Wine, Ale, or other Liquors by Retail, and in Eating or Victualling Houses, and in Hotels or Lodging Houses, being Eating and Victualling Houses of whatever Description, although not licensed, except Hoitlers and Helpers in Stables, and Drivers employed to drive Carriages let out to hire, in such Manner that the Stamp Office Duty payable by Law ou Horses let to hire shall have been duly paid and satisfied, and except Waiters.

III. — The said last mentioned Duties on Gardeners shall extend to every Gardener who shall have contracted for the keeping of any Garden or Gardens, and to every Person who shall have been hired to work in any Garden wherein the constant Labour of one Person shall be necessary, or where one Person shall have been confttintly employed, to be paid by the Person or Persons for whose Use, and in whose Garden such Gardener or Perfoaa shall have been employed, except as herein after mentioned.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. 161. 1173

SCHEDULE (C.) Male Servants. — Continued

IV. — The said ^aft-mentioned Duties shall extend to all Apprentices retained or employed in any of the Capacities aforesaid, save and except such Apprentices as shall have been imposed upon any Master or Mistress under and by virtue of the Powers given to Magistrates and Parish Officers by any Act or Acts of Parliament, £0 as the Number of such Apprentices for whom this Exception shall be claimed by the same Person shall not exceed two, such Apprentices not wearing Livery, nor being employed as Livery Servants.

V. — The said last mentioned Duties on Gamekeepers shall extend to every Person retained or employed to jkill or preserve Game for the Use of any other Person or Persons, whether lawfully appointed to kill or preserve Game or not, to be paid by the Person or Persons, retaining, employing, or appointing such Persons respectively; except Gamekeepers, being the Servants of other qualified Persons duly returned by and charged to the said Duties as Servants of such other Persons.

VI. — The said last mentioned Duties shall extend to every Person who shall be employed in the Capacity of a Coachman, Postillion, Groom, or Helper in the Stables, although such Person shall have been retained for the Purposes of Husbandry, or any Manufacture or Trade, where the Master or Mistress of such Person shall be chargeable with Duty for any Carriage (other than a Taxed Cart) or for two or more Horses chargeable with the Duty on Horses kept for the Purpose of riding or drawing Carriages as herein mentioned.

VII. — The said last mentioned Duties shall extend to every Person who shall be employed as a Groom,

Stable Boy, or Helper in the Stables of the Master or Mistress, to take Care of any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, the Property of such Master or Mistress, kept for the Pun>o£e of racing or running for any Plate, Prize, Sum of Money, or other Thing, or in training for any of the said Purposes.

No. 2.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for Male Servants retained or employed in the several Capacities herein mentioned;

For every Gardener, or Person employed to work in any Garden, under any Person chargeable

to the Duties mentioned in Schedule (C.), No. 1.5 and for every Gardener employed in any £m /. dL Garden wherein the constant Labour of one Person shall not be necessary, the Sum of — o. 5 o To be paid by each Person in whose Garden such Person shall be employed.

EXEMPTIONS from the Duties as set forth in Schedule (C.), No. 1 and 2.

Any Person employed by the Day or Week to work as a Day Labourer, at the usual Rate of Wages for Day Laboure r Day Labourers in Agriculture, in any Garden belonging to a Dwelling House, being a Farm House, and exempted as such from the Duties mentioned in Schedtde (B.), or in any Garden belonging to a Dwelling House not chargeable to the Duties mentioned in the said Schedule, such Garden not requiring the constant Labour of one such Labourer.

Apprentices,

Gamekeeper/.

Coachmen, &c:

Grooms-

No. 3.

A SCHEDULE, of the Duties payable annually for every Mate Person or employed in the several Capacities herein mentioned.

For every Male Person employed by any Merchant or Trader as a Traveller or Rider, the Duties

following, viz.

Where one such Traveller or Rider and no more shall be so employed, the Sum of -

And where more than one such Traveller or Rider shall be so employed, for each the Sum of For every Male Person employed by any Person in Trade, or exercising any Profession whatever, as a Cleri. or Book-keeper, or Office-keeper, except Apprentices where no Premium, or a Premium less in Value than the Sum of 20l. has been paid or contracted for with such Apprentice, the Duties following, viz.

Where one such Clerk, Book-keeper, or Office-keeper, and no more, shall be so employed, the Sum of -

And where more than one such Clerk, Book-keeper, or Office-keeper shall be so employed, for each the Sum of — -r -

For every Male Person employed by any Person in Trade as a Shopman, Warehouseman, or Porter (except Apprentices as aforesaid), for the Purpose of exposing to Sale or felling Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in such Shop or Warehouse, whether by Wholesale or Retail*the Sum of — For every Male Servant employed as a Waiter (except occasional Waiters over and above the ordinary Number ufuatly kept) in any Taverns, CofFee-Houses, Inns, Alehouse3, or other licensed' Houses, or in Eating or Victualling Houses, or in Hotels or Lodging Hou&s, being Eating or Victualling Houses, the Sum of -

For any Male Servant retained by any Stable-keeper to take Care of any Horse, Mare, or Gelding of any other Person or Persons kept for the Purpose of racing or running for any Plate, Prize, Su'm of Monty, or other Thing, or any Horse, Mare, or Gelding in training for any of the said Purposes, whereby such Stable-keeper shall gain a Livelihood or Profit, the Sum of — For every Male Servant Iona Jide retained for the Purposes of Husbandry, Manufacture, or Trade, by which the Master or Mistress shall gain a Livelihood or Profit, and at any Time employed in any domestic Employment in any of the Capacities in Schedule (C.), No. 1, and not chargeable to the Duties in the said .Schedule, the Sum of -

1

Servant retained or

Travel len.

2. 2 0

3 3 0

Clerks.

1 1 O

2 2 O

Shopmen.

1 1 O

Waiters.

0 O

StaMc. Keepers1 Men.

1 - 1 O

Servants in Husbandvy.

i

1 x74

Pav.iMc by the Wallet.

*(9«r$4r, 3T<*.)

(Andfee Schedule L.)

Husbandry

Servants, &c.

CollegeServanti.

Hospital

Servants.

Officers*

Servants.

Half-Pay Offi-cert* Servanu.

C. 161. __ 43° GEORGII III. A.D.

SCHEDULE (C). No. 3. Malb Servants. — Continued.

For every Male Servant bond side retained for the Purposes of Husbandry, or any Manufacture or Trade by which the Masteror Mistress shall gain a Livelihood or Profit, and at any Time employed in the Capacity of a Groom, Stable Boy, or Helper in the Stables, where the Master or Mistress shall be chargeable for one Horse, and no more, to the Duty on Horses kept for the Purposes of riding, or drawing a Taxed Cart, or to the Duty on such Taxed Cart, and not on any other Carriage chargeable with Duty by this Act, the Sum of -

The said Duties to be paid by the Employer, or Master or Mistress of such Persons or Servants.

No. 4.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on Servants let to Hire.

For every Coachman, Groom, Postilion, 'or Helper, kept for the Purpose of being let to Hire for any Period of Time less than one Year, and in such Manner that the Stamp Office Duty payable by Law on Horses let to Hire shall not be payable on every such Letting by any Post-master, Innkeeper, or other Person duly licensed to let Post H >rfcs by the Commissioners for managing the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or by any Coachmaker or Maker of such Carriages, or other Person, the annual Sum of — — — 200

The said Duty to be paid by the Person or Persons letting the same to Hire; provided, that if the Person or Persons hiring the same shall not make a Return thereof according to the Directions of this Act, then and in every such Case the progressive Duty made payable by Schedule (C.), No. 1., shall be chargeable in respect of every such Servant on the Person or Persons hiring such Servant, and making such Default as aforesaid, according to the Number of Servants retained by him, her, or them, in the Manner directed by the Act; and the said Duty, and no more, shall be charged on Servants let to Hire as aforesaid by any Assessment of the Duties on Servants payable at the Time of passing this Act, which shall have been or shall be made at any Time after the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three, on the Person or Persons so letting the same for the present Year; and every Assessment made at any higher Rate on such Person or Persons shall, on Appeal by him, her, or them, be rectified by the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Act or Acts granting such Duties; any Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

EXEMPTIONS from the last mentioned Duties, as set forth in Schedules (C.), No. 1, 2, 3, and 4.*

I. — The said Duties not to be payable by any Person who shall have retained or employed bond side any Male Servant solely for the Purposes of Husbandry or Manufacture, or of any Trade or Calbng by which the Masteror Mistress of such Servant shall earn a Livelihood or Profit, and who hath not at any Time or Occasion, or in any Manner, or for any Purpose, been employed in any of the Capacities enumerated in Schedules (C.), No. 1. and 2. nor in any of the Capacities enumerated in Schedules (C.), No. 3. and 4. whereon any Duty is specifically made payable.

The said Duties not to be payable by any College or Hall within either of the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, or the several Colleges of Wefirmnfier9 Eton, or Winchester, for any Butler, Manciple, Cock, Gardener, or Porter; nor by any of the Royal Family, for any Servant acting in any of the Capacities aforesaid.

The said Duties not to be payable by any of the Royal Hospitals of Chrifi9 Saint Bartholomew, Bridewell, Bethlem, Saint Thomas in the City of London and Borough of Southwark, or Guy*s, or the Foundling Ho/bital.

The said Duties not to be payable by any Officer serving in any Regiment of Horse or Dragoons under the Rank, or not receiving the Pay of, a Field Officer; nor by any Officer serving in any Regiment of Artil-leij. Infantry, Royal Marines, Royal Garnfon Battalions or Corps of Engineers, for any Servant being actually a Soldier in the Regiment, Troop, or Company, to which such Officer shall belong 5 nor by any Officer in his Majesty's Navy under the Rank of a Master and Commander, in actual Employ, for any Servant borne upon the Books of the Ship to which such Officer shall belong.

Nor by any Officer on Half Pay from his MajestVs Navy, Army, or Marines, who shall have been disabled by Lois of a Limb or Wound received in his Majesty's Service, retaining or employing one Male Servant only.

1803.

£. s. cL OJO

SCHEDULE

SCHEDULE (D.)

No, i.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on all Carriages of any of the Descriptions mentioned herein.

NUMBER of CARRIAGES.

Amount of Duty for each Carriage.

For Carnages with four Wheels:

For I such Carriage, the annual Sum of -

2 Do.

3 Do.

4 Do.

5 Do.

6 Do.

8 Do.

9 Do. and upwards -

And for every additional Body successively used on the same Carriage or Number of Wheels, the

further Sum of -

No. a.

For Carriages with less than four Wheels:

For every such Carriage (except Taxed Carts, conflru&ed, kept, and used under the Regulations of this Act), drawn by one Horse, Mare, or Gelding, and no more -

And for every such Carriage, drawn by two or more Horses, Mares, or Geldings -

And for every additional Body, of the Description herein after mentioned, successively used on the same Carriage or Number of Wheels, the further Sum of —

10 o

11 o

12 O 12 IO

12 O

13 IO

14 O

14 IO

15

<L

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

5 00

£ s. d.

5 5 0 7 7 0

- 2 10 o

RULES for charging the said Duties in the two foregoing Schedules.

I. — The said Duties to be respectively charged for every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Sociable, or Caravan with four Wheels; and for every Calalh, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Curricle, Chair, or Car, with less than four Wheels, or any Number thereof respectively; and for every other Carriage with four Wheels, or with less than four Wheels, respectively used or to be used for the like Purposes, by whatever Name or Names the same shall be called or known, kept by any Person or Persons for his, her, or their own Use, or hired by the Year, or any longer Period; and upon all such Carriages kept to be let out to Hire, or to carry Passengers for Hire (except such Carriages for which other Duties are herein after made payable), and which Duties shall be respectively paid by the Person or Persons keeping such Carriages, and shall be chargeable upon the Body, or, if more than one, upon the Bodies of such Carriages respectively, according to the Number thereof successively used on the same Carriage or Number of Wheels in the Manner before directed, and not in respect of the Wheels thereof, or any other Parts of such Carriages to which the Wheels shall be attached.

No. 3.

For Carriages hired for any Period of Time less than one Year, or kept to be let out to Hire, or to carry Passengers

For every such Carnage kept for the Purpose of being let to Hire, with Horses to be used therewith, for any Period of Time not exceeding twenty eight Days, so that the Stamp Office Duty, payable by Law on Horses let to Hire, shall be duly paid and satisfied on every such Letting by any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person duly licensed to let Post Horses by the Commissioners for managing the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and whereon the Name or Names, and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons so licensed shall be marked or painted, according to the Directions of the Act in that Case made and provided j if such Carriage shall have four Wheels, the Sum of -

And if such Carriage shall have less than four Wheels, the respective Sums mentioned in Schedule (D.), No. 2., according to the Number of Horses used therewith, as therein mentioned.

And for every Coach, Diligence, Caravan, or Chaise, with four Wheels or more, or other Carriage with four Wheels or more, by whatever Name the same shall be called or known, which shall be kept and employed as a publick Stage Coach or Carriage for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places, and which shall be duly entered as such with the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, the like Sum of -

All which last mentioned Duties shall respectively be paid by the Person or Persons keeping the lame, for the Purposes aforesaid.

Cartinget hired our fora Time not exceeding 2b Days,

8

x. d, 8 o

Stage*.

8 8 0

1 7

For

K

Carriages hired cvt for kTs than a Year.

lExccpl where Paity is chargeable lor four-wheeled Carriage or lor two Servants.

C. 161. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

SCHEDULE (D.) No. 3* Carriages. — Continved\

For every Carriage kept for the Purpose of being let to Hire for any Period of Time less than one Year, and in such Manner that the said Stamp Office Duty shall not by Law be payable on such Letting by any Person so licensed as aforesaid, or by any Coachmaker or Makers of such £* x. d> Carriages, or other Person, if such Carriage shall have four Wheels, the annual Sum of — 10 o o

The said last mentioned Duty to be paid by the Person or Persons keeping the same for the Purposes aforesaid.

Provided, if a due Return thereof shall not be made by the Hirer or Hirers according to this Act, the progressive Duty, as set forth in Schedule (D.)> No. 1. shall be chargeable in respect of every such Carriage on the Person or Persons hiring the fame, and making such Default as aforesaid, subject to the srovisions contained in this Act concerning the lame.

And if such Carriage shall have less than four Wheels, the respective Sums mentioned in Schedule (D.), No. 2., according to the Number of Horses to be used therewith, to be paid by the Person or Persons keep* ing the same for the Purpose aforesaid, fjubjed to the Provisions herein after contained concerning the same.

And the said respective Duties, and no more, shall be charged on Carriages let to Hire as aforesaid, by any Assessment of the Duties on Carriages payable at the Time of passing this Adr which shall have been or shall be made at any Time after the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three, for the present Year, on the Person or Persons so letting the fame; and every Assessment made at any higher Rate on such Person or Persons shall, on Appeal by him, her, or them, be redified by the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Act or Acts granting such Duties; any Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

No. 4.

For Taxed Carts:

For every Carriage with less than four Wheels, to be drawn by one Horse, Mare, or Gelding, and no more, which shall be built and constructed wholly of Wood and Iron, without any Covering other than a tilted Covering, and without any Lining or Springs, whether the same be made of Iron, Wood, Leather, or other Materials, and with a fixed Seat, without Slings or Braces, and without any Ornament whatever, other than Paint of a dark Colour for the Preservation of the Wood or Iron only, and which shall have the Words " A Taxed Cart", and the Owner*

Christian and Surname, and Place of Abode, marked or painted on a Black Ground in White Letters, ororf a White Ground in Black Letters, on the Outside of the back Pannel or back Part of such Carriage, in Words at full Length, each of the Letters thereof being at lead one Inch in Length, and of a Breadth in Proportion, and the Price of which (Repairs excepted) shall not have exceeded, or the Value thereof shall not at any Time exceed the Sum of twelve Pounds Sterling, which shall be kept by any Person or Persons for his, her, or their own Use, and not for Hire, the annual Sum of - 14#

Save and except always all Carriages built and constructed as aforesaid, belonging to any Person or Persons who are or shall be liable to be assessed to the before-mentioned Duties in respect of a four-wheeled Carriage, or who are or shall be liable to be assessed to the before-mentioned Duties on Male Servants in respect of two such Male Servants, which Persons respectively shall be charged for such Carriages, although built and constructed as aforesaid, at the Rate prescribed in Schedule (D.), No. 2. for Carriages with less than four Wheels*

{And fee fyhcdule L.) Royal Family. Hackney Coaches.

X'o.ich makers* ^Carriages lor Sale.

Carts.

EXEMPTIONS from the several Duties in Schedules (D.), No. 1, 2, 3, and 4.

Caff I. — Any Carriages belonging to his Majesty, or any of the Royal Family*

Case II. — Any Coach or Coaches, licensed by the Commissioners for Hackney Coaches within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof, to be used as Hackney Coaches there, and numbered according to Law.

Case III. — Any Carriage kept by any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, at any Time after the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three, bond side for the Purpose of Sale, or of being lent to any Person whose Carriage, being of the same Denomination or Description, shall be then making, mending, or repairing, by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, and during the Time the same shall be necessarily under Repair; provided such Carriage shall not at any Time, whilst in the Possession of such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, be employed for his or her own uVe, or let to Hire, or otherwise lent than as aforesaid; and every Assessment made on such Person contrary to this Provision, for the present Year, shall, on Proof thereof before the Commissioners, be discharged.

Case IV. — Any Cart which shall be kept truly and without Fraud to be used wholly in the Affairs of Husbandry, or in the Carriage of Goods in the Course of Trade, and whereon the Name and Place of Residence of the Owner, and the Words " Common Stage Cart, " shall be legibly painted, although the Owner, or his or her Servant or Servants, shall or may occasionally ride therein or thereon when laden, or when returning from any Place to which, or when going to any Place from which any Load shall have been or shall be to be carried in such Carriage in the Course of Husbandry or Trade, or for conveying the Owners thereof or their Families to or from any Place of Divine Worship on Sunday, or on Chifimas Day, or on Good Friday, or on any Day appointed for a Publick Fail or Thanksgiving, or for carrying persons going to or returning from the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, in case such Carriage shall not have been or be used for any other Purpose of riding thereon or therein, save as aforesaid, or shall not have been or be let to Hire for any such Purposes of riding therein or thereon.

No. 5.

(JJ.; U4RJLIAGS8. — L'dntinvea.

No. 5.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Coachmakers and Makers of other Carriages,

with Duty by this Act, and on Carriages made or sold as herein mentioned.

By every Person who shall carry on the Trade of a Coach maker or Maker of any Carriages chargeable with Duty by this Act, in that Part of Great Britain aforesaid, the annual Duty of —

By every such Coachmaker or Maker of such Carriages as aforesaid, for every such Carriage with four Wheels, which he or she shall make, build, or construct for Sale, the Sum of -

And for every such Carriage with two Wheels, which he or (lie shall make, build, or construct for Sale, the Sum of -

No. 6.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Persons felling any Carriages chargeable with this Act, by Auction or on Commission.

By every Person who shall fell any Carriage chargeable with Duty by this Act, by way of A 11ftion or on Commission, for or in expectation of Profit or Reward, in that Part of Great Britain aforesaid, the annual Duty of - V) —

By every such Person for every such Carriage with four Wheels, which lie or (he shall M\ by Auction or on Commission, for or in expectation of Profit or Reward as aforesaid, the Sum of

And for every such Carriage with two Wheels, which he or (lie shall fell by Auction or on Commission, for or in expectation of Profit or Reward as aforesaid, the Sum of -

SCHEDULE (E).

No. 1.

A Schedule of the Duties payable for all Horses, Mares, and Geldings, kept and used by any Person or Persons for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Carriage chargeable with Duty by Schedule (D.) t t

Duty by 2, 4.43.

tfc, of this Act,]

O56 i o o o 10 o

j a.u

chargeable

[See I 1. 4. 4$, #c. of this Act.]

050

IOO

o 10 o

NUMBER thereof.

For 1 such Horse, Mare, or Gelding

2 —

3 —

4 "

5 —

6 —

7 —

8 —

9 -

10 —

11 —

12 —

13 "

14 —

5 —

16 —

*7 —

iR —

19 1 "

20 and upwards

Amount of Duty foreact* Horse, Mare, or Gelding.

£ > /. d.

2 0 0,

3 6 0

3 12 01

3 15 0

3 16 0

4 0 0

4 1 0

4 1 0

4 1. 6

4 / 0

4 2 0

4 2 0

4 2 6

4 2 6

4 2 6

4 2

4 3 0

4 3 6

4 4 0

4 5 0

RULES for charging the said Duties.

The said Duties to be payable annually for every Horse, Mare, or Gelding used on any Occasion for the Purpose of riding, or of drawing any Carriage for which any Duty is payable by this Act, or hired by the Year, or any longer Period, and to be paid by the Person or Persons using the fame, except as after mentioned.

EXEMPTIONS from the said Duties in Schedule (E.) No. 1.*

I. — Any Person or Persons who shall keep any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, which shall be used truly and without Fraud for the Purpose of Husbandry, or of drawing any Carriage (except such Carriages qs are 43 Geo. III.*7 L liable

(Andfrt Schc/hiie L.) Huflundiy Horiss, &c.

H«rfc for Taxed Car*

§ 4l»*

any Horse, MaJfc or Gelding which shall be bona Jide kept an^ usually employed for the Purposes oI Husbandry.

III. — Any Person occupying a Farm, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or any Person carrying 01 a Trade, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or making a Livelihood by such Occupation and Trad* jointly, or any Ecclesiastical Person, not possessed of an Annual Income of *.100 or upwards, whether arifioa from any Ecclesiastical Preferment or otherwise, for one Hor/e, .Mare, or Gelding, uied only for the Purpou of drawing any Carriage with less than four Wheels, UabU tar the Duty hereby made payable on Taxec

i v o No. 2.

A Schedule of the Datjics payable on Horsea let to hire

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, let to hire for the Purpose of riding, or of drawing any such

Carriage as aforesaid, for any Period of Time less than one Year, in any Manner io that the £, /. J. Stamp Office Duty, payable by Law on Horses let to hire, shall not be payable, the Sum of 200 To be charged annually on the Person or Persons letting the fame; provided, if a due Return thereof shall not be made by the Hirer or Hirers, according to this Act, the progressive Duty, as set forth in Schedule (E). No. 1. shall be chargeable in respect of every such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, on the Person or Persons hiring the fame, and making such Default as aforesaid, subject to the Provisions contained in this Act concerning the lame; and the said Duty, and no more, shall be charged on Horses let to hire as aforesaid, by any Assessment, of the Duties on Horses payable at the Time of pamn^ this Act, which shall have been or shall be made at any Time after the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three, for the present Year, on the Person or Persons so letting the fame; and every Assessment made at any higher Rate on such Person or Persons shall, on Appeal by him, her, or them, be rectified by the Commissioner^ acting in the Execution of the Act or Acts granting such Duties; any Tiling therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

No. 3.

' A Schedule of the Duties payable on Horses kept for the Purpose of Racing or Running for any Plate, Prize* or Sum of Money, or other Thing, or kept in Training for any of the said Purposes,

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, bond side kept for the Purpose of Racing or Running for

__ r»l.n o p.1 nSi 1 m _ r r.i r t

tiiaic on any uuiei

a Farm at Rack 1 Farm at the Rack pied by the Ownti valent to Double principally thereby, than two Horses, A and of such Trade o of such two Horses,

R

The said Duties to be Mares, Geldings, or Mu be chargeable nor have Schedule, marked (E.) centioned.

EX

Any Person whatever, of Hands, of Inches H'rpose of Labour, or oth

EXEMPTIONS to tl Case L — Any Horse, A Case II. — Any Poihnad pointed to manage the Dt Mare, or Gelding, let to 1 lit to Hire shall be duly fat IDT other Purpose.

Case Iir.-An- r

C.i6l. 1179

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (F.) Horsts. — Continued.

No. 2.

A Schedule of the Duties payable on Husbandry Horses, In the Cases herein after mentioned.

Any Person occupying a Farm at Rack Rent, the Rent of which shall be less than^.20 a Year, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or occupying any Estate on any other Tenure than as Tenant at Rack Rent solely, or such other Estate, together with a Farm at Rack Rent, the Value of which in the Whole shall be less than equivalent to a Farm at the Rack Rent of £.20 a Year (reckoning the Value of every Estate occupied by the Owner thereof, or on any Tenure other than as Tenant at Rack Rent, as equivalent to Double the Amount of the like Farm at Rack Rent) and making a Livelihood solely by such his own Estate, or by such Estate and Farm jointly or principally thereby, and likewise a Profit by any Trade or Employment, and keeping not more than two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, bona jde for the Purpose of such Occupation, shall be charged for each of such two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, £. /. d.

the Sum of - 02 6

Any Person occupying a Farm at Rack Rent in Wales or Scotland, the Rent of which shall be less than £»io Sterling a Year, and making a Livelihood principally thereby, or occupying any Estate on any other Tenure than as Tenant at Rack Rent, or such other Estate, together with a Farm at Rack Rent, the Value of which in the Whole shall be less than equivalent to a Farm at the Rack Rent of £.10 Sterling a Year, reckoning the Value of every Estate occupied by the Owner thereof, or on any Tenure other than as Tenant at Rack Rent, as equivalent to Double the Amount of the like Farm at Rack Rent, and making a Livelihood principally thereby, and likewise a Profit by any Trade or Employment, and keeping not more than two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, bona Jide for the Purposes of such Occupation, and of such Trade or Employment jointly, or either of them separately, shall be charged for each of such two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of — — 026

RULES for charging the Duties, as set forth in Schedule (F).

No. 1. and 2.

The said Duties to be charged Annually, and paid by the Person or Persons keeping or using such Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mule3, and to be payable for every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, and Mule, which shall hot be chargeable nor have been charged with any Dufy payable in that Year, according to the preceding Schedule, marked (E.) by virtue of the Rules or Exemptions therein contained, except as herein after is mentioned.

EXEMPTIONS from the Duties in Schedule (F.) No. 1. and 2.

Any Person whatever, for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, not being by due Admeasurement of the Height of 13 Hands, of Inches to each Hand, or which shall not at any Time* whatever have been used for any Purpose of Labour, or otherwise.

EXEMPTIONS to the several Duties, as set forth in the several Schedules marked (E.)*and (F.)

Case I. — Any Horsei Mar£* or Gelding, belonging to his Majesty, or any of the Royal Family.

Case II. — Any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, licenicd for that Purpose by the Commissioners appointed to manage the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in respect of any Horle, Mare, or Gelding, let to hire by him or her, in any Manner where the Stamp Office Duty payable on Horses let to Hire shall be duly satisfied and paid on each Letting, and which shall not, on any Occasion, be used for any other P, urpose.

Case III. — Any Person duly licensed to keep any Carriage whatever, to be employed £s a Publick Stage Coach or Carriage for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire from different Places in Great Britain, in respect of any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, which is or shall be actually and solely used and employed by such Person in drawing such Stage Coach or Carriage from Place to Place for Hire.

Case IV. — Any Person licensed by the Commissioners for Hackney Coaches within the Cities of London and Wejm\njery and the Suburbs thereof, to keep any Hackney Coach or Coaches, for any Horses, Mares, or Geldings, kept for the Purpose of drawing such Coach, in respect of the Duties in Schedule (E.) No. i.and for two Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more, kept for the Purpose of draw ing each Coach lo licensed in respect to the Duties in Schedule (F.) No. 1.

Case V. — Any Denier in Horses, nflefled to the Duties made payable by this Act on such Dealers, fortfny Horse, Mare, or Gelding belonging to such Dealer, and kept bond jide for Sale, and not kept or used for any other Purpose or in any other Manner.

Case VI. — Any Person who, on account of Poverty, shall be discharged from the Assessment made in respect of his or her Dwelling House, in pursuance of the Regulations of this Act, for any Horse, Marc, or Gelding, provided such Person shall not keep more than one such Horle, Mare, or Gelding, and the same shall not be let to Hire.

Case VII. Any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, actually doing Duty in the Church or Chapel of which he is Rector, Vicar, or Curate, who shall not be possessed of an Income of/\6oper Annum or upwards, whether arising from Ecclesiastical Preferment or otherwise; and who shall not keep more than one Horse, Mare, of Gelding, for the Purpose of Riding, which otherwise would be chargeable with Duty according to the Provir

7 L 2 fions

And fee Schedule L.

Royal Family. Poftraatters,

Stage Coach Matters,

Hackney

Coachmen.

Horse Dealers.

Poor Person*.

Curates.

Volunteers.

Soldiers.

\An ! fee Schedule L.)

Royal Family. Poor Persons.

Whelps.

PacksofHounds

(ompcumied

for.

SCHEDULE (F.) Horses. — Continued\ fions of this Act, except such Person who shall occasionally perform the Duty appertaining to any Redort Vicar, or Curate, without being the regular officiating Minister of the Parish or Place in which such Duty shall be performed.

Case VIII. — Every Person inrolled or to be inrolled, and serving in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers in Great Britain, which shall hereafter be continued or formed in Great Britain, with the Approbation of his Majesty, under Officers having Commissions from his Majesty or Lieutenants of Counties, or others who may be specially authorized by his Majesty for that Purpose, who shall have attended the Exercise of his Corp3 to which he shall belong, five Day3 of Muller and Exercise at the lead in the Course of the preceding Year, and who shall be returned in the Milder Rolls of the said Corps, as required by Law, and certified to have so attended, unless prevented by actual Sickness, such Sickness to be certiiied by some Medical Practitioner to the Commanding Officer of such Corps, and who shall be returned in the said Muller Roll of such Corps, as having used any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for such Service during such Days of Muder and Exercise as aforesaid, shall be exempted from the Payment of the Duties set forth in Schedules (E.), and (F.), in respect of such one Horse, Mare, or Gelding; such Exemption to be returned and claimed in the Manner in which Exemptions are directed to be returned and claimed by this Act: Provided always, That every Claim of such last mentioned Exemption shall be proved by the Certificate under the Hand of the Officer commanding the Corps id which such Person shall be inrolled, in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (M.), which CertiHcate shall, between the fifth Day of April and the fifth Day of May, in every Year be delivered to the Assessors of the Parish where he shall reside; and every Person claiming to be exempted from the said Duties, shall be charged and chargeable thereto, unless such Certificate as aforesaid shall have been delivered pursuant to the Provisions of this A Cl, which Certificates made up, returned, and certified according to the Form thereof in the Schedule marked (M.), annexed to this Act, shall be deemed to be sufficient and valid for the Purposes aforesaid; but if from any Variation of Circumstances, or other Reason, the said Form cannot be ftYidly adhered to, Instruments of a similar Import may nevertheless be received in Proof as aforesaid, at the Discretion of the respective Commissioner, acting in the Execution of this Act for the District.

Case IX. — Any Non-commissioned Officer or Private of any of the Regiments of Cavalry, or in the Artillery* for any Horse used in his Majesty's Service.

SCHEDULE (G.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties made payable on Dogs.

For every. Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier, and for every Dog of whatever Description or Denomination the same may be, where any Person shall keep two or more Dogs, either for his or her own Use, or the Use of any other Person or Persons, £. /. d. the annual Sum of - 0100

For every Dog not being a Greyhound, Hound, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier, kept by any Person having one such Dog and no more, whether the same be kept for his or her own Use, or the Use of any other Person or Persons, the annual Sum of — — O 6 o

The said Duties to be paid by the Person respectively keeping such Dogs.

EXEMPTIONS from the Duties in Schedule (G.)

Case I. — Any Dog belonging to his Majesty or any of the Royal Family.

Case II. Any Person who, on account of Poverty, shall be discharged from the Assessment made in respect of his or her Dwelling House in pursuance of the Regulations of this Act, and having one Dog, and no more, the same not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier.

Case III — Any Person in respect of a Dog or Whelp, which at the Time of returning the Lift of Dogs as by this Act is required, shall not actually be of the Age of six Calendar Months.

Case IV. Any Person in respect of the whole Number of Hounds by him or her kept in that Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, who shall compound for the fame, in any Year within thirty Days after the fifth Day of April in such Year, in pursuance of Notice given to the Collector or Collectors of the said Duty, for any Parifl* or Place, where such Person shall be liable to be assessed, of his or her Intention so to do, and on Payment of the full Sum of thirty Pounds Sterling to such Collector or Collectors, for which a Receipt shall be given within the Period before-mentioned.

SCHEDULE (H.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Horse Dealers.

Every Person who shall use or exercise the Trade and Business of a Horse Dealer within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties of the same respectively, the Parishes of

St. Mary de-bone and St. Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or £. /. d. the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry, the annual Duty of — — 2000

Every Person who shall use or exercise the Trade and Business of a Horse Dealer in any other Part

of England, or in Wales, or the Town of Berwick-ufon-Tweed, the annual Duty of — 10 o o

SCHEDULE (I.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Persons in respect of Hair Powder uftd or worn by them.

By every Person wlu> shall have used or worn any Hair Powder withia. the Period limited by this £. s. d. Ad, the anpual Sum of - iiq

RULES

C. i6i

1181

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (I.) Hair Powder. — Continued.

RULES for charging the said Duties

The said Rate or Duty to extend to every Sort or Composition of Powder used or worn by any Perfomas an Article of, or in, or about, his or her Dress, by whatever Name the same shall be distinguished, and to be a fie fled upon and paid by the Person having used or worn the same within the Year preceding the Term for which the Assessment ought to be made, except as herein after mentioned; which Rule shall also be con ft rued. to extend to every Assessment on such Person of the Duty payable by virtue of any Act or Acts in Force at the Time of passing this Act, which shall have been or shall be made at any Time after the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three, for the present Year, in respect cf such Person having used or worn Hair Powder in the Year ending on that Day; any Thing in such Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

The unmarried Daughters of any Person shall not be chargeable with the said Last-mentioned Duties by this Act made payable, or with the Duties payable at the Time of passing this Act, or be required to make any Return under this Act, or the Acts in Force at the Time of passing this Act, provided the Parent of such Daughters shall have more than two unmarried Daughters, and shall have given an Account in any List by him or her delivered under this Act, or the Acts now in Force, of the whole Number of such Daughters, and shall have required to be assessed and charged for the whole Number by one Assessment, in which Case every such Parent shall be assessed and charged in tefpeft of the whole Number of such Daughters in twice the Sum so payable on any Angle Person for his or her having worn Hair Powder, which shall exempt the whole Number of Daughters from the said Duties, and each of them; and that neither the Person giving such Accounts, or any of the Persons returned in such Account, in respect of whom such Charge shall be made, shall in such Case be liable to any of the Penalties imposed by this Act, or the Acts now in Force, by reason of the Duty not being paid for the whole Number of such Daughters.

The Master or Mistress of any Servant who shall have declared his or her Intention to pay the Duty which may be charged or chargeable as aforesaid in respect of such Servant, and shall in any List or Lists returned by him or her have given a true Account of all the Servants by him or her kept, in respect of whom such Duty shall be payable, setting forth the several Capacities in which such Servants are respectivety kept, shall be charged for such Servant or Servants; and in every such Case, every such Servant shall be deemed and construed to be exempted from the said Duties during his, her, or their Continuance in the same Service; and also every Servant who mall corqe into the Service of such Master or Mistress in the Room of such Servant named therein, to serve in the same Capacity during the Year in which the Duty shall be so charged; and no Servant named in such List or Lists, or any Servant serving such Master or Mistress in any Capacity mentioned in such List or Lists, shall, during the Year for which such Duty shall be charged, be required for himself or herself to make any such Return, or to pay the said Duties, or either of them, nor be liable to any Penalty by reason of'not making any such Return, or not paying the said Duty.

EXEMPTIONS from the said Duties.

Any of the Royal Family, and any of the menial Servants of his Majesty or any of the Royal Family.

Any Officer in actual Employ in his Majesty's Navy, under the Rank of Commander; or any Officer holding a Commission in his Majesty's Navy under the said Rank, who shall be employed on the Establishment of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; or any Subaltern or Non*commissioned Officer or Private Man belonging to any Regiment in the Army, Artillery, Militia, Division of Marine*, or Corps of Engineers; or any Person inrolled and actually serving in any Volunteer Corps or Body of Men associated for the Defence of any City, Town, or Place, and for maintaining publick Tranquillity and good Order within the same, whether of Infantry or Cavalry, which now are or hereafter shall be raised; provided that every such Person inrolled and serving as aforesaid, so claiming to be exempted, shall make such Return as by this Act is directed, with respect to the Claim of Exemptions; provided that every such Claim shall be proved by the Certificate of the Commanding Officer of the Corps in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (M.) and according to the Regulations of this Act in other Cases of Exemptions by such Volunteers.

Any Clergyman who shall not be possessed of an annual Income of iool. or upwards, whether arising from Ecclesiastical Preferment or otherwise; or any Preacher or Preachers of any Congregation of Diflcnters, or any Person dissenting from the Church of England in Holy Orders or pretended Holy Orders, who now is or at any Time hereafter shall be entitled to the Benefit of the Statute made in the first Year of the Reign of the late King William and Oueen Mary, intituled, An Act for exempting their Majesties9 Protestant Subjects difen ting from the Church of England from the Penalties of certain Laws; or of the Statute made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Relief of Protestant Dissenting fTmiflers and Schoolmasters; or of the Statute made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to relieve, upon Conditions and under Restrictions, the Persons therein described, from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons profejf.ng the Poptjh Religion, are by Law subject and who shall not be possessed of any annual Income of iool. or upwards however arising; and the Income arising from any Benefice or Benefices shall be estimated on the average Amount thereof, computed on the Period of seven Years next preceding that on which such Exemption shall be claimed.

1

A SCHEDULE

t

How charge^!*.

Unmairied

Daughter

Servants.

Royal Family.

Naval and Military Olficei*.

Volunteers.

Clergymen, Sec.

t W. & M.

(Sess. 1.) c. 18.

19 G. 3. c. 44. 31b. 3. c. 31.

II82

C. rSx.

A.D. 1803.

How chargeable.

Royal Family. Publick O dicers.

Jrlfh Members of Parliament and Publick OiBcc-rs,

43° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (K).

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Persons in respect of any Armorial Bearing or Ensign, used or worn by them, by whatever Name the same shall be called, videlicet

£. d.

By every such Person chargeable with any Duty made payable by this Act, for any Coach or

other Carriage, the annual Sum of - 220

By every such rerson oot chargeable for any such Coach or other Carriage, but who shall be chargeable to any of the Duties on inhabited Houses, or to the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, made payable by this Act, the annual Sum of - 110

By every such Person not chargeable for any such Coach or other Carriage, not being chargeable to the said Duties on Inhabited Houses, or to the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, the annual Sum of - o 10 6

The said Duties to be paid by every Person having used or caused to be used any Armorial Bearing or Ensign, by whatever Name the same is or shall be called, within the Year preceding the Term for which the Assessment ought to be made, and to extend to every Person who within the said Period shall have been possessed of, or shall have kept or had any Coach or other Carriage chargeable with the Duty^by this Act, or any Seal, Plate, or other Article, on which Carriage, Seal, Plate, or other Article, any Armonal Bearing or Ensign is or shall have been, during the said Period, painted, engraved, marked, or affixed, and whether such Armorial Bearing or Ensign shall be registered in the College of Arms or not; and which Rule shall also be construed to extend to every Assessment on such Person of the Duty payable by virtue of any Act or Acts in Force at the Time of passing this Act, which shall have been or shall be made at any Time after the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three, in respect of such Person having used or worn any Armorial Bearing or Ensign in the Year ending on that Day; any Thing in such Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

EXEMPTIONS from the said Duties as set forth in Schedule (K.)

Any of the Royal Family, or any Person who shall, by Right of Office, or by Appointment, have worn or used any of the Arms or Insignia worn or used by the Royal Family, or used iu any City, Borough, or Town Corporate, in that Part of Great Britain before described.

SCHEDULE (L.)

FURTHER EXEMPTIONS from the several Duties in the feteral Schedules marked (C), (D),

(E), and (G).

All Persons having ordinarily resided in Ireland before the Commencement of this Session of Parliament, and being Members of either House of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, whether on the Part of Ireland or for any Place in Great Britain, and all Persons who shall hereafter be Members of the said Parliament as aforesaid, and who shall have ordinarily resided in Ireland previous to the Commencement of the Session of Parliament in which they shall respectively serve in Parliament, and all Persons having ordinarily resided iu Ireland as aforesaid, or who shall hereafter be ordinarily resident therein, and now holding or who shall hereafter hold Offices or Publick Employments in Ireland', and are now residing in Great Britain, or who shall hereafter reside in Great Britain, with the Approbation, or by the Order or Direction of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or of his or their Chief Secretary for the Time being, and which shall be certified under the Hand of the Lord Lieutenant, Chief Governor or Chief Governors, or his or their Chief Secretary to be therein resident for the Purposes of assisting in the Execution of Publick Business, shall be wholly discharged and exempted from the Duties set forth in the Schedules of this Act annexed, marked (C), (D), (E), and (G), provided that this Exemption shall not extend to any Person ordinarily resident in Ireland as aforesaid, being a Member of either House of Parliament of the United Kingdom, who hath resided or shall reside in Great Britain longer than during the Session of Parliament, and forty Days before and forty Days after each Session, nor to any Article on which a Duty is by this Act made payable, which shall be retained, kept, employed or used by such Person in Great Britain, during the Residence of such Person in Ireland: Provided also, that this Exemption shall not extend to any Person ordinarily resident, in Ireland as aforesaid, holding an Office or Publick Employment in Ireland, unless the Approbation in Writing, with respect to the Persons now in Great Britain or such Order or Direction of the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or of his or their Chief Secretary for the Time being, with respect to Persons who shall hereafter reside, and a Description of the Place of Abode in Great Britain of the Persons respectively holding such Offices or Employments, be delivered into the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes in Somerset Place, within twenty Days after the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four, with respect to Persons then in Great Britain, or within thirty Days after the Arrival in Great Britain of such Persons respectively, who shall hereafter arrive: Provided also, that no Person shall for the Purposes of claiming this Exemption, be deemed to be ordinarily resident in Ireland, unless he shall reside therein during such Portion of the Year as is not covered by the Privilege herein provided: And for the better ascertaining the Fast of such Residence, every Person claiming the Benefit of this Exemption, shall verify the same upon Oath (if required) before the Commissionera acting in the Execution of this Act, in the District where such Person shall reside.

6

SCHEDULE

43° GEORGII III.

C. 161, 162.

SCHEDULE (M.)

FORM of Certificate to be delivered by Members of Volunteer Corps*

I, Commanding Officer of the do hereby certify, in pursuance of an Act passed in the forty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act (here insert the Title of the A3)9* that the several Persons herein named and described are severally enrolled and serving in the said Corps, and have duly attended at the Muster and Exercise of the said Corps for five Days at the lead, in the Course of the Year next preceding the Date hereof, which Muster Rolls have been duly returned, testifying the fame, pursuant to the said Act.

(Signed)

Commanding Officer*

Dated the Day of

1183

CAP. CLXII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the respective Consolidated Funds of Great Britain and Ireland; for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and three; and for further appropriating the Supplies

granted in this Session of Parliament.

I*

4, 000, poo

2, 5PQ, QOO

IT* 612 Til. 37, 169 14

IV. 600, 000 o

V.

x.

o

o

16

Out of British Consolidated Fund.

d.

o

3 Surplus in Exchequer for Judges' Salaries 8 Surplus, for Bounties on Hemp, Iffc. in Great Britain^ o (Irish Currency) out of Irish Consolidated Fund The following Sums, viz.

Produce of Malt Act,

2.000. 000l. — Pensions, iffc.

4.000. 000l. — Exchequer Bills -

Produce of 12, 000, 000l. Loan (deducting 2, 000, 000l.

for Ireland), -

Produce of Lottery (deducting 117, 444l. 8l. lid. for Ireland' -

Additional Customs, -

Excise,

[12th August 1803.]

Granted to make good Supply for Service of Great Britain, for 1803.

Ditto for Ireland.

43 G 3- c*

c.

- e.

VI.

Contribution on Profits of Property,

5, 000, 000l. — Exchequer Bills -

612/* i6j* 3(L (See ante, §2.)

37, 169l. 14; . 8J. (Ante, $3.)

1, 500, 000l. — Exchequer Bills -

2v©oo, oooo/. — For Exigencies. (See post\ §8.) -

6, 500, 000l. — Out of British Consolidated Fund. (See ante, §1.) The following Sums, viz.

Produce to Irish Exchequer under Loan Act* - 43 G. 3. c,

- Lottery - c.

3-

4-36.

c. 67.

c. 91. c. 70. r. 81.

C. 122.

93-

147-

146.

Appropriated to the Uses after expressed. (See §7 — 19.)

I7/] Appropriated to Uses* > after expressed.

67'i

after expressed. c-ll+i (See §19, £sV.

1, 235, 000 a r, 95 0, 000 a

162.500 o, 228, 238 13

901, 140 a 590, 000 2 2, poo 5, 000

203.500

209.000

330.000

27 >5°°

518.000

o

Q

0

1

o

o

o.

o

a

o

o

o

o

7i

18 For YjLunar Months.

1, 000, 000l. (Irish Currency) Treasury Bills 600, 00c/. (Injb Currency). ( See ante, §4^)

VII. Application, viz.

" £.10, 211, 378l. 13l. id. for the Naval Services following

£.1, 202, 500 a a Wages of 50, 00c Men, in- I

eluding 12, 000 Marines J At, per Man,

Their Victualling .at*per Month,

Wear and: Tea? of Ships, at Ordnance, at - - J

Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-Pay - T

Building, rebuilding, and repairing of Ships, &V. Extra

Hire-of Transports - Fot' the Year 1803

Prisoners of War in Health Ditto Sick -

Wages of 10, 000 Men additional, (including 2, 400 Marines.) -

a o Victualling -

o o Wear and Tear of Ships -

o o Ordnance - j c

o o Wages for 40, 000 further additional (including 1

8000 Marines) - £ For 7 Lunar Months,

Victualling - I^V commencing 12th Jvnt

Wetr and Tear - - I j< 1803,

Ordnance - - -I J

bO

c

For i-t Lunar Months, commencing 26th Feb. 1803.

532.000

840.000 70, 000

a

o

o

Xiv.

1184

c. 16

2.

VIII.

IX.

£ /. d.

100, 000 O O

65, 000 O O

20, 000 O O

1, 500, 000 O O

500, 000 O O

43° GEORGII III.

Naval Services. — Continued*

Hire of Transports Prisoners of War in Health Ditto Sick

For the Service of Great Britain ----- Ireland

A.D. 1803.

/ Further for the Year j 1803.

7 Out of all or any of the J AidsorSupplies aforesaitl.

To enable his Majesty to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require."

637, 947 12 7 Office of Ordnance for Land Service for Great Britain 1

282, 065 10 11 Ditto further Charge Ditto J* For the Year 1803.

150, 000 o o Office of Ordnance in Ireland - J

35, 908 4 o Outstanding Claims on the late Board of Ordnance in Ireland\

From 25 Dec. 1802, to

Dec. 24, 1803, (both inclusive.)

20.000 o o Office of Ordnance in Ireland, further Charge - For 1803.

11, 786, 619 1 is 3d. for Land Sendees, viz.

2, 322, 700 o 3 For 66, 574 effedive Men in Great Britain and Ireland

1, 129, 976 19 4 For Forces in the Plantations, iffc. including Gibraltar,

the Mediterranean, Ceylon> and New South Wales, -28, 632 17 8 East India Recruiting Parties (fiVe Troops of Dragoons

and 17 Companies of Foot) in Great Britain),

73>34I 7 0 On Account ot Recruiting and Contingencies for f.g

Land Forces - - - I .<

58, 468 o 10 For General, Staff, and Hospital Officers - Jj

127, 512 199Principal Officers of several Public Departments,

their Deputies, Clerks, and contingent Ex- I £^pences and Exchequer Fees by Pay matter- I^g General, -

200, 645 1 3 Increased Rates to Innkeepers (fee 43 G. 3. c. 41.),

Small Beer, and Allowances on March in Ireland\

358, 152 10 11 On Account of reduced Officers of Land Forces and I Marines -

52.000 o o Half-Pay and Allowances to reduced Officers of British S For the Year 1803.

American Forces - - I

On Account of Officers late in Service of States-General J Widows' Pensions 1

Volunteers Corps > in Great Britain and Ireland.

Barrack Departments j Foreign Corps in his Majesty's Service Medicines, Bedding, and Hospital Contingencies for Torces in Ireland\ and Military Infirmary in Dublin From Dec. 25, I So*, For extraordinary Expences of the Army incurred and paid

29, 337 0 4 Pull Pay to Supernumerary Officers

266, 004 14 1 Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals, In and Out Pensioners,

and Expences of the Hospitals - - - j

218, 270 11 1 For one Regiment of Light Dragoons and one West India

Regiment retamed on the Establishment, and Aug- ] por several Period, j,

1, 000

26, 883

99, 169

5*3.44°

159.672

I 8, 46 I

0 16

4

7

1

10

o

o

8

10

11 10

1, 032, 151 4 8

From Dec. 25. to

Dec. 24, 1803, (both indufivt).

31, 000 o o

35.7517 IO

»747»57° 0 8

38.345 12 7

143.891 5 0

145, 000 0 0

416, 000 0 0

300, 000 0 0

58, 333 0 0

54, 907 7 9

1400, 000 0 0

6co, oooo 0 0

2, 781, 532S 2i

mentation to Dragoon Guards, and Dragoons in the United Kingdom, and to the three Regiments of Foot Guards -

Additional General and General Staff Officers in the r? , United Kingdom - - For 1803

For appointing effective Captains to Troops and Companies lately held by Colonels, &c. throughout the Army, -

For embodied Militia of United Kingdom, and of the Royal Corps of Miners of Devon and Cornwall>

Contingencies for said Militia,

Clothing embodied Militia of Great Britain, and Miners,

Increased Rates to Innkeepers, and Small Beer for Militia of Great Britain, -

Supplementary Militia of Great Britain, raised by Proclamation of Volunteer Corps, Cavalry and Infantry Further Charge of Barrack Department in Great Britain,

Ditto Ditto Ireland,

Towards Extraordinaries of Army in Great Britain,

Ditto Ditto Ireland

To discharge outdaading Exchequer Bills under 41 G. 3.

(U.K.) c. 4."

3

1803.

From 25 May to 24 December 1803.

For several Periodsending 24 Dec. 1803.

For the Year 1803.

26 May 1803.

For the Year 1803.

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 162.

XII. " i»500, 000l. for Exchequer Bills under 42 G. 3. e. in."

XIII. " 5, 000, 000l. for Exchequer Bills under ----- c. no."

XIV. " 356, 538l. 9l. 3^/. Sterling, being 386, 250l. Zr//&, for/rj/£ Treasury Bill*, due 25th March 1803." XVI.} " 12*3^4l.' } To make gooci Money issued pursuant to Adresse* of the House of Commons."

XVII. " For Civil Establishments, viz.

8, 900

7, 66y 4, 650 2, 2J + 1, 840

*>515

4, 100

580

600

9^24

</.

O Newfoundland, o Bahama Island*, o Bermuda*8 Ifies. o Dominica.

6 Afrw Wales*

xvin*

"5*4.573 7

25, 000 o o

October 10, 1802.

40, 847 9

191, 584 17

?x9

3 00

1, 086

324

1, 659

2, 701

360

169

500

146

814

7>x34

3, 000

i, o6q

0

1

8

*7

o

8

68, 923

1, 910

500

22, 564

22, 538

371 3, 600 12, 626 8, 110 31, 000 1, 760 4, 500 1, 281

8

10

o

x3

x7

o

x4

2

o

x9

x3

4

14, 369 4

8, 77*

21, 434

150.000

340.000 2, 661 7, 620

7

o

o

o

x7

o

o

6

o

o

6

o

o

o

2

6

o

o

6

4

o

6

c

o

6

1

5>I0° 43 Geo. III.

d.

o Upper Canada.

O Nova Scotia.

O AW- Brunswich.

[ 1 J Prince Edward's Island.

O Cape Breton.

From January I, to December 31, 1803.

£16, 000 Forts and Settlements on Ceait of Africa."

j. d.

To make good to Consolidated Fund.----- Bounties on*]

Grain imported into Great Britain to J

Bills drawn and to be drawn from New South Wales, and! rr», xr o become due in the Course of.- - J The Year 1803'

Expence of Convicts at Home, - - 1

French Clergy, &c. Toulonefe and Corsican Emigrants, > For the Year 1803. Saint Domingo Sufferers, and American Loyaiifta - J

"Expences of Inquiries respedring the State of the Collieries.

Secretary to Commissioners for ascertaining the Bounds of the New Fore/f. G. Baldwin Esq. for Services in Egypt.

Freight of a Vessel hired by Governor of New South Wales.

Indexes to Journals of House of Lords.

Chairman of Committees of House of Peers.

Expences at Parliament-Office.

Mr. WHfon attending Committee on Improvement of Port of London, l$c.

and preparing Model of a Bridge.

Population Abstracts.

Abstracts of the Cultivation of England and Wales.

Surveying the Straits of ATcnai, Conway River, and Holyhead Harbour. Additional Allowance to Clerks in Office for"} To 10th October 1802.

auditing publick Accounts - -J (See post.)

Fees on passing Accounts through Treasury and Exchequer.

Incidental Expences attending Commissioners on American Conventioa, dated 8th February 1802. of Interest on Exchequer Bills under several A&sof 39 & 40, 41, and 42 G. 3. "Expences of Commissioners for Reduction of National Debt.

Exchequer Officers for extra Trouble as to Exchequer Bills.

To Bank of England for Discount on prompt Payment of Loan for 1802, and Subscription of 50l. per Cent, on Exchequer Bills funded.

57 To ditto for receiving Contributions on said Loans and, Subscriptions oa Said Exchequer Bills.

Expences of References on American Claims.

Incidental Expences of Lotteries for Service of 1802.

George Martin Jun. of Lincoln's Inn, for Losses as an American Loyalist.

Charge of Royal Military College,

Estimate of Royal Military Asylum,

Ilf Repairs of Fleet Prison.

2f Printing Vol. 56. of Commons Journal* and Indexes thereto, of Fitting up House for depositing Commons Joumab and Papers, and for Residence of Clerk of the Journals, o Completing Purchases of Buildings for Improvement of House of Parliament under 41 G. 3. (G.B.) c. 13.

8f Works at Auditors Office, &c. at Somerset Place.

o Works at two Houses of Parliament and Speaker's? rpQ«g

House, - J 3 ay 3'

o Secret Services - - For the Year 1803.

o Expences under Commissioners on Article 6 & 7 of Amaican Treaty.

8 Prosecutions, CsV. relating to Coin in*1802.

o Superintendance of Alitns under 42 G. 3. c. 92.

Additional Allowance to Clerks in Auditors Office, ^or

7 M

0

o '

Si u

3 o

E; f

-oc3

1

vs

B

Is

r

g c

© s

j- For 1803.

18 3

to 5th April 1803.

1185

Inverness and tort William. ( See 43 Cr. 3. c. 102.)

Towards Expence of Roads and Bridges in Highlands. (Sir* 43 G. 3. c. 149.) For Benefit of the illustrious House of Orange. (Hnd fee 43 G. 3. c. 149.)

!J£ 3^g C Euquiry into Mendicity of the Metropolis, g S U^) Loss by temporary Buildings at the Marshalsea.

Q 13 £)Articles for Convicts at Portsmouth and New South Wales.

H uxJ: ^L drawn for Wheat for Settlement at Norfolk Island.

Printing Journals, and a'so Votes, Bills, Reports, and Papers, by Order of the House of Commons, in Session 43 G. 3.

Arrear at seven Police Offices for Year ending 5th January 1802.

Designs for Alterations proposed in House of Lords, life. 1794 and 5. Repaying Deposit on 40 forfeited Tickets in Lottery for 1801.

Fees on Reward to Dr. Jenner for Vaccine Inoculation. (See 42 G. 3. c. 120.} 18.) Board of Agriculture - For 1803.

British Museum.

Veterinary College ... For 1803.

Du Bois Esq. for Losses as an American Loyalifl.

Military Roads m North Britain For 1803."

XIX. " For Services, EsV. in Ireland\ viz. as in 42 G. 3. c. 120. §19. with the Addition of 138l. 9l. 3d. Sterling, being 150l. Irish Currency, to the Assistant Examinator of Excise for-extra Trouble in preparing Accounts for Parliament."

XX. " For other Services, &c. in Ireland, viz.

20, 000 0 0

60, 000 0 0

639 17 6

5345 0

82291

47i 5 0

15, 000 0 0

960 8 6.

1, 000 0 0

204 0 0

725 10 6

3, 000 0 0

3, 000 0 0

1, 500 0 0

5y 320 0 0

5, 000 0 0

£. , d.

Sterling 23, 076 18 6

830

0.4*5

18, 840

1, 846

2, 307

>11 .Ai

*5 5 19 11

£'Irish. 25, 000 o 900 o 7, 026 9

o

o

loi

00 — 20, 410 o o

I

IOi

2, 000

2, 500

Civil Buildings, - For one Year, to 5th January804.

Printing, &c. 250 Copies of the Acts 43 G. t Publishing Proclamations, &c. in Dublir Gazette, &c.

Expences of Chief and Under Secretary Offices, &V.

Treasury Incidents,

Apprehending public Offenders,

For the Year,

I*

5th January

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. 16 a. 1187

Sterling.

£. x.

Irish.

4, 153 16 11 — 4.500 0 0

9, 230 15 5 — 9, 700 (Net.)

5, 076 18 6 l* 5, 500 0 0

4, 153 i 6 11 — 4, 500 0 0

1, 846 3 1 — 2, 000 0 0

HI. " For other £. x. Sterling. Services in Ireland, vi jr. x. d.

19, ^42 11 11 — 21, 062 16 2

369 4 7i 400 0 0

2, 03015 4$ — 2, 200 0 0

16, 153 16 11 — l7>5°° 0 0

1, 886 10 61 — 2, 043 H 9

4-15316 11 — 4* 5 00 0 0

5»9°3 1 6\ — 6, 395 0 0

475 16 — 5*593i

17>3 21 l5 6 — 18, 765 5 1

7, 384 12 4 — 8, oco 0 0

923 1 6 — 1, 000 0 0

903 6 5* — 978 12 0

2, 492 6 2 — 2, 700 0 0

Dublin Wide Streets,

Dublin Paving Corporation,

Dublin Husbandry Society (to be applied under Directions of Stat. 41 G, 3. ([/ K) r. 73.) -

Repository in Hawkins Street (as under said Act 41 G. 3. c. 73.)

Fanning Society of Ireland\

promoting English Protestant*'| Commissioners of Charitable

Society for Schools,

Secretary to Donations,

Dublin Penitentiary,

Dublin Foundling Hospital, Hibernian Marine Society,

School for Soldiers* Children, Lock Hospital,

House of Industry Roman Catholic Seminary at Maynooth,

Society for discountenancing Vice,

Female Orphan House,

Dublin Lying-in Hospital,

XXIII. " 171, 431l. ii/. 1 Id. To make good Deficiency of Grants for the Service of the

XXIV. l " Directing Application of Supplies and Rules for receiving Half-Pay, and

XXV. > Overplus of Sum appropriated to reduced Officers, under 42 G. 3. r. 120.

XXVI. J former jids.)"

For one Year, to

5 th January 1804."

For one Year,

to

5 th January 1804."

Year 1802." Application of $ 11. — {/Is in

n88

Thrjt Worth do not always make Part of the printed Ciau/*

*SG. 3. c. 104.

38 G. 3. c. 11.

1 G. 3. c. 14. 12 G. 3. c. 101.

f6 G. 2*4 c. 7* 21 G. 2. c. 39. 24 G. 3.ft. i. c. 29.

C.i« — v. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

N, B* — The Continuance of fuels of the ensuing jiffs as are Temporary will be known by referring to the following Lijl according to the corresponding Letter in the Tttle of any jiff*

(a) For 21 Years, tffc, [\, e. to the End of the next Sfjion] from a Day named in the jiff

(h) For 21 Years, iff c. from the passing of the jiff,

(c) For 21 Years, Iff c, after the End of the Term under former jiffs.

In consequence of Resolutions of the two Houses of Parliament in the Sef/ton 43 G. 3. (See Votes of House of Commons on 18. 22. iff 24 March 1803, ) the following Clause was added to certain Local and Personal jiffs,

" And be it enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King's most Excellent Majesty* M and [when so printed may be given in Evidence in all Courts of Justice and before all Judges and Justicei " whomsoever who shall take judicial Notice thereof, in like Manner as if the same had been declared a " Publick Act."

Such of the ensuing jiffs as have this Clause are marked (q. P.) at the End of the Title; being confdered as Quad Publick Acts. — The other jiffs have a PubTtch Clause annexed as usual heretofore.

Cap. I.

AN Act for continuing (b) the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping m Repair, the Road from Spann Smithy in the County of Cheiler to Talk in the County of Stafford.

[Former Tolls repealed, and new granted.] [17th December 1802.]

Cap. ii.

An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining (a) the Road leading from Thirsk to Term, in the County of York. [ 17th December 1802.]

Cap. iii.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for more ejfcffually repairing, widening, altering, and improving the Road from the Town of Manchester, by a Place called The White Smithy, in the Township of Crumpfall, to the Town of Rochdale; and also the Road from tlx fend Place called The White Smithy, by a Place called Beffes of the Barn, to the Town of Bury; and afo the Road from thefeud Place called Beffes of the Barn, to Radcliffe Bridge; and also the Lane called Sheepfoot Lane, in the Township of Preilwich, ell in the County Palatine of Lancaster; so far as the same relates to a certain District of Road therein described, called The Manchester Dislriff, [29th December 1802.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new granted.]

Cap. iv.

An Act to continue (a) and amend two Acts, severally passed in the first and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing Several Roads leading to and through the Towns of Weymouth and Melcombe Regisy and Dorchester, and also the Road leading from the Parish of Warmwell to the Church in the Parish of Ofmingtony all in the County of Dorset.

[24 th March 1803.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new granted.]

Cap. s*.

An Act to continue (a) and enlarge the Terms and Power of three Acts, made in the sixteenth and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road from Bbrough-bridge, in the County of York, to Catherickf in the same County, and from thence to Piers-bridge, on the River Tees* [24th March 1803.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new granted.]

2 Cap.

A.D. 1803.

C.vi. — xv

43° GEORGII III.

Cap. vi.

An Act for enlarging (a) the Term and Powers of two Acts, made in the first and twenty-second Years of the*G. 3. Reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the Town of Stone, in the 3 County of Stafford, to a certain Gate in the Borough of Stafford called Gaol Gate, and from a certain Gate on the South Side of the said Borough called Green Gate through the Towns of Dunston and Penkridge, to a Road called Street way, in the Road to Wolverhampton, in the said County of Stafford.

[24th March 1803.]

' Cap. vii.

An Act to continue (a) and enlarge the Term and Powers of two Acts made in the (irft and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road 22*3 upon Gatherly Moor, in the County of York to Staindrop, in the County of Durham, and from the said Turnpike Road near Smallways, across the Rivtr Tees, to W'mston, in the said County of Durham.

[24th March 1803.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new granted.]

Cap. viii.

An Act for empowering the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal, to raise a further Sum of [33 G. Money to enable them to complete the Works authorized to be executed in pursuance of the several Acts 34 — c a passed in the thirty-third, thirty-fourth, thirty-fifth, thirty-sixth, thirty-eighth, and forty-first Years of the 35 — Reign of his present Majesty; and for amending, altering, and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the I

said Acts.

[24th March 1803.] 41 {tj.'h

Sum to be raised 400, 0001. for making a Tunnel in addition to the Rail Road at Blisworth, already com- c* Uxi-i 44 pleted; and conllrufting an Aqueduct over the River Ouse at Wolverton, CsV. $ 1. New Shares maybe created of iool. each, and one-Half one-Fourth and one-Eighth Shares, §2. Additional Rates of Ton- nage, §3. Th^ collateral Cut to Northampton required by original Act, shall be completed by 25th March " 1805, §6, 7."

Cap. ix.

An Act for rebuilding the Tower of the Parish Church of Saint Peter, in the Borough and Liberty of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford, together with the Chancel thereof; and for more tfFechially repairing the said Parish Church.

[24th March 1803.]

[Trufecs impowered to raise 400©/. on Annuities, &c. and to make Rates for raising Payment thereof]

Cap. x.

An Act for paving, repairing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving Kenfngton Square, and Toung Street, and James Street communicating therewith, in the Parish of Saint Mary Abbotts, Kenfngton, in the County of Middlesex \ and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments therein.

[24th March 1803.]

Cap. xi.

An Act for amending, altering, and enlarging*the Powers of an Act passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for forming and keeping in Repair, the Streets, and ether put lick Passaget and Places, within a certain Drfritt in the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, called Hans Town, and for otherwise improving the same.

[24th March 1803.]

Cap. xii.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of several Acts made in the thirty-lrril Year of the Reign of his Jate Majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better supplying of the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds in the County of York with Coals- [24th March j 803.3

Cap. xiii.

An Act for repairing, altering, widening, and improving (a) the Road leading from the Mciidfone Turnpike Gate, situate on the Loofi Road near Sutton Lane, in the Parish of Ma'ulfone, to The King's Head Inn in Sutton Valence, in the County of Kent.

[24th March 1803.2

Cap. xiv.

An Act for continuing (a) and amending an Act, passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the End of the Exeter Turnpike Ro id, on the v eil Side of .Lord Clifford*s Park Gate to Biddaford, and also several Roads leading from Bridgetown, in the County of Devon; and for varying the Line of certain Parts of the said Roads, and also for extending the Provisions of the said Act to the Road leading from the Termination of one of the said Roads, at or nt«>r the Bottom of Water Dane, in the Parish of Totnes, to a Place called Lufcombe Cross, in the Parish of Harberton, in the said County of Devon. [Former Tolls repealed, and new granted.] [[24th March 1803.]

30 Gi 3* \

3/G.ic 19 G.3.< 33 G. 3.1

20 G. 3. c

Cap. xv.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors for embanking Part of The Lairy near Plymouth, to make and j maintain a Road from a certain Place called Efford Quay, in the Parish of Egg Buckland, lathe County of Inc£rPoral Devon, to the Borough of Plymouth. fz^th March 1803.]*C

TI90

C. xvi. — xxiv

A.D. 1803.

7 G. 3. c. 88-31 G. 3. c. 124. 35G. 3-c. 134.

31 G. 3- c. 94.

[Irish Acts

29 G. 3. c. 33.

30 G. 3. c. 20.] Penalty lor destroying En-

g n«, See. felony within Clergy.

[Former Act 21 G. c. 104. repealed ]

[31 G. 1. c. 63. 10 G. 3. c. 61. jiG. j. c. 131.]

43 GEORGII III.

Cap. xvi.

An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of three Acts, made in the seventh, thirty-first, and thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counter's Bridge which lies in the Parish of Kensington, in the County of M'tddlcsex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounjhw, to the Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge in the Road to Colnbrook, and several other Roads in the said County, so far as relates to the old District of Road described in the first of the said Acts. [Former Tolls repealed, and new granted*] [24th March 1803.]

Cap. xvii.

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making a new Road from Saint George's Gate in the City of Canterbury, to a Place called Gut-teridge Bottom, and for repairing and widening the present Road front thence to the Dover Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Barham, in the County of Kent; and for making further and better Provision (0) for the several Purposes of the said Act.

[24th March 1803.]

Cap. xviii.

An Act for amending, widening, repairing, and improving (e) the Road from or near to the Village of Glossop, in the County of Derby, to or near to Marple Bridge, in the said County $ and for making several Branches of Roads to and from the same.

[24th March 1803.]

Cap. xix.

An Act for repairing and maintaining (<a) the Road branching out of the Turnpike Road from Edinburgh to Greenlaw, and passing through or near Thorny dike, Westruther, Hardlaw, Bedjhicll or the Kaim, and Choice leet to where it joins the Turnpike Road from Greenlaw to Dunfe, all in the County of Berwick.

[25th March 1803.]

Cap. xx.

An Act to provide a new Burial Ground, and credl a Chapel thereon, for the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex.

[7th April 1803.]

Cap. xxi.

An Act for abolishing certain Dues called Petty Customs, Anchorage, and Groundage, and for improving the Port of the Town of Southampton 5 for making a convenient Dock for the Security of Ships; for extending the Quays and Wharfs, and making Docks and Piers in the Harbour there; and foreredling Warthouses for the safe Custody of Goods and Merchandize; and for imposing certain Duties for the above Purposes.

[7th April 1803.]

[ Commissioners empowered to raise 30, 0001. on security of Rates. — Harbour and Dock Majters appointed. — Rates granted on Goods imported, exported, or carried Coastwise, and also a Tonsiage and Boomage Duty on Ships.3

Cap. xxii.

An Act for altering and amending the several Laws now in Force, for enabling The Royal Caned Company to complete a Navigable Canal from Dublin to Tarmonhury on the River Shannon.

[2d April 1803.]

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time hereafter maliciously cut, break down, burn, demolish, or destroy any Bank, Engine, Floodgate, Ebbgate, Lock, Sluice, Tunnel, or Bridge, already made or erected, or which shall at any Time hereafter be erecting or making, or made or crcdled, supported, or maintained, for answeringany of the Purposes of this Act, or of the said Company, every Person or Persons so offending, being convicted thereof, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Case of Felony; and the Court by or before whom any such Person or Persons shall be tried, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Personor Persons to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may, if they think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

" Penalty on damaging Watercourses, &c. 20l. or three Months Imprisonment,

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair (d) the Roads from the East End of the Town of Chard to the South End of West Moor, and from the West End of the Yeovil Turnpike Road through lllminUcr to Kenny Gate, and from the West End of Pcafe Marsh Lane to Horton Elm, and from Saint Rane Hill to lllminster, and from White Croft to Chillington Down, and from a Place called Three Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Old Way, and from The Cross Keys to Catherine Wheel, in the Parish of Ashill, in the County of Scnierfet.

[7th April 1803.]

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the tenth and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from Leeds to Wakefield, in the County of York.

[7th April 1803.]

[Former 7'olls repealed, and new granted.]

Cap.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. xxv.

Cap. xxv*

An Act to alter and amend an Act., made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty* intituled, An Act for making, widening, and repairing, publick Roads in the County of Dublin; and for repealing Parti of several Acts formerly made for that Purpose.*[7 th April 1803.]

WHEREAS from the Insolveney of several of the Collectors of the publick Money presented at fun dry Times by Grand Juries of the County of Dublin, to be levied on the said County, and of the Sureties

of the said Collectors, the Death of the Seneschall, and from the Expences of a Suit between the Crown and < the said County* pending several Years, but now terminated, very considerable Arrears in several Baronies have

accrued: And whereas there is also a considerable Sum of Money due or claimed by divers Persons concerned 1 in the building of the New Gaol at Kdmainha'n, in and for the County of Dublin, and f«r the Payment of i which several Sums the Grand Jury for the said County have not Power by any Law now in force to provide: ' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Jury of the County of Dublin, in each and every Year, at the Easter Term and the Michaelmas Term, or either of them, to present on the said County at large, or on the several Baronies, Parishes, Liberties, or Districts within the said County, in such Proportions or Parts as the said Grand Jury {lull think just and equitable, such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper for the Purpose of dischargitig the said Arrears, and for preventing any Arrears in future, and for discharging the said several Sums of Money due and owing, and for building, erecting, and maintaining, a new Sessions House, and also one or more House or Houses of Correction, for the Use of the said County; and for taking a Survey and making a Map or Plan of the said County; and for the Payment of an Apothecary, or other Medical Attendant, for his Trouble and Attendance on the several Prisoners confined in the Common Gaol or Houses of Correction of the said County, and for providing such Prisoners with Drugs and Medicines; and for the Payment of the Treasurer, Inspector of Accounts, and Sub-Constables of the said County; and for the Payment of the said Treasurer for his Trouble and Attendance, under any Law or Laws in Force or Effect for raising and embodying a Militia for Ireland, for and during such Time as such Militia shall be embodied, and for six Calendar Months after the same shall be disembodied; and each and every such Sum and Sums of Money when so presented, shall be applotted and apportioned in such Shares and Proportions, and shall be raised, levied, and collected by such Ways and Means, and shall be paid into the Bank of Ireland under such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as the several Presentments of the several Grand Juries for the said County of Dublin are directed to be apportioned, applotted, raised, levied, collected, and paid in, by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making, widening, and repairing, publick Roads iin the County of Dublin; and for repealing Parts of several Acts formerly made for that Purpose.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Grand Jury of the County of Dublin to present, or the Court of King's Bench to allow, any Sum or Sums of Money as Poundage or Wages to any Collector, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, collecting or receiving any such Money so presented by any Grand Jury of the County of Dublin, until an Affidavit or Affidavits shall be made that the Person so collecting or receiving did pay to the Treasurer of the said County, at the End of each ten Days, or when the same shall amount to the Sum of one hundred Pounds Irish Currency, all and every Sum or Sums so by him or them then collected or received by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand of the said Treasurer 5 such Affidavit or Affidavits to be sworn before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, or before one of the Judges of the said Court of King's Bench (which Oath and Oaths such Justices and Judge is and are hereby authorized and required to administer); and in every such Affidavit the total Amount of the Sum or Sums by him or them respectively collected or received under every such Warrant shall be particularly expressed.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector or other Person or Persons duly authorized to collect and receive tiny Sum or Sums of Money presented by the Grand Jury of the said County, on any Barony in the said County, on returning his or their Warrant or Warrants as by Law directed, shall pay or advance to the Treasurer of the said County the Proportion of the County Cess applotted on the holding of any

I Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, at any Time or Times .within six Calendar Months from the Day of returning the said 1 Warrant or Warrants, to demand the Sum or Sums of Money so by him or them advanced or paid, of or from the Person or Persons for whom such Sum or Sums of Money was or were advanced or paid, or of the Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands or Tenements on which such Sum or Sums of Money was or were applotted; and if the same shall not be paid within ten Days after Demand thereof made in Writing, or left ]it the lad or usual Place or Places of such Person or Persons, Occimier or Occupiers, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Dublin, on due Proof hade before him of such Demand as aforesaid, and of the Non-payment or Tender of such Sum or Sums jf Money as aforesaid, on the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath such Justice is ereby required to administer, ) to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels

such Person or Persons, Occupier or Occupiers, rendering the Overplus, (if any), after deducing such Sum Sums of Money, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, to recover the ne with Costs by Civil Bill at Sessions, on Proof of such Applotment and Payment tot {he Treasurer; any ling contained in any Act or Acts to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding,

X % i Grand

I:

26 O.3. < c. 14.

Grand Ju Dublin ct

malted it present or County ft certain Purpose*.

Sums pre shall Lc p; into IJank. Is eland, a . under 26G. 3. (] c. 14.

Poundigc Collector, shall not h allowed ui Affidavit r that die M has been j

the Titali

Collector a vanctng to Treasu: tr Proportion he Count) applotted»hcl* inj£ of;

Peif >n. m* mand I'ay 1 f.om such P or the Occu and on Noi payment, 1 levy the fat by DifircfS'

Form of Drafts fov I nfpt<f tarot' Accounts, for Money dinged to be paid in each Term.

Just ice of Peace may appoint an Ovci seer for repairing any Bridge in the County of Dublin.

Preferments to widen Roads.

Power for any Person to impound Cattle found toying.

finally on P< itansdiiving Carriages im-propci ly,

10$. 1. C.

C. xxv. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Grand Jury empowered by Preferment at any of the four Terms, to authorize Persons to take Conveyance* of Ground in the County or County of the City, for the Purpose of erecting a Sessions House and House u of Correction. — Persons taking such Conveyance shall not be considered as Freeholders, §5. If the Ground " taken for the Sessions House shall be in the County of the City of Dublin, the Sessions House shall be held li to be in the County, for all Purposes of County Business, Elections, &c. §5, 6. Survey, Map, or Plan shall u be deposited with County Records, §7."

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Inspector of the Accounts of the said County of Dublin, shall, on or before the lall Day of each Term in each and every Year, produce to the said Grand Jury printed or engraven Drafts for all Monies to be for that Term directed by him to be paid for or on account of the kid County of Dublin in the Form following; that i& to say,

No.

To the Governors and Company of l..j Bank of Ireland.

1 PAY to or Bearer, the Sum of ' which place to the

Account of the County of Dublin, Term, One thousand eight hundred and

' Inspector of the County Account.'

And the said Drafts shall, at the Time of so producing them, be filled up with the respective Numbers, Names of the Persons to whom payable, and the Sums to be paid, and shall be signed with the Name of the said Inspector; and all such Drafts shall also be signed by the Foreman of the Grand Jury of the said County of Dublin, and the said Inspector shall deliver all such Drafts when so signed to the Treasurer of the said County of Dublin, to be by him delivered to the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Draft or Drafts was or were drawn, on his, h^r, or their signing the proper Receipt or Receipts in the County Book; and upon Delivery of every such Draft to such Person or Persons, the Treasurer shall countersign each and every such Draft with his Name, and shall write thereon the Day of the Month, and the Year when so delivered to such Person or Persons; and every such Draft so drawn and countersigned shall be to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland\ or their Cafhter, full and lawful Authority to pay the Contents thereof to the Drawer or Bearer, out of the Monies paid to them by the Treasurer of the said County of Dublin, on Account and to the Credit of the County of Dublin; any Thing contained in the said recited Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IX. ' And whereas the Sum which by Law a Justice of the Peace is empowered to order for the Repaira*of a Bridge suddenly injured by Floods has been found inefficient for such Purpose be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and fur any Justice of the Peace for the County of Dublin, who shall be possessed of a freehold Estate of the clear yearly Value of one hundred Pounds British, without Deductions, within the said County of Dublin, to nominate and appoint under his Hand and Seal an Overseer who can read and write, for the Purpose of repairing the Arch or Arches, Pier or Piers, or other Part or Parts of any Bridge within the said County that may be suddenly injured, damaged, or affected by any Flood or Torrent of "Water, or other Accident; and such Overseer, when so nominated and appointed, shall have full Power and Authority to lay out and expend any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds Britt/hy in repairing such Arch or Arches, Pier or Piers, or other Part or Parts of any such Bridge so injured, damaged, or affected, and the Charges and Expences thereof shall be accounted for and produced to, and allowed by the Grand Jury of the said County, in the Manner and Form directed by the said recited Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Presentment for repairing any o? the Roads in the County of Dublin aforesaid shall be granted, unless the same be twenty-one Feet wide between the Ditches, Drains, or Fences, unless where the lame is inclosed by House?, or Lime and Stone Walls four Feet high at the least j and that in every Place where a Presentment is applied for, to widen any Road or Roads to the Breadth of twenty-one Feet, the Giipe or Gripes shall be turned from the Road.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Horse, Mule, .Ass, Bull, or Cow, Sheep, Goat, Pig, or other Beast, shall, at any Time after the passing of this Act, be found feeding or straying on any Road or Roads within the said County of Dublin, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whomsoever, to drive every such Horse, Mule, Ass, Bull, Ox, Cow, Sheep, Goat, Pig, or other Bead, to the next Pound, and there to detain every such Horse, Mule, Ass, Bull, Ox, Cow, Sheep, Goat, Pig, or other Beast, until the Owner or Owners of the same (hill pay a Fine not exceeding five Shillings Irish Currency, for each and every Beast so impounded to the Person impounding the fame; and such Fine shall be levied and recovered in Manner directed by this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall ride any Beast, or drive any Carriage, Carr, or Cart, on any Road within the said County of Dublin, save and except on the left Side of such Road, when meeting any Beast, Carriage, Carr, or Cart, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding ten Shillings Irish Currency; and such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recovered on the Oath of one credible Witness, before any Justice of the Peace for the County of Dublin aforesaid, (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), or upon the View of such Justice of the Peace, and shall be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Horse, Beast, or Cattle, so ridden or driven on such Road, or of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish wherein such Offence shall be committed; and the several Overseers of the several Roads in the said County of Dublin, shall and they are hereby required immediately after the passing of this Act, to put up and affix written or printed Notices in the most convenient Places on the said Road, specifying the Purport and gleaning of this Clause.

XIII. < And

C.

All. 4> GEORGII III. C. xxv. — xxY'ii.

XIII. And whereas the Power of appointing a High Constable for each of the Baronies in the said

County, (except the Barouiea of Saint $epid*hjrs and Donors), and four Sub-Couitables for each Barony in*

every Year*, is vested in the Grand Jury*of the said County at the General Quarter Session6.: And whereas it would be more proper to have the said High and Sub-Constables appointed by the Term Grand Jury of the said County be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Terra Grand Jury of the said County shall every Year, at Eafer Term, appoint a proper Person to be High Constable for each of the Baronies in the said County of Dublin, (except the Baronies of Saint Sepulchres and Don ore), and shall also appoint four proper Persons to be Sub-Con (tables for each of such Baronies, (except the said Baronies of Saint Sepulchres and Donore), to preserve the Peace at the Quarter Sessions and Elections, and at all Times and.Places in the said County: Prodded always, that every inch High Constable shall have the like Powers and Authorities, and be subject to the like Pains and Penalties as if he had been appointed by the Grand Jury at- the Easter Quarter Sessions; and that no Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid to any such Sub-Constable for his Trouble in executing the said Cilice, by the Treasurer of the said County, unless such Sub-Constable shall produce to the said Treasurer a Certificate figured by the Clerk of the Peace of the said County, that he had at some Quarter Seflror.s or Adjournment thereof for the find Country, since his Appointment to such Office, duly qualified himself agreeable to an Act, passed in the second Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to prevent the further Growth of Popery.

XIV. ' And whereas Venons re tiding near or holding Lands through which the publick Hoad* in the said 1 County pass, are often guilty of great Nuisances be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this. Ad, the Sub-Con liable in each and every Barony in the said County, {Saint Sepulchres and Dvnore excepted), (bally and he and they is and are hereby required to report all such Nuisances as shall occur in their respective Baronies, to the next rdiding Magistrate, who shall punish by Fine or otherwise every Person so informed against by the said Constable or Conilabies, according to the Powers vested in such Magistrate by the said herein-before recited Act; and that every Fine so levied shall be divided, and one Half thereof be given to the said Constable or Conilables, and the other to the Poor of the Parish. where such Abuie or Nuisance shall have exilled.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing this Act, it shall not be lawful to or for the Grand Jury of the said County at Quarter Sessions, ou any Account whatsoever, to present any Sum whatever t* be levied on the said County: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be conibrued* so.as in any Manner to affect the Claim of any Person or Persons to any Monies heretofore presented by the said Grand Juries at Quarter Sessions.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Juries of the said County of Dublin, at Easter and Michaelmas Terms respectively, to present on the said County any Sum not exceeding fifty-two Pounds Irish Currency, such Money to be paid to the Clerk of the Peace of the said County for discharging Prisoners tried at the Quarter Sessions without Fees, and any Sum not exceeding fifty-two Pounds Irish Currency, to be paid to the Clerk of the Crown for discharging Prisoners without Fees tried at the several Commissions of General Gaol Delivery; any Thing in any Act of Parliament contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that the several Sums to be presented for the Clerk of the Peace and Clerk of the Crown shall not exceed the Amount of their legal Fees, such Fees to be ascertained upon Oath in the usual Manner.

t Penalties maybe levied by Distress — one Half to Tnformer, and one Half to the Poor — In Default of Dif-€t tress, Offendier may be imprisoned not exceeding six Months, or till Penalty paid, $17. Limitation of* Actions for Matters done under this or recited Act, six Calendar Months — twenty-one Day's Notice — 4< Tender of Amends — Venue in Dublin County — treble Colls, §18. Grand Jury may present a Sum te defray 4* the Expences of this Act, §19. Publick Act, §20."

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two several Acts, passed in the aril and twenty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Dyed JVay to Somtrton, and from Gawbridge to Tintinhull Fords, and from a Stream of Water called Ford, to Cartgate, in Martoch, in the County of Somtrfet; and also for repairing and widening the Roads from a Place called Hurst Bow in Martoch aforesaid, through a Common Meadow called Petherton Broad-mead, aTid thence through the Parishes of South Petherton, Shepton, Beauchamp, and Barrington, to join, the Turnpike Road leading from Ilminster to Langport, and from South Petherton aforesaid, through Part of the several Parishes of South Petherton and Lopen, to Whitecross, in the said Puriftl of Lopen 5 all in the said County of Somerset. £jth April 1803.]

[.Former Tolls repealed\ and new granted, J

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for continuing^) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, pafTtd in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Modbury through the Town of Pljmptcn, to the North End of Lincotta Lane, in the County of Devon.

[7th April i8o$.T

[Additional Tods granted.2

43 Geo. III.

7n

1193

High and Sub-ConftaWea shall be appointed by 1 lie Term Grand Jmy of the County,

qualified as under 2 Ah. <») c. 6.

Constables shall report Abuse* or Nuitancei.

Grand Jury shall not piefent any Sum at Quarter Sessions.

Grand Jury may present two Sums, not exceeding 52l. each, at E after and Michaelmas Term?, lor Clei k of Peaces and Clerk of the Crown.

1 G. 3. c. 2$. 23 G, 3. c. 96.

ax G-3.C 84. 32 G.«c. 6ik

33 G. % . c. 41. 11G. 3. c. 89.

3C. 3.C. 34.

k4aj.ft.1e.33.

u 61. e.tj.

Perfotis damaging the Bridge shall he guilty of Felony.

24 G. 2. c. 35. aS G. 2. c. 39. 4 G. 3. c. 86.

24 G. 3. St. i.

c. i3.

25 G. 3. c. 28.

*6,

29 G. 3. c. 105. 38 G. 3. c.xlv* Bridge M&ney may be augmented in Edinburgh County. [Sre Scotch A 3s, Car. a. Pari. 2. f. 16J

C. xxviii — xxxiv. 43 GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty* third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Roads from Tamworth to Ashby-de-la-Zouch in the County of Leicester, and from Sawley Ferry, now Harrington Bridge, in the said County, to a Turnpike Gate at or near the End of Swar'cTtJfc Lane, to Ashby-de-la-Zouch aforesaid.

[7th April 1803.]

[Sunday Tolls granted.']

Caf. xxix.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Garrijlcnun, in the County of Dublin, (q. P.) [[7th April 1803.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two several Acts, the one made and passed in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Ripair the High Road leading from the Fourteenth Milcjlont, in the Parish of Mothvey, in the County of Carmarthen, through Llandovery to Llydad y Gwyn, in the Parish of Llandilovawr, and from thence by Cledfulch and over Duless Bridge to the Town of Llandilovawr, and from the said Town along the Pqfi Road by Rhiwyradar, through the County of the Borough of Carmarthen and Village of Saint Clears, to Tavernspite in the Parish of Kiffig, at the Borders of the County of Pembroke; the other made and passed in the twenty, fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for repairing, amending, and keeping in Repair several other Roads within the said County; for discharging the Trustees from the Care and Management of certain Parts of the said Roads; and for making, amending, altering, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads within the said County.

[27th April 1803.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for making, amending, altering, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair (b), the Road leading from the North or North-West End of a certain Street called Lower Water Street, in the Town of Carmarthen, in the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, through the Village of Conwill Elvet, in the Parish of Conwill Elvet, and through the Village of Velindre Shinkin in the Parish of Penboir, to the Town of Newcastle Emlyn in the Parish of Cenarth, and several other Roads in the County of Carmarthen.

[2id April 1803.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, improving, and maintaining, the publick Conduits and other Waterworks belonging to the Town of Southampton. £17^ May 1803.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act for enabling the Most Noble John Duke of Atholl and his Heirs to build a Bridge over the River Taj, at or near to the Town of Dunkeld in the County of Perth, and make Roads of Communication thereunto.

[17th May 1803.]

XXII. 4 And, for preventing wilful and malicious burning, or otherwise damaging or destroying the said Bridge or Centres thereof/ be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons In all wilfully and maliciously bum, blow np, -pull down, or otherwise destroy the said Bridge or Centres, or any of them, or any Part thereof, or attempt so to do, orlhall wilfully and maliciously, and without Authority from the said Duke or his Heirs, remove, destroy, or take away any Materials or Works thereunto belonging, or anywise direct or procure the same to be done, whereby the said Bridge, Centres, or Works thereof may be damaged, or the Lives of Passengers or Workmen endangered, such Offender or Offenders, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony.

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for enlarging and altering the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of the twenty, fourth and twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty, and of the fourth, twenty-fourth, twenty-fifth, twenty-ninth, and thirty-eighth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Turnpike and other High Roads in the County of Edinburgh.^17th May 1803.]

[Tolls increased, and Exemptions altered.]

XLIX. 4 And whereas the Sum of ten Shillings Scots, being ten Pence Sterling, upon each one hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, levied in the Name of Bridge-Money, under the Authority of an Act of the Parliament of Scotland passed in the Year One thousand six hundred and sixty-nine, is now found to be infus. 4 ficient and inadequate / be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Freeholders and Heritors of the County of Edinburgh, to ftent or affefe the Heritors of the said County from Time to Time, as they may fee Cause, in any Sum, not to exceed in the Whole two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling yearly upon each one hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, to be levied and applied as the old Affeflmeat might be levied and applied.

Cap.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. t xxxv — xli.

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from or from near a Place called Pitlake Meadow, in the Town of Croydon, to or near to the Town of Reigate, in the County of Surrey, with a Collateral Branch from the said Railway, at or near a Place called Merjlham, in the Parish of Merfiham, to or near to a Place called Godstone Green, in the Parish of GodJloney all in the said County of Surrey,

Proprietors, incorporated by the Name of The Croydon, Mcrllham, and Godstone Iron Railway Company» 44 empowered to raii'e 60, 000l. by Shares of 100l. each, §41, 42. and 30, 000l. by additional Shares or Mort- gages, $ 45, 46. Tonnage Rates, §65."

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully, maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Undertaking, break, throw down, damage, dellroy, Heal, or take away, any Pail of the said Railway or other Works to be erected and made by virtue of this Act, or do any other wilful Hurt or Mischief, toobflrudl, hinder, or prevent the carrying on, completing, supporting, and maintaining the fame, every Person offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in.Cases of Felony; and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted shall hav.* Pow< r and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws or Statutes of this Realm; or iu Mitigation of such Punishment, such Courts may, if they shall think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny; or otherwise, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, or the Place where such-Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit any Sum not kfs than double the Value of the Damage proved on Oath to be done, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices; such Penalty, together with rea for able Coils, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fucU Offender, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Offender; or such Offender shall and may be committed to the Common Gaol for the said County of Surrey, or Place where such Offence shall happen, for any Time not exceeding six Calendar Months, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted: Provided, that nothing herein contained shall extend to any Owner of Land, or his or her own Agent or Agents, till Satisfaction shall have been tendered as hereby provided.

Cup. xxxvi.

An Act for enlarging (l>) the Term and Powers of two Acts passed in the fourteenth and thirty-second Years of his present Maj city's Reign, for more effectually making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow to Toker Bridge, and the Road of Communication between the same and the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde. [New Tolls granted.] [ l ?th May 1893.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and improving the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and ifor holding the Saturday and Beast Markets within more convenient Parts of the said Borough.

[17th May 1803.]

[So much oj 11 W. 3. c. 6. p. 2. as relates to lighting the Borough repealed.']

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair (b), the Road leading from the Port of Porthdinllaen, in the County of Caernarvon, to or near a Place called Caenanl, in the County of Merioneth, and from Tan-y-Graig, in the Parish of Bodvean, to the Town of Pwllheli, and from thence to the Village of IJnnyjlymdwy, and from a Place called Cerrig-y-Rhwydwr, to or near to Capel Cerrig, in the said County of Caernarvon; and for building a Bridge across the River jiberglajlyn in the said Counties.

[17th May 1803.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act to continue (f>) the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in the second and

twenty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amtnding the Road from the South End of Sparrow's Herne, on Bushey Heath, in the County of Hertford, to the Road at Walton, in the County of B ucking ham. f Sunday Toil granted.] [1Jth May 18 03. J

Cap. xl.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Charles Earl of Shrewsbury, in the Counties of Salop, Chester, Berks, Wilts, and Oxford, in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, and subject to the said Reihidlions. (4. P.) [17th May 1803.]

Cap. xli.

An Act for enabling the High Court of Chancery to authorize and empower the surviving Devifce in Truss, named in the Will of Thomas Batty, heretofore of the Parish of Saint George in the Fuji, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, deceased, to grant building Leases of certain Ground at or near Church Lane, in the Parish of Saint George in the East, in the County of Middlesex, devised to him by the said Will, and to fell and pull down an ancient Messuage, (landing on Part of the said Ground, and to apply the Monies to arise by such Sale upon the Trusts of the said Will. (q. P.) [17th May 1803.]

7 N t Cofr*

1195

Penalty on Persons obft. tufting ihe Works.

Felony.

Peti' Larceny.

l: ine.

ImprisonmcnL

14 C. c.io*. 310.3.0.131.

1 O. 3. c. 673 G. 3. c. 93.

3'j 6 29.

Pr-

whereoy they mail let tortn ana tuuy aeicnoe the lianas to be allotted, or the annual jvioney rayments to oe charged upon the Estates of the said Proprietors in lieu thereof to the said Tythe Owners; and iu case the said respective Arbitrators shall not make and complete their said respective Awards, and deliver the same to the Commissioners within the Time before limited, then and in every Case such disinterested Person or Persons as shall be elected and appointed by the said Arbitrators respectively, by Writing under their Hands, for an Umpire (such Election and Appointment being made before the said Arbitrators respectively proceed in their Arbitrations), shall be and is hertby appointed Umpire for finally exonerating the fame, and determining the several Matters and Things agreed to be referred to the said Arbitrators respectively in Manner aforesaid; and the said respective Umpire -so to be elected and appointed as aforesaid shall within two Calendar Months next after the Expiration of the Time herein-before limited for making and completing the said Arbitrator's Award, have such and the like Power and Authority in every Respect and to every Intent and Purpose as is hereby vested in the said Arbitrators; and such Determinations or Awards of the said Arbitrators or Umpire respectively, made in Writing under their or his Hands and Seals or Hand and Seal respectively, shall be final and conclu. live, and shall be delivered to the said Commissioners within the Times before respectively limited for the making thereof; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to comprize therespe&iie Awards of the said Arbitrators, or their Umpire as aforesaid, in the Award to be made by- the said Commissioners, and to make the same a Part or Parts thereof.

" Fresh Arbitrators and Umpires may be nominated on Death of former Arbitrators, §26. Expences of^hl^ " Exoneration shall be paid by the Parties, §27. Lands not so exonerated V

" of Tithes as before. §28."

A.D. 180 3.

45" GEORGII III. C.sdvl.

is Lord of the Minor of Dm Hey Reyues, withm the fttd PirifH, end as fudfc, ?s or cfcmf» to be entitled to the < Right of Soil of and in tire said Commons and Waste Lands: And whereas the Provost, Fellows, and Scholar* ' of the College Royal of the Blessed Mary<& Eton, near unto Wmdjor, in the County of Bucks, are Impro-

priatdrs of the Finproprmte Rectory and Parsonage of Oakley, and as such are entitled to the Re&orhd

Tychos arising, renewing, or increasing from the f^ands and Grounds within the said Parish, and are also ' entitled to certain Parts of the said Common and Lammas Meadows, and are or claim to be entitled to ' certain Rights of Common, and other Commonable Rights, in, over, and upon the said Open and Common Fields, Common and Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Land?; and the said John Duke of Betlf rd

is Lessee of the same vefpedlively: And whereas the said Provost, Fellows, and Scholars, are also Patrons of the Vicarage of the said Parish of Oakley, and tire Reverend Charles Abbot Doctor in Divinity, is the prc&nt 11 Vicar of the said Vicarage, and in Right of such Vicarage is entitled to all the vicarial Tythrs arising, ' renewing, or increasing within the fa»'d. Parish: And whereas the said John Duke of Bedford, John Earl of

Ashburnham, and the Master and Fellows of Queen's College in the University of Cambridge, and divers other ' Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of or other wise interested in the said Open and Common Fields, Common ' and Lammas Meadow s. Commons, and Waste Lands, and are or claim to be also entitled to certain Rights of ' Common, and other Commonable Rights and Interests in, over, and upon the fame: And whereas the

Owners and Proprietors of certain ancient Cottages in the said Parish of Oakley are or claim to be entitled to ' certain Rights of Common, in, over, and upon the said Open and Common Fields, Common and Lammas

Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands: And whereas it would be highly, beneficial to such Owners and Proprietors and to the several Persons entitled to Rights of Common, and other Commonable Rights as

' aforesaid, if the fa: d Open and Common Fields, Common and Lammas Meadows, Commons and Waste Lands were divided and allotted unto and amongst the said several Owners and Proprietors, and other Persons

interested therein, according and in Proportion to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests, and if such ' Allotments were conveniently laid together and inclosed; and it will also be very advantageous to the Owners and Proprietors of all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Oakley if the same are exonerated from

Tythes 5 but inasmuch as the said several Objects cannot be effcdled without the Aid and Authority of ' Parliament.1

" Commrffieners appointed for valuing, dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common and Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, and for exonerating from Tythes all the Lands and Groands within the said Parish of Oakley, §1."

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required (after having set out the necessary Roads, Ways, and Drains, in, over, and through the Lands and Grounds intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, by virtue of this Act, pursuant to the Directions contained in the said recited Act, and the Allotment or Allotments to the Surveyor of the Flighways of the said Parish of Oakley as aforesaid, and to the said Provost, Fellows, and Scholars, and to the said Charles Abbot aa Vicar as aforesaid, for or in lieu of their respective Glebe Lands and Rights of Common aforesaid) to set out and allot unto and for the said Provost, Fellows, and Scholars of Eton College aforesaid, and their LefTce or Lessees for the Time being, as Impropriators as aforesaid, and unto and for the said Charles Abbot, and hi* Successors, Vicars as aforesaid, so much and such Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, by virtue of this Act, as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioners be equal in Value (after deducing the inclosed Glebe Lands within the said Parish of Oakley) to onc-tifth Part of all the Arable or Tillage Lands, to one-tenth Part of the Woodlands, and to one-ninth Part of all the other Lands and Ground* within the said fcrish, which are subject or liable to the Payment of Tythes in Kind; and also such further Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds, to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as aforesaid, as in the Judgment of the said Commissioners shall be a full and fair Equivalent for any Competitions, Modules, or other Payments, for or in lieu of Tythes, now payable out of or from any of the Messuages, Cottages, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Orchards, Homesteads, and inclosed Lands and Grounds within the said Parish; and fuefo Allotment or Allotments so to be set out and allotted as aforesaid shall be by the said Commissioners allotted and divided between the said Provost, FJlows, and Scholars, and the said Charles Abbot, as Vicar as aforesaid and his Successors, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Con, mistioners shall adjudge to be adequate to their several and respective Shares, Interest, and Property, in the Great and Small Tythes, Competitions* Modules, and other Payments, respectively arising, renewing, and becoming due and payable to them within the said Parish, and shall be in lieu of and in full Recompence, Satisfaction, and Compensation, for all and all Manner of Tythes, both Great and Small, and all Competitions, Modules, and other Payments in lieu of Tythes, arising, renewing, or becoming due and payable in, upon, or from the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, in pursuance of this Act, and in, upon, or from all and every the Messuages, Cottages, Flomesteads, Yards, Gardens, Orchards, and inclosed Lands and Grounds within the said Parish, (except and always reserving unto the said Charles Abbot, and his Successors, Vicars as aforesaid, the usual and accustomed Mortuaries, Easter Offerings, and Surplice Fees, payable unto him and them).

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Owners or Proprietors of any Messuages, Cottages, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Orchards, Homesteads, or inclosed Lands or Grounds, in the said Parish of Oakley, fhaff not be entitled to a sufficient Quantity of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, to exonerate such Messuages, Cottages, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Orchards, Homesteads, or inclosed Lands and Grounds, from Tythes as aforesaid, and from all such Modules, Competitions, and other Payments in lieu of Tythes as aforesaid, then and in such Case the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, to charge the respective Owners or Proprietors thereof with such $um or Sums of Money a6 shall in the Judgment of the said Commissionm be a just: and full Compensation and Satisfactioit for the Fee Simple of the Tyibet, Competitions, Modules, and other

Payments

*19?

41 C. 3. (U.K.) c 109.

Allotments 16 the Impropriator* and Vicars lor Tythes.

Proprietors of Inclufures not interested in the Lands to be inclosed shall pay a Satisfaction for the Hurthafe of Tythes, Bcc.

to. 3 c. 45.

31 G. 3-c. 60.

Penalty on Persons wilfully damaging the Bridge.

Felony punishable as Petty Larceny.

at G. 2. c. 49. ax G. 3. c. 96.

ftS G. t. c. 59. ax 0.3. c. 99.

1 G. 3. c. 41.

23 G.3* c. 105.

C.xlvi. — liii. 4.3* GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Payments anting, renewing, or becoming due or payable for or in respect of their respective Messuages, Cottages, Buildings, Ykrds, .Gardens, Orchards, Homesteads, or inclosed Lands or Grounds; and such Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall dire#, and be by them applied towards defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act; and in case of Non-payment thereof at the Time appointed for that Purpose, the same shall be raised and levied in such Manner, as the Cods, Charges, and Expences, of obtaining and executing this Act, may be raised and levied.

Cap. xlvii.

An Act to amend, alter, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relates to maintaining a Nightly Watch, and lighting and cleansing the Streets, Rows, and Passages within the City of Chester and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in the Streets, Rows, and Passages within the said City, and for regulating and improving the Police thereof.

[27th May 1803.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the thirty-firH Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Ouse, from Selby in the West: Riding of the County of 7'ork, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Heminborough in the East Riding of the same County.

[27th May 1803.]

£Additional Tolls granted for Repayment of Money borrowed by the Company of Proprietors of Selby Bridge, ']

Cap. xlix.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Derwent> at. or near Loftfome Ferry, from the Parish of IVreJfel to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Hemingbrough in the East Riding of the County of York.

[i/th May 1803.]

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destruy, or begin to pull down or destroy the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, or any Toll House or other Convenience , to be erected by virtue of this Act, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws or Statutes of thi6 Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court, may, if they think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

Cap. 1.

An Act for continuing (n) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, and twenty-first Year of his present Majesty, for amending the Roads from the West End of Toller Lane near Bradford, through Haworth in the County of York, to a.Place called Blue Bell, near Colne in the County of Lancaster, and from a Place called the Two Laws to Kighley in the said County of York.

[27th May 1803.]

[New Tolls granted.]

Cap. li.

An Act for continuing (<7) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, and the twertty-first Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cocking End, near Addtngham in the West Riding of the County of York, through Kildwicky to Black Lane End in the County Palatine of Lancaster, £2 7th 1803.]

[New Tolls granted,]

Cap. lii.

An Act for continuing (rf) the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, ' passed in the second and twenty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widtning, and altering the Road from Sandon in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy in the County of Chesterf and from Hilderstone to Draycott in the Moors, and from IVeiley Rods to Teem in the said County of Stafford,

[ New Toils granted.] [27th May 1803 ]

4

Cap. liii.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commouable and Waste Lands within the Parish of Horneajllc in the County of Lincoln, (q. P.)

[27th May 1803.]

" Commissioners empowered to allot to the Vicars of Homcaflle (over and above the Lands and Grounds di-" rested to be allotted, in lieu of Glebe Lands and Right of Common), such Plots, Pieces, or Parcels of the " Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, intended to be divided and in-u elofed, as shall be equal in Value to the several Proportions of the Residue of the Lands and Grounds within " or belonging to the Parish of Horneastle aforesaid, next herein after described (except such Part or Parts u of the same as shall be claimed to be held discharged from Tythe to the aforesaid Vicarage, and proved to u be so held to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners); that is to say, to One-fifth Part of the Open " Arable Lands, or usually deemed such (except such as have laid Lea or Grass for more than six Years)

" to

c.

1199

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C.liii — lviii.

44 to One-seventh Part of the annual Meadow Land in the Ings; to One-eighth Part of all the ancient in- closed Lands, Open Cow Pallures, and Lea Land; and to One-ninth Part of the Common Piece or Parcel of Land, to be allotted in JVUJmore Fm for the Use of the Proprietors and Occupiers of Houses and Lands in the said Parish of HonicaJlley and of all other Commonable and Waste Lands within the said«Pari Hi; which said Allotment* (half be in lieu of, and in full Recompence and Compensation for the unin-m elofed Glebe Lands and Right of Common, and for allTythes, both Great and Small, and all Modules and other Dues and Payments whatsoever, in lieu of Tythes belonging to the Vicars of Iforncajllcy arising, grow- ing, renewing, or payable, within, upon, or for any of the Lands, Grounds, and Homelleads, within the said Parish of Homca/Ue (except the usual and accustomed Surplice Fees, Easter Offerings, and Mortuaries), all which said Tythes, and all other Eccfefilfticil Dues and Payments whatsoever, within the said Parish of«Homeajlle (except as aforesaid), after such Allotments in lieu thereof shall be made, shall ceale, determine, and be for ever extinguished, jf 19 "

" In case there are any Homefleads, Gardens, or other inclosed Lands, in the Parish, subject to the Pay-t( ment of Tythes, the respective Proprietors whereof shall not happen to be entitled to any or a sufficient Allotment to make Compensation for the Tythes payable thereout, fitch Proprietors shall respectively pay unto the said Vicars for the Time being, such annual Sum or Sums of Money as the Commissioners shall«adjudge to be equal in Value to One-eighth Part of such Homciteads, Gardens, or other inclosed Lands, subject to such Variations from Time to Time, for ascertaining the Rent according to the Price of Corn, as are provided for by 42 Geo. 3. c. cviii.; and the Commissioners in their Award shall particularize such Home- Heads, Gardens, or other inclosed Lands, and the several Sums of Money to be paid out of the same ref- peftivtrly, subject to such Variations as aforesaid, in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and at what Time or Times such Payments in lieu of Tythes shall commence, and the Tythes in lieu of which such Payments shall be 4t made are to cease and determine — The Vicar empowered to levy such Sums by Distress, §20."

Cap. liv.

An Act to continue (r) the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, made in the twentyvfourth Year of his late Majesty, and the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Preston to Lancajlcry and from thence to a Place called Htiring Syke; and for maintaining and keeping in Repair the Road from the Guide Post in the Township of Slytie with Hejl % to a Place called Hejl Bank in in the said Township. [11th June 1803.]

[Nefu Tolls granted."]

Cap. lv.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Improvement of the Harbour of Alloa, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Town of Alloa, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. [11th June 1803.]

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall, after the passing of this Act, maliciously, wilfully, or wantonly demoliih, break down, destroy, or set on Fire, any of the Piers, Quays, Jetties, Breasts, or other Works to be constructtd in or belonging to the said Harbour, or any Ship, Boat, or other Vessel lying or being therein, every such Person or Persons so offending, upon being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cales of Petit Larceny.

[7 ntjlees of Harbour empowered to levy Rates on Goods — to borrow 5000l. cn Credit of Rates — Rates for pavings

Ifc. vejled in other Tnijlecs.]

Cap. Ivi.

An Act for regulating and converting (b) the Statute Labour in the County of Kinross> and for more effectu-ally making and repairing the Highways within the said County. [lith June 1803.]

Cap. lvii.

An Act for repairing, improving, and preserving (a) the Harbour of Dyfarty in the County of Fife*

[11th June 1803.]

[.Additional Tonnage and Import and Export Duties granted.]

Cap. lviii.

An Act for repealing so much of air Act, made in the ninth Vear of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to enable the Justicet of the Peace, aBing for the Westcm Division of the Cotmty of Kent, to furchafe a convenient Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the feud County, and for empowering the said juf tices to apply Part of the County Stock of the said Division towards the same % as requires that the said Gaol should be repaired exclusively at the Expence of the said Western Division; and for the better Regulation and Payment of the publick Expences of the said County^ [11th June 1803.]

449G. 2. c. 12. recited and repealed in Part (as in Title) except as to Expences incurred before 24th June " 1803, §1."

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, all Changes, Burthens, and Expences whatsoever, arising within the bid County of Kent, to

8 which

A Money Payment to be made for the Tythes of the old Iuclo-furcs in ceuia Ctles.

24 G. 2. c. 20. 22 G. 3.C. 8S.

26 G. 3. c, ij.

amending 17 G. 1. c. 3j.

Punishment foe destroying Wo: ks.

Felony punishable as Petty Larceny.

See 26 G. 1.0.44

Expences of the County shall be paid by aGene-

1-200

ral C >unty Rite

in certain Pn'portions.

A General Sessions for tins whole County shall he hokien annually, lor examining Titafu'ei Accounts.

f f no Adjournment, three

Jukiccs may call a Meeting.

County Rates, shall be made for the w hole County under 12 C. 2. C. 29.

Irish A&u j G.a.-c. ar.

40 G. j. c. 99.

Punishment of Persons cutting away Buoys.

C.lviC.-lx. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

which a County Rato ta or may he applicable* shall be borne and paid by a General Chunty Rate for the find County, in the Proportions following; (that is to say), One-fi>itrth Part of such Charges, Burthens, am! Kx-pencts, shall be borne and paid by the Eastern Division of the said County, and the other Three-fourth Parts thereof shall be borne and paid by the Western Division of the said County.

IlL And be it further eraided, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace of the said County, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and directed to hold a General Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Kent, on Tuesday in Whitsun Week in each and every Year, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, for the Purpose of examining, raffing, and allowing the several Accounts of the respective Treasurers of the said two D: \ilions of the said County, and such Sessions shall always commence apd be originally hohkn at Sittingbourn, in the said County of Kent, but the same may from Time to Time be adjourned, as Occasion may require, to Sit tin-bourn aforesaid; and the Justices present at any such General Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby directed to enquire into and examine, pais, and allow the said Accounts of the said Treasurers; and the said Accounts shall be examined, passed, and allowed, solely and exclusively at the said General Sessions, or some Adjournment thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, if at any Time or Times it shall happen that the said General Sessions of the Peace herein-before authorized and directed to be holden shall not have been adjourned to any subsequent Time, or shall have been adjourned for more than thirty Days then to come, it shall and may be lawful to and for any three or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, and they are hereby authorized, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint any Time for the holding of a General Sessions of the Peace for the said County at Sittingbourne aforesaid, and the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall cause Notice to he given of the Time of holding such General Sessions, by such publick Advertisement as the said Justices shalldirr&, fourteen Days at least before the Time so appointed for holding the said General Sessions, and such General Sessions shall be holden at the Time specified in such Notice accordingly, and the said Justices at such adjourned General Sessions shall have as full and ample Powers and Authorities as if such General Sessions had, at the laR preceding General Sessions, been adjourned to the Time specifiedin such Notice as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, every Rate or Afltflment for raising such Sum and Sums of Money within the said County of Kent, as shall be fuf&cient to aoswer diet Ends and Purposes mentioned and contained in an Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more easy aJfffng, .colleiiing, and levying of County Rates, shall be made for the Whole of the said County; and that all and every the Sum and Sums of Money in and by such General Rates or Assessments rated or a fit (Ted upon the several Towas, Farifiies, Precincts, Vills, Hamlets, and Places, situate within the Western. Division of the said County, shall be paid to die Treasurer of the said Western Dirifion and that all and every the Sum and Sums of Money in and by such General Rates or Assessracnts rated or assessed upon the several Towns, Parishes, Piecinds, Vills, Hamlets, and Places, situate within die Eastern Division of the said County, shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said E^stern Division; and ip every Order which, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, shall be made for the raising of any General County Rate within the said County, it shall be mentioned and expressed that the said Sums shall be paid to the respective Treasurers as aforesaid.

" Treasurer shall be appointed for the Eastern Division by Justiceaat Quarter Sessions held within the Eastern u Division, and shall give Security required by 12 G. 2. c. 29, §6. — And so for the Western Division, §7. " Treasurer to be appointed for the Western Division. Publick Act, §9."

Cap. lix.

An Act for paving, lighting, tleanfing, watching, and improving, the Streets, Passages, and Places within the Town of Worthing, in the County of Sussex 5 for removing and preventing Annoyances and Obitrudiona

therein, and for establishing an cffcdive Police in the said Town.

[11th June 1803.]

Cap. lx.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, in-- tiluled, An Act for cleansing the Ports, Harbours, and Rivers of the City of Cork, and of the Towns of Galway, Sligo, Drogheda, and Belfast, and for erecting a Ballajl Office in the said City, and each of the said Towns, as relates to the Port and Harbour of the Town of Sfigo; and for repealing an Act, made in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and improving the Streets, Quays, Lanes, and Passages in the Town of Sligo in the County of Sligo; for ejlallijhwg a Nightly Watch in the said Town; for supply\ng the said Town with Pipe Water; and for improving and rc&uTaiing the Port and Harbour thereof, and for making better Provisioa for the paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and improving of the said rI own of Sligo; and for regulating the Porters and Carmen employed therein; and for the better Regulation and Improvement of the Port and Harbour thereof- [11th June 1803.]

Tonnage Duties on Vessels granted for maintaining the Harbour, §90. — Duties for Ballad, §100. — Pilots u may be licensed, § no. — Rates of Pilots, f 115. 6, ooool. may be borrowed on Harbour Duties — $ 127."

CIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whosoever, not being lawfully empowered (b to do, shall wilfully cut away any Buoy Roop from any Anchor in the said Port and Harbour, or cast off, loose, or cut any Ship, Lighter, Wherry, or other Vessel from its Mooring, or deface, destroy, or take away Mnj Buoy or Perch, in the said Port and Harbour, every such Person shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall

2 on

' j r .o if inch General St&etfci-»k citicd is such Notice as atoriui i hat. from and after the said traM»^ ur Atuifment (or raisiag luck ka* u> answer tk Emit and Pupofossa- of the Reign of his late MajAfk^:

<t/»J I'tji.iT 0j Comh Rata, yhs

ir.d Sums of Money in indbjiacG* : k>, Prtcin&s YiUs,

: d to tk Trcakru of tk tadMk is.

1 by such General Rates or A&0£ Hamlets, and Places, fitute rats* of the said Eastern Ditifioc; aisr.' t One thousand eight hundred and sr. -\e said County, kMUaKEadsir s as aforesaid.

Justicesat Quarter Sessions Winded

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Ardent Far* liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it (had be lawful for the respective Owners and Proprietors, and Persona legally entitled to fish in the said respective Rivas or Waters commonly called, known, or distinguished by the Names of the Dart, Teigny and Plym in the said County of 2)evaat or in any of the Streams of Water or Rivulets communicating therewith respectively, and their respective Servants and Agents, and they are hereby authorized and empowered at any Time or Times in the Year, between the fourth Day of March and the fo\uth Day of December within the said River Teigny and t^e several Rivulets or Streams of r .communicating therewith, with legal and proper Nets, or Hooks and Lines, to take, kifl, pr destroy any .Salmon, Salmon Peal, or Salmon Kind, and to offer to Sale any of such Fish so .taken between the said last mentioned Periods, within the River Tetgit, and the several Rivulets or Streams of Water communicating therewith; and also at any Time or Times in the Year between the fifteenth Day of February and the fifteenth Day of November within the said Rivers Dart and Plymf and the several Rivulets or Streams of Water communicating therewith respectively, with legal and proper Nets, or Hooks and Lines, to take, kill, or destroy any such Salmon, Salmon Peal, or Salmon Kind, within the said Rivers Dart and Plym9 and the several Rivulets or Streams of Water communicating therewith respectively, and to offer the same to Sale when so taken between the said last mentioned Periods, within the said last mentioned Rivers and Waters; and th*t all such Fifii so taken within the said respective Rivers and Waters, and within the respective Periods aforesaid, shall be deemed and considered to be in Season, and proper to be killed, the said recited Acts or either of them, or Iny other Act or Acts, Law, Statute, Ordinance, or Custom to the contranr notwithstanding.

" None shall take or fell Salmon, life, or pursue or injure the same or their Spawn or Fry in the said Rivers, &c, u at any other Time, nor at any Time with Spears, §2."

1202 Clxiii. — lxxii.

43° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

1 G. 3, c. 27. 21 G. 3. c. 90.

33 G. 3. c. 175.

Cap. Ixiii.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts passed in the first and tweaty-first, Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the eastern End of the Borough of Grampound in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Saint Aujlell and Loflwithitl, and thence to the call End of the Western Tap House Lane in the said County.

[New Tolls granted.] [ 11 th June 1803.]

Cap. Ixi\\

An Act for continuing (\b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for more effectually amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the City of Worcester, through Droitwich to Spadcjbourne Bridge, within the Parish of Bromsgrove in the County of Worcester, and other Roads therein mentioned.

[1 ith June 1803.]

[New Tolls granted.]

Cap. Ixv.

A1* Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Ada, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Oiehampton in the County of Devon. '

[1 ith June 1803.]

Cap. lxvi.

*5 G. 3. c. 124. Act for continuing (£) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from White-chapel Church in the County of Middlesex to Sheffield, and the furthermost: Part of the Parish of Woodford towards Epping, and from the Causeway in the Parish of Low Layton to the End of the said Parish of Wood- ford, next Chigwell, and through the Parishes of Chigwell and Lambourn, in the County of Essex; and for.lighting and watching the said Road from Whitechapel Church, to the four Mile Stones in the Rumford and Woodford Roads. [New Tolls granted."] [ 1 ith June 1803.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for amending, widening, altering, and improving (a) the Road leading from the High Street in the Town of Arundel, to the Junction of the Petworth and Putinrough Roads, and from thence to join the present Turnpike Road on Fittleworth Common, in the County of Sussex. [11th June 1803.]

3 G. 2. c. 36. 'aiC. 3. c. 92.

1 G. 3. c. 26. 23 G. 3. c. 102.

f 1 G. 3. c. 84.

1 G. 3. c. 3X, 20 G*. 3. c. 89.

29 G. 2. c. 45. 22 G. 3. c. 1 o. 42 G. 3.

f. lii.j

Cap. lxviii

An Act for continuing ([b) the Term, and altering, and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the first and twenty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making a Road from the north east Side of the Goswell Street Road next Islington, and near to the Road called The New Road, over the Fields to Old Street, and from the Dog House Bar to the End of Chiswell Street, by the Artillery Ground, in the County of Middlesex* [Exemption from Toll in 23 G. 3. repealed.1 [11th June 1803.]

Cap. lxix.

An Act for amending, altering, and keeping in Repair (b) the Road from the Turnpike Road between Bun1-ley and Colne, in the Township of Marfden, in the Parish of Whalley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of Gisburn, in the West Riding of the County of York, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Skipton to Settle, at or near the Town or Village of Long Preston, in the said County of York.

[11th June 1803.]

Cap. Ixx.

An Act to continue (b) the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the present Turnpike Road upon Greenhill Moor to Hath erf age, and from the Chesterfeld T urn pike Road, near Stoney Middleton to Totley, all in the County of Derby; and also for making two new Branches from the said Roads to Baflow, in the said County, and to Goose Green near Sheffield in the County of York.

[1 ith June 1803.]

[New Tolls granted.]

Cap. lxxi.

An Act to continue (b) the Term and enlarge the Powers of two Acts passed for amending the Road from Sacred Gate, in the Parish of Thorngumbald to Patrington Creek or Haven, and from the Guide Post in Wine-Jlead to Frodingham Gate, in or near Widow Branton's Farm, in, the County of York. [ 1 ith June 1803.]

Cap. lxxii*

An Act for continuing (r) the Term, and altering the Powers of two Acts, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Pond late belonging to Henry Eyre Esquire, in the Parish of Whiteparish in the County of Wilts, to the Top-of Dunwood HUl, and from thence over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, through Romsey Infra to Hundred Bridge in the County of Southampton, and from thence to the County of the Town of Southampton. [11th June 1803.]

Cap.

1203

Irish Acts 7 O. 2 c. 26.

9 G. 2. c. 27.

2 5 G. 2. c. 22. 31 G. 2. C. 12.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open, Common, and Mesne Fields, Moors, Meadows,

Pastures, Wastes, and other commonable and uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Great HucJdow, in the Parish of Hopet in the County of Derby. (q. P.) [11th June 1803.]

The Preamble recites that the King in Right of his Duchy of Lancaster, is Lord of the Manor of High Peak, within which the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Lands are situate. — Land may be sold to defray the King's Share of Expencea under the Act, §13. — Allotment to the King in Right of his said Duchy as Lord of the said Manor of High Peal-, one eighteenth Part of the Moors, Commons, and Wastes intended to be divided " and allotted, in lieu of and as a Compensation for the Right and Interest of his Majesty in and to the Soil of " the said Moors, Commons, and Wastes, §15." — The Commissioners Award shall be enrolled and deposited in the Duchy Court of Lancaster at Wflminjlcry y 21.

Cap. lxxvi.

An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for dividing and 7^. j. c. 89 , pr. inclosing the Open Commons in the Manor of Reagill, in the County of Wr/lmorclandy and for granting other Powers for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, (q. P.) [11th June 1803.]

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C.lxxiii. — lxxviii.

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for the Sale of Part of the Estates of the Right Honourable Robert Earl of Roden, for the Intent and Purposes therein mentioned, and for settling other Estates in lieu thereof to the same Uses. (q. P.)

[1 ith June 1803.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for the more effectually carrying into Execution the several Acts therein mentioned for the Relief of the Creditors of certain Banks lately kept in the City of Dublin called Burtons Banks. (q. P.)

[11th June 1803.]

Cap. lxxv.

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An x9* G. 3.C. 105. Act for dividing and inclosing the Open IVaJles and Commons lying in the Manor of Sleagill, in the County of ^r*

Westmoreland; and for granting other Powers for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, (q. P.) [nth 1803.]

X. The Commissioners under the Act are empowered by and with the Consent in Writing of the Lord or u Lady of the said Manor of Sleagill for the Time being, and of a Majority of the several Persons having Right u of Common on the said' Wastes and Commons, and of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Saint Mary Carlijlet the Rector, Vicar, Curate, or other Person or Persons entitled to the Tythes of Corn,

14 Grain, Hay, and other Tythes, arising and growing due within the said Manor of Sleagilly to set out, allot,

and assign unto the said Dean and Chapter, Rector, Vicar, Curate, or ether Person or Persons entitled to M such Tythes as aforesaid, such a Quantity, Part, or Portion of the said Wastes or Commons, as the said Commissioners shall adjudge to be a full Equivalent and Compensation for and in lieu of such Tythes, which said Quantity, Part, or Portion, shall be accepted by and vested in such Dean and Chap- ter, Rector, Vicar, Curate, or other Person or Persons entitled to such Tythes'as aforesaid, and his or their Successors, or Heirs and Assigns for ever, in lieu of and as a full Compensation and Satisfaction for all the Tythes of Corn, Grain, Hay, and other Tythes arising, increasing, renewing, and growing due to the said Dean and Chapter, Rector, Vicar, Curate or other Person or Persons entitled to inch Tythes as aforesaid, or " their Successors, Heirs, or Assigns, or their Lessee or Lessees, or any of them, within and throughout the whole Manor or Lordship of Sleagill aforesaid, J 10. — Until such Division and Allotment the Tythes shall remain payable, §12."

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Heaths, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands within the several Parishes of Somerleytoiiy Blundtjloney and Loundy in the County of Suffolk. (q. P.)

[1 ithy//^ 1803.]

XXV.' And be it further enacted, That the said John Love and Norton Nicholls, Redors of the said several Payments for Parishes of Somcrleyton, Bhmdejlony and Lound aforesaid, and their Successors, Redors of the said several Pa- Great and riflies for the Time being respectively, shall be and they are hereby respectively empowered to afle, demand, Small Tythe file for, recover, and receive, of and from every Occupier, Owner, or Proprietor of the several Allotments to' be made by virtue of this Act, from which they shall be respectively entitled to receive Tythes, for, in lieu, Years shall be and full Satisfaction of, all the Great and Small Tythes which shall yearly arise, renew, inerease, or be pro- settled 1 y the duced in and upon such Allotments respectively, in the first six Years next after the same shall be inclosed, or t!ic Commit-the Award of the said Commissioners shall be made, such Sum and Sums of Money annually, and no more, as ^°ner* the said Commissioners shall in and' by their said Award, or some other Instrumer.t or Schedule under their Hands, order, direct, or appoint to be paid, for or in respect of such Tythes respectively; and from and after the Expiration of the said six Years, the said Redors respectively for the Time being, shall be entitled to receive and take in Kind all and all Manner of Great and Small Tythes arising or coming or which shall arise or come 7 O 2 off

Annual Payments for the Tythes of the old Inclosures in certain Cases.

Definition for Modules, Ice.

Tyihc Allotment* shall be Undivided axung the re-(^edlive Owners by the Commis-(woert.

dxxviii__________lwmii. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

off or from the same Allotments from which they shall be respe6Uvely entitled t» receive Tythes as aforesaid, And every or any of them.

u This Act contains an Allotment for Fuel, See. for the Poor, §19."

Cap. lxsix.

An Act for dividing, allotting* and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common Pasture, Common and Waffe Lands within the Township of Middleton in the Parish of Middleton, in the Lift Riding of the County of York. (q. £.) [11th June 1803.]

" Commissioners empowered to make Allotment in lieu of Great and Small Tythes, in certain Proportions

" specified, §12."

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case there are any Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, Or ancient m-dosed Lands and Grounds, in the Township of Middleton aforesaid, subject or liable to the Payment of Tythes in kind, or to any Composition in lieu of Tythes, the respective Proprietors whereof shall hot happen to be entitled to any of a fulfecient speciftc Allotment of Land to make Compensation for the Tythes, or any Rent or Composition payable out of such Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, or ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds respectively in lieu of Tythes, such Proprietors shall respectively pay or cause to be paid unto the said Edward Brearey and his Successors Rectors as aforesaid, such Sum or Sums of Money as fhafi in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be a full Compertfation and Satisfaction for the Tythes or other Payments issuing or payable out of such Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, and ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds respectively, or for such Part thereof for which a Compensation in Land canftot be made by the Proprietors thereof as aforesaid; and the same Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid to the said Edward Brearey and his Successors, in such Proportions and Manner and at such Times as they the said Commissioners shall direct, by even Half-yearly Payments in each Year for evtr.

n Said Tythe-Rent recoverable by Distress, §14."

Cap. lxxx.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waffe Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Clifford, in the West Riding of the County of York. {q. P.) [ 1 ith June 1803*2

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for dividirig, allotting, and inclosing the Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waffe Grounds within tfhe Liberty of WofmhilU in the Parish of TidefwelU in the County of Derby, (q. P.) [11th June 1803.] u Allotment to his Majesty in lieu of Chief Rents, Quit Rents, Feefarm Rents, or other diy or uiumprove-" dble Rents within the Liberty of JVormbill and Paruh of Tideswell, §8. Saving as to Right of Mining, «$ 24."

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and otherwise improving several Comtmdns, Moors, or Waffe* within the Manor of Alfldn> otherwise Alston Moor and Carragiu in the Parish of Aljfan and County of Cumberland, (q. P.) [1 Ith June 1803.]

Cap. hcxxiii.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pafthres, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish of CaJUe Bytbam in the County of Lincoln, (q. P.) -

[11th June 1803.]

H Commissioners empowered to make Allotments in lieu of Tithes in certain Proportions specified, J 16."

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, are held discharged of Tythes, or are subject to a Modus in lieu thereof, the Owner or Owners of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be entitled to such Share and Proportion of the Tythe Allotments, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be equal in Value to such Tythes, or the Difference in Value between the fame, and the Modus in lien thereof; and the said Commissioners shall make a Deduction from the same Tythe Allotment accordingly in Favour of such Owners or Proprietors: Provided Always, that if any Tythe Owner, or other Person or Persons, shall be dissatisfied respecting the Appropriation of the Lands to be set out in lieu of the Tythes of any Allotment or Allotments to be made in respect of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held discharged of Tythes, or liable only to a Modus in lieu thereof, Or with any Determination respecting the fame, it shall be lawful for such Tytne Owner, or other Person or Persons, to try his, her, or their Right to any such Lands so to be set out in lien of Tythes as aforesaid, by a feigned Issue, to be had in such and the same Manner, and within such and the same Time, as is herein-before directed with respect to other Issues to be had and taken under the Authority of this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Allotments and Parcels of Land so to be set out and allotted in respect of Tythes as aforesaid, shall be divided, allotted, and apportioned by the said Commissioners, unto and amongst the said Dean and Chapter, and their Lessee, and the Vicar of Cqftlc Bytbam reflectively, and the several Owners of Lands and Grounds held discharged of Tythes, or subject to a Modus in Heu thereof, according to their several and respective Estates, Rights, Shares, and Intertfts therein, and shall be accepted by the said Impropriators and Vicars, in lieu and foil Bar and Satisfaction, Compensation and

Discharge,

4

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C.lxxxiii. — lxxxvi.

Discharge, of and for all and all Manner of Tythes, both Great and Small, Modules, Compositions, and other Payments whatsoever in lieu of Tythes, anting, growing, renewing, increasing, appertaining, or due or payable to them respectively, from, out, or in respect of, all and every or any Messuages, Cottages, Tofts, Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, ancient Inclosures, inclosed Grounds, Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, Woods, Wood Grounds, Common and Waste Lands, and all other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, in Castle Bytham, Counthorpe, and Holywell aforesaid, or either of them [E after Offerings, Mortuaries, and Surplice Fees only excepted); and that all such Tythes, Modufe9, Compositions, and other Payments in lieu of Tythes, shall, immediately from and after the making and setting out the Allotment and Allotments in lieu and Satisfaction thereof, or at such other Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall, by any Writing under their Hands, or by their Award, direct! and appoint, cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Owner or Owners of any Messuages, Cottages, Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, or inclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Castle Bytham aforesaid (except as far as respect3 the said Hamlets or Places of Counthorpe and Holywell), shall not be entitled, upon the aforesaid Division and Inclosure, to a sufficient Quantity of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted to exonerate their old Inclosures from Tythes, then and in such Case the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to charge the respective Owners thereof with such Sum and Sums of Money, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be a just and full Compensation and Satisfaction for the Fee Simple of the Tythes thereof respectively; and such Sum and Sums of Money shall be paid to the said Commissioners, and be by them applied towards defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act; and in case of Nonwpayment thereof at the Time appointed for Payment thereof, the same shall be levied in such Manner as is provided for raising and levying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act.

Tenants for Life, tuV. empowered to charge their Estates with Money paid for Exoneration from Tythes, 44 §23. The Allotments in lieu of Tythes to be Ring-fenced by the other Proprietors, §24."

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands within the Parishes of Great Kimble, Little Kimble, and Ellsjborough in the County of Buckingham, (q. P.) £ilth June 1803.]

M Commissioners empowered to make Allotments for Tithes, §18 — 27."

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Liljlock in the County of Somerfrt. (q. P.) |[ 1 rth 1803.]

Commissioners empowered to make Allotment to the Vicar in lieu of Tithes, §12. — 14."

XV. 4 And whereas the said Edward Palmer and his Successors will be put to considerable Expence in making the Subdivision Fences, and otherwise improving the Allotment herein directed to be made to him as Vicar as aforesaid, and it is therefore expedient that the said Edward Palmer and his Successors should be empowered to borrow a sufficient Sum of Money for that Purpose, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Edward Palmer and his Successors Vicars as aforesaid, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, and attested by two or more credible Witnesses, by and with the Consent of the Bishop of Bath and Wells, and the Patrons of the said Vicarage for the Time being, to charge the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Vicarage, or any Part thereof, with such Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of one hundred Pounds, as the said Commissioners shall think proper, and for securing the Repayment thereof with Interest, to grant, mortgage, lease, or demise the said Glebe Lands, or any Part thereof, to such Person or Persons who shall advance and lend the fame, and to his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for any Term or Number of Years; so as every such Grant or Demise be made with a Proviso or Condition to cease and be void, or with an express Trust to be surrendered when such Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be secured as aforesaid, with Interest thereof, shall be fully paid and satisfied, and also with another Proviso or Condition that the said Edward Palmer and his Successors Vicars as aforesaid for the Time being, shall, at the End of every Year from the making of such Grant or Demise, pay to the Person or Persons to whom such Grant or Demise shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, One-twentieth Part of the Principal Money so to be borrowed, until the Whole thereof shall be paid off and discharged, and pay and keep down the Interest of the Money so to be borrowed in such a Manner that no future Vicar or Vicars of the said Parish becoming possessed of such Glebe Lands, shall be subject or liable to pay any further or larger Share of such Money than his or their Proportion thereof according to such last mentioned Proviso or Condition, or any Interest for the fame, save only from the Day of the Death, Resignation, or Cefiion of the Predecessor of such future Vicar or Vicars respectively.

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common and Waste Land, lying within the Manors of Hartshill and Anjley, in the Parishet of Maucetttr and AnJUy^ in the County of Warwick, (q. P.)

[uth June 1803.]

Cap.

1205

Proprietor? of old imHofed Lands to pay a Satisfaction for Tythes.

Vicar empowered to borrow Money.

[See 13 G. 3. c. 28. 29 G. 3. m 43* 4* G. j. (l\ A'.) c. li.J

Punishment of

P*ifons wilfully damaging the Works of the Harbour. Felony, &c.

41 G. 3. (U. AT.) c. liv.

27 G. 3. c. 93.

9 G. 3.C. 65. 29 G. 3. c. S3.

33 G. 2. c. 42. ondf.-e 22, G. 3. c. 104.

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act for the further Improvement of the Harbours of the Town of Greenock, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[1 ith June 1803.]

[ Tonnage Duty granted on Ships and Goods for Use of Dry Dock Warehouses,

Cap. lxxxviii.

An Act for repairing, enlarging, and improving, the Pier and Quay within the Port or Harbour of Torquay in the County of Devon.

[24th June 1803.]

[Duties granted on Ships, Boats, and Goods.']

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously demolish o* break down, destroy, or set on Fire any Pier, Quay, Wharf, Store House, or any other Building or Work to be constructed, erected, or made, altered or repaired under the Authority of this Act, every Person or Persons so offending shall be subject and liable to the like Punishment and Penalties as in Cases of Felony, and the Court by or before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall and may, and they have herety Power and Authority to cause such Person and Persone to be punished in like Manner as Felons arc directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court mayj if they think (it, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

Cap. lxxxix.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the forty-first Year of his present Majesty, for building a Pier at Sheerness in the Isle of Sheppy, in the County of Kent, and for other Purposes, as authorizes the taking or carrying away any Gravel, Stones, Ballad, Sand, or other Materials from the Sea Beach, belonging to William Alston, Lord of the Manor of Minfler in the said Isle of Sheppyt without paying any Thing for the same.

[24th June 1803.]

Cap. xc.

An Act for paving, lighting, watching, and improving the Town of Bradford, and Part of the Hamlet of, Little Horton a^oining thereto, in the County of York, and for removing and preventing all NuiCancos therein.

[24th Jun* 1803.]

Cap. xci.

An Act to establish a Chapel of EafcatB right belmfen in the County of Sussex.

[24 June 1803.]

w No Marriages or Burials allowed in the Chapel — Baptisings and Churchings of Women allowed, §8."

Cap. xcii.

Ati Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the London Turnpike Road near the South or upper End of Harwell Town in the Parish of Harwell, in the County of Berks, to the Turnpike Road near the Village of Slreatley, in the said County [24th June 1803.]

Cap. xciii.

An Act to continue (£1 the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending the Roads from the City of Chester to the Woodjide Ferry in the County of Chester, and other Roads therein mentioned.

[24th June 1803.]

[New Tolls granted.]

Cap. xciv.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the ninth and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads from the End of the County of Stafford, through Nantwich, to the City of Chester, (o far as the said Acts relate to the first District of Roads. [New Tolls granted.] [24th June 1803.]

Cap. xcv.

An Act for further continuing (h) the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Ha/e- worthy in the Parish of Davidstow in the County of Cornwall, to the Last End of Wadebridge, and from the West End-of Wadebridge into and through the Borough of Mitchell in the said County [24th June 1803.]

[New Tolls granted.]

Cap. xcvi.

An Act for making and repairing (£) the Road from Greenock to Kelley Bridge in the County of Renfrew, and a Road branching out of the lame to Ailly Miln, in the same County.

[24th June 1803.]

Cap. xcvii.

An Act for vefttng the Manor af>d Estate of Ratcliff upon IVreke in the County of Leicfler (Part of the settled Estates of Robert Earl Ferrers), in a Trustee to be sold, and for applying the Purchase Money in Discharge of an Incumbrance affecting the Whole of the said settled Estates. (q. P.) [24th June 1803.]

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C.xcviii — ci.

Cap. xcviii.

An Act to confirm a Lease granted by the Trustees of a Power in a Settlement, made by the Right Honourable Charles late Lord Southampton deceased, and Ann Lady Southampton, to the Governor and Company of the New River, and for other Purposes. (q. P.) [24th June 1803.]

Cap. xcix.

An Act for effecting certain Exchanges between the Right Honourable William Viscount Lowther, and the respective Deviseea under the Wills of Sir William Lowther Baronet, and the Right Honourable James late Earl of Lonsdale. (q. P.) [24th June 1803.]

Cap. c.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Richard Langley Esquire, in Trustees to be sold, subject to the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, and for applying Part of the Purchase Monies in paying off Incumbrances, and in reimbursing to him the Expences of Improvements already made, and also in reim-burfing to him the Expences of future Improvements, when the Amount shall have been ascertained, under the Direction of the said Court, and for laying out the Residue of the Purchase Monies, under the Direction of that Court, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former Uses. (q. P.) [24th June 1^03.]

Cap. ci.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the Manor of AUerton By water in the Parish of Kippax, in the West Riding of the County of York, (q. P.)

[24th June 1803.]

WHEREAS there are within the Manor of AUerton By water, in the Parish of Kippax, in the Well«\ 7 Riding of the County of York, feycral Open Arable Fields, Common Stinted Pastures, Ings, Com-

«, and Waste Grounds, containing by Estimation eight hundred and ninety Acres or thereabouts: And whereas James Fox Esquire, is Lord of the said Manor of Allerton Bywater, and Owner of the Soil of all the ( said Commons and Waste Grounds, and entitled to all the Royalties belonging to the said Manor: And < whereas the Right Honourable John Earl Mexborough is Owner and Impropriator of all the Tithes of Com, '« Grain, and Hay over the Whole of the said Manor, save and except the Tithes of certain Lands in the West«Fi chmere Field, and other Lands of the said James Fox, two third Parts of which Tithes belong

1 to 7 n u Bland Davison Bland Esquire; and also save and except the Tithes of the old Inclosures of the t said 7'homas Bland Davison Bland, called Brigjbaw Farm, and certain Parcels of Land, called the Park Oui-f cajls, and so much of Kippax Pari as lies within the Township of Allerton By water; the same or certain Parts« thereof being free from the said Tithes, or some or one of them: And whereas the King's most Excellent Majesty, in Right of his Crown, is Patron of the Vicarage of Kippax aforesaid, and the Revereod Utiles \ Atkinson Clerk, as Vicar thereof, is entitled to the Titles of Fla:; , Hemp, Rape, Turnips, Potatoes, and \ other small Tithes and Easier Offerings within the said Manor and Township, save and except the Tithe of Wool and Lamb, to which John late of Cowick, in the Parish of Snaith in the said County, Miller, is enti-\ titled over the Whole of the said Township, except over the old Inclosures of the said Thomas Bland Davison c Bland, which are claimed by him as free from the said Tithe* Commissioners appointed, $ 1, iPc."

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and he is authorized and required, in the

next Place*, to set out in one or more Plot or Plots, Parcel or Parcels of Ground, such Part, Share, and Proportion of the Residue of the said Open Fields, Common Stinted Padures, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to he divided and inclosed, as (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered), shall be equal in Value to one full seventh Part of all the tythcable Lands in the said Open Fields, Common Stinted Failures, Ings, Commons, Waste Grounds, and ancient Inclosures within the said Manor (he the said Comn iioner fu .1 making such Allowance thereout to the said Thomas Bland Davison Bland, his Heirs and Assigns, for such of his Lands as are free from Tithe, as in the Judgment of the fai 1 »er shall be just and

equitable, ) for and in lieu of and as a Compensation for, all and all Manner of Tithes, as well Great as Small, and all other Ecclesiastical Dues and Easter Offerings issuing, arising, or renewing out of all and every the Messuages and Cottages, Open FLIds, Common Stinted Pastures, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, a d ancient Inclosures within the said Manor of AUerton By water, or the titheable Places thereof; which said last mentioned Allotment shall be taken and deducted from and out of the respective Shares of the said Open Fields, Common Stinted Pastures, Ings, or Commons, or Waste Grounds bel to the several Persons

whose Messuages, Cottages, and Lands shall be exonerated from the said Tithe \ i ich Manner as hereinal mentioned; (that is to lay), such Allotment or Allotments as shall be set out in lieu or in respect of the Tithes of the said Open Fields, shall be allotted and awarded by the said Commissioner, from the Lands of 11: e said respective Proprietors in the said Open Fields; such Allotment or Allotments as shall be set out in lieu or ifr respect of the Tithes of the said Common Stinted Pastures and Ings, shall be allotted and awarded by the said Commissioner from the Lands of the respective Proprietors in the said Pastures and Ings; and such Allotment or Allotments as shall be set out in lieu or in respect of the Tithes of the said C< mm< ns or Wastes, Messuages, Cottages, and ancient Inclosures, shall be allotted and awarded from the Share or Shares of such re'pecUve Proprietors in the said Commons or Wailes.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Land to be taken for such Tithes and Right of Average (if any), due from his Majesty in Right of the said Duchy, shall confitt of the following Parcels of Ground

*3 videlicet,

1207

Lord of the Manor.

Impropriator.

The King Patron.

Allotments in lieu of TitlwM.[ After Allotments to the l.ord of the

Defer it the Lain!* to i e taken for Tiihcv due lro.n ins

Majesty, in Right of the Duchy cf Lancaster.

Vicar's Tithes to be valued.

Allotment for Vicarial Tithes.

Allotment to Mr. Bland for his Tithes.

Allotment in lieu of Tithes of Wool and Lamb.

Allotment of the Kefidueof the yth Part to be*set out for Tithes.

Rents to be settled in lieu of T ithes of old Inclosures where the Owners have not Lands in the Open Fields and JngS or Commons or Walles.

vrnrlicrt, the Gateacre, demifal by Indenture of Lease under the Duchy Seal, dated the ninth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, to certain Trustees for the Air and Calder Navigation; and also of a certain Piece of Land, Part of the said Inga, lying on the well Side of the Highway leading front Abberford to Castleford, and North of the new Cut or Canal; and the Residue (if any) shall consist of the Lands lying on the well Side of the said Highway and South of the said new Cut or Canal, to go parallel with and adjoin to the said Canal; which said two several last mentioned Pieces or Parcels of Land form Part of a certain Piece or Parcel of Ground in the said Ings, containing nineteen Acres three Roods and five Perches, demised by Indenture of Lease under the Duchy Seal, bearing Date the nineteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred, to John Bagnail Esquire; and that the said Commissioner shall set out and award to and for the Use of the said John Bagnall, during the Term to come in his faicLLeafe, from the other Lands belonging to his Majesty, in Demise to the said Trustees as aforesaid, such Quantity of Land as shall be fully adequate to the Value of the Lands taken from the said John Bagnail as aforesaid, to exonerate the Lands demised to the said Trustees from the Tithes and Average as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and may, and he is hereby authorized and required, in the next Place, to make a jud and fair Edimate of the true Value (one Year with another) of 11 the before-mentioned Vicarial Tithes (Surplice Fees, Easter Offerings, and Mortuaries only excepted), arising, becoming due, or payable for all Times to come, out of, for, or in respect of any Messuages, Cottages, Latypb Tenements, and Hereditaments, or otherwise, within the Manor of Allerton By water aforesaid; and such Valuation and Edimate being so made and perfe£led, the said Commissioner is hereby authorized and required fairly and impartially, according to the bed of his Skill and Judgment, to set out, award, and allot unto the said Mike Atk'mfon and his Successors, Vicars of the said Parish of Ktppax aforesaid, from and out of the seventh Part herein-before directed to be made and set out for Tithes as aforesaid, such Plot or Plots, Parcel or Parcels of Ground as (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered) shall, in the Judgment of the said Commissioner, be a full and adequate Compensation for such Vicarial Tithes as aforesaid: Provided always, that the said Vicar shall, over and besides the Allotment herein-before directed to be made to him, be entitled to the Surplice Fees, Easter Offerings, and Mortuaries, as before the passing of this Act

XIV. And be it further ena&ea, That the said Commissioner shall, in the next Place, set out, allot, and award, unto and for the said Thomas Bland Davifim Bland, from and out of the said seventh Part herein-before dtrefled to be made and set out for Tithes as aforesaid, in one or more Plot or Plots, and in such Place of Places as the said Commissioner shall think most proper and convenient, such Allotment or Allotments as (hiQ in the Judgment of the said Commissioner be a lull, just, and adequate Compensation and Satisfaction to thp said shomas Bland DaviJon Bland, for or in lieu of his Part, Share, and Proportion or Parts, Shares, and Proportions of the said Great Tithes; and shall also set out, allot, and award unto and for the said John Tate, from and out of the said seventh Part herein-before directed to be made and set out for Tithes as aforesaid, such Plojt or Plots, Parcel or Parcels of Ground, as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioner be a full, just, and adequate Compensation and Satisfaction to the said John Tate9 for and in lieu of the Tithe of Wool and Lamb within the said Manor of Allerton Bywater aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby authorized and required to set out, allot, and award the 'Residue and Remainder of the said seventh Part herein-before directed to bf made and set out for Tithes as aforesaid, unto and for the said John Earl of Mexborough9 his Heirs and Assigns, in such Allotment or Allotments as the said Commissioner shall think most proper and convenient, for and ip lieu of and in full Recompence and Satisfaction for the said John Earl of Mexlorougby % Part, Share, and Proportion, or Parts, Shares, and Proportions of the said Great Tithes, and all other Tithes due to him withip the said Manor, or the titheable Places thereof 5 but in case any of the said Owners or Proprietors shall not be entitled to Lands in the said Commons or Wailes, sufficient to exonerate his, her, or their ancient Inclosurea from Tithes as before mentioned, then and in such Case the Residue and Remainder of the Compensation for such Tithes shall be taken and deducted from the Lands of such Owners or Proprietors in the said Open Fields, and if that shall prove insufficient for such Exoneration, then the same shall be taken and deduced from the Lands belonging to the said Owners or Proprietors in the said Common Stinted Pastures or Ings; and that in case any Owner or Proprietors of ancient Inclosures within the said Manor and Township shall not b^ entitled to Lands in the said Open Fields, Common Stinted Pastures, and Ings, or Common Right upon the said Common and Waste Grounds by this Act directed to be divided and inclosed, sufficient to make Compensation for the Tithes of such ancient Inclosures as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby authorized and empowered to ascertain and appoint, by Writing under his Hand, and also in and by his Award, to be made and executed as herein after mentioned, such yearly Rents or Sums of Money to be issuing and payable out of the said ancient Inclosures in lieu of the said respective Tithes, or of such Part thereof for which such Compensation in Land cannot be made as aforesaid, as in the Judgment of the said Commissioner shall be and make up a full Equivalent and Compensation at the Rate and Proportion of one seventh Part in Value of the Lands, the Tithes whereof are to be compensated for by such yearly Rents or Sums of Money; and the said respective Rents or Sums of Money shall be issuing out of the Lands of the several Persons liable to pay the same in the said Manor, and shall be payable as the said Commissioner in and by his Award shall direct, at or upon the twenty-fourth Day of June and the twenty-fifth Day of December, by equal half-yearly Payments in the Year for ever; the first Payment whereof shall be due and be made on the twenty-fourth Day of June next after the flaking out the Allotments, and Notice thereof given by the said Commissioner; and the Person or Persons to wfhom such yearly Rents or Sums of Money shall be due and payable, and their respective Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, shall and may at all Times after the (Inking out of the said Allotments have and exercise such and the like Remedies and Powers by Distress and Entry or otherwise, for recovering the said yearly Rents so to be ascertained and appointed to be paid as aforesaid, when the fame

*9shall

A.D. 180j. 43° GEORGII III. C.ci — cvii.

shall be in Arrear, as by the Laws now in Force are provided and given to Landlocds for the Recovery of Rack. Rents in Arrear*

" Commissionrera shall transmit Ext rad of so much of Award as relates to ftus Majesty's Allotment to the Clerk " of the Duchy, §31."

Cap. cii.

An Act for inclosing the Commonable Lands within the Manor and Township of Potter Newton cum Gibton in the Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York. (q. P.) £2q.sch Jude 1803.]

4t Allotment to his Majesty on account of his Property in 67 Acres 2 Roods, in Right of Duchy of Lanca/len u §7. Extract of Award shall be transmitted to Clerk of the Council of the Duchy, $ io.,

Cap. ciit.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the several Parishes of Penrith, Edenhall, Salkeld other wise Great Salkeld, Laxonly, Hejlett, Wether al, Hutton, and Newton, the Township of Middlefceugh, and Braithwaite, in the Parish of Saint Mary Carlisle, and the Township of Rdughton and Gaitfgi!l, w\<\ Ivegill in the Parish of Dalflon in the Honour of Ptnrith, and the Fotest of fnglozvood, or in one of them, in the County of Cumberland, (q. P. p.) [24th June 1803.]

Cap. civ.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township bf Kirk Ireton in the Parish of Kirh Iitton, and of Callow in the Parish of IVirhsworth, in the County of Dolby, {q. P. p.) [24th June 1803.]

Allotment to his Majesty as Lord of the Manor of Wtrkfworlh in Right of his Duchy of Lancaster, and his €i Lessee, §17 — 19. Extract of Award shall be transcribed to Clerk of the Council of the Duchy, §35."

Cap. cv.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Lands in the Township of Hatton, in the Parish of Runcorn, in the County Palatine of Chester. (q. P.) [24th June 1803.]

u Allotment'to his Majesty as Lord of the Manor and Fee of Hatton, in Right of his Duchy of Lancaster, f 13.

" Award shall be enrolled in Duchy Court of Lancaster at Westminster, §20."

Cap. cvi.

An Act to extend the Provisions of two Acts, passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth, and in the forty-first 39 & Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes, c. 66. and preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof, to, and to alter and amend 41 G. the lame as to the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and Liberties thereof, and c. 53* all Places within fifteen Miles of the Royal Exchange of the said City of London.

[4th July 1803.]

4< Acts 39 and 40 G. 3. r.66. and 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 53. recited, and extended to London, tffc. (as in 46 Title), §1. All Hides within five Miles of Royal Exchange shall be brought to Leadenhall; Sheep 4< and Lamb Skins to one of the three Sheep Skin Markets, §2. Places and Hours for Inspection shall be appointed for Towns, &c. beyond such five Miles Distance within three Months after the passing Ad; but " Butchers at any Distance within the fifteen Miles may bring Skins, &c. to Leadenhall or other Markets, on 4< giving Notice, 5 3- Eight Inspectors shall be annually appointed for Leadenhall Market; viz. four by the " Butchers Company, two by the Curriers, and two by the Cordwainers. — At the Sheep Market, four Inspectors at Wood's Close, two at Southwark, and two at Whitechapel, to be appointed by the said Companies in like Proportions, §4. Number of Inspectors may be increased in like Proportion, and the.Companies may regulate their Conduct, §5. Iiifpedors* Oaths shall be administered by the Lord Mayor; their " Duty and Fees, §6. Inspectors shall attend regularly on Market Day3, &c. $ 7. Inspectors may' levy whole Penalty without Reference to Magistrate, subject to Arbitration only, { 8. Inspectors shall keep Accounts, §9. Distribution of Fines and Fees, §10. Penalty on impeding Inspectors, y/. to ior., f 11.

Penalty on Inspector taking, and Persons offering Bribes, not exceeding 20l. — Inlpcdor shall be dismissed,

" §12. Salesmen shall deliver au Account of Fines, and Servants or Workmen gaftiing Hides shall be liable «c to repay Half to their Mailers, §13. Powder given to Lord Mayor on Representations of the said Companies to increase Fees, §14. Four Arbitrators shall be annually appointed by the said Companies, tt> determine Disputes as to Inspection of Skins, §15. Arbitrators empowered to fine for frivolous Complaints«or vexatious Penalties inflicted, §16. Arbitrators shall keep Accounts, §17. Inspectors and Arbitrators " shall use Dispatch, §18. Buyers and Sellers of Hides not examined and marked liable to Penalty, 20s. to 44 1l. 6d., §19. The said Companies may appoint Treasurers to receive Fines, &c., §20. If Inspectora or Arbitrators are not appointed by the proper Company, the other Companies may appoint, $21. Publick " Ad, 3 22."

Cap. cvii.

An Act for raising and securing a Fund for making Provision for the Widows of the Writers to his Majesty

Signet in Scetlmd. i[4th July 1803.]

43 Geo. III.

r*

Cap.

1209

*0 G. 3.

3. (wr.)

1210 C. cviii. — cxvii.

43 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1803.

# 30, 0001.

36 G. 3. c. 47.

G. 3* c. 76.

21 G. 3. c. 10*.

Cap. cviii.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Dorset and Somerset Canal Navigation to raise a farther Sum of Money* towards completing the said Canal, and for altering and amending an Act, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation.

[4th 7ub 1803.]

Cap. cix.

An Act to continue (3) the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed for amending and widening the Road leading from the High Post Road near the Town of Faversham, to the Town and Port of Hythe, and from Bacon*x Water to Holy Lave, in Wincheap, near the City 01Canterbury in the County of Kent.

[4th July 1803.!

[.Additional Tolls granted.]

Cap. cx.

G 2 c 9°* ^n ^or continu^n£ W ^e Term, and consolidating into one Act, several Acts relating to the Road from

6 g. 3^82?* Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and for making and repairing the Road therein mentioned.

[4th July 1803.] Z7 G. 3. c. 8*3., [ Repealed as to this Road.3

Cap. cxi.

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair (d), the Road leading from the Town of Kingston-upon- Thames in the County of Surrey, to a Plane called Sheet bridge, near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton.

[4th July 1803.]

[Former Acts 22 G. 2. c. 35. 8 G. 3. c. 56. 32 G. 3. c. 119. repealed.]

28 G. 19 G.

2. c. 35. 3- c. 86.

Cap. cxii.

An Act for enlarging the Term (b), and altering the Powers of two Acts, made in the twenty-eighth. Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bury in the County of Huntingdon, to a House called the Spread Eagle, in Stratton In the County of BedfordL [4th July 1803.]

Cap. cxiii.

An Act for enabling Trustees therein named to concur, on the Part of the Devisees in the Will of Mary Foord, late of Stockton in the County of York, Widow, one of the three Sifters and Coheirefles of John Agar, late of Stockton aforesaid, Esquire, and Serjeant at Law, with the other Persons interested in making a Partition* by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Court of Chancery, of the Freehold and of Estate of the said John Agar. (q. P.) [4th July 1803.]

Cap. cxiv.

An Act for effecting the Sale of the Mansion House and Grounds late of John Cornwall Esquire, deceased, situate in the Parish of Hendon, in the County of Middlesex, and for investing the Purchase Money, under the

' Direction of the Court of Chancery, in another Eft ate to be settled to the same Uses. (q. P.)

C+th July 1803.]

Cap. cxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Whitwick, and Township or Liberties of Thrmgstone and Pegg's Green, in the Parish of Whit wick in the County of Leicester. (q. P.) [4th July 1803.]

[Commissioners empowered to make Allotments in Compensation of all Tythes.]

Cap. cxvi.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons, MofTes, and Waste Gvounds, within the Parish of Heversham, in the County of Westmorland. (q. P.) [4th July 1803.]

Commissioners empowered to make Allotments in Compensation of all Tithes, § n — 14* His Majesty being in Right of his Crown one of the Lords of the Manor or Township of Crqfthwaite with Lith, in Lease to Lord Lowther. — Commissioners empowered to make Allotments according to the several Rights of the Lords and their Lessees, §17. Extract of Award so far as relates to his Majesty's Allotment shall be sent to Surveyor General of the Land Revenue, §33."]

Cap. cxvii.

An Act for erecting a new Church to be called Christ Church, it the Town of Birmingham, irv the County of Warwick, and for providing a Maintenance and Residence for the Minister or Perpetual Curate thereof

[5th>/jri8o3J

WHEREAS the Town of Birmingham is very large and populous, and the Inhabitants, particularly 4 , the Artificers and Handicraftsmen, have of late Years greatly increased; and in the said Town there are only two Churches and three small Chapels, which are not sufficiently large to contain the Inhabitants rcsorting thither for the Purpose of Divine Worship: And whereas certain Inhabitants of the said Town, with the Consent and Approbation of the Bishop of the Diocese, are desirous at their own Expence and Charge, and at the Charge or other pious and well-disposed Persons who shall contribute to the fame, to have a new Church erected in the said Town, to be consecrated and used for the publick Worship of Almighty God,

and for the better Instruction of the People inhabiting and to inhabit therein, in the true Religion now used

4 in

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. C. cxvii.

1 in the Church of England, and established by the Laws bf this Realm; and are also desirous to purchase or ereEl

a convenient House, fit for the Residence of the Minister or Perpetual Curate who for the Time being miy

be appointed to officiate in the said Church: And whereas William Phillips Inge Esquire, being desirous of 1 promoting so- pious a Design, dias voluntarily offered to convey two thousand one hundred and sixty square

Yards of Freehold Ground, in the most convenient and desirable Part of the Parish of Saint Philip in the said

Town, now under Lease to John Hawkesjord\ and his Under-tenants or Assigns, fourteen Years of which

Lease were unexpired at Lady-day last, for the Purpose of erecting thereon such new Church, provided a fair Compensation be made to the Lt flees and Tenants thereof for the Loss or Losses which he or they may

respectively sustain by being deprived of the Benefit and Advantage of the said Piece of Ground, and the

Houses and Buildings thereon erected and being, for the Remainder of his or their Terms therein; which Compensation the Subscribers to the said new Church are willing and desirous should be made: And whereas the Lord Bishop of Litchfield and Coventry, in whose Diocese the Town of Birmingham is situated, being desirous also of promoting so good and pious a Work, and for the better Maintenance and Support of a resident

Minister or Perpetual Curate to officiate in such new Church, is willing to annex a Prebend of the Cathedral

Church of Lichfield in the City of Lichfield\ to such new Church: And whereas the said William Phillips Inge, c and the several Subscribers to the said pious Undertaking, have proposed and agreed, as far as in them lies, % that the Right of Presentation to the said new Church so intended to be erected as aforesaid, shall be veiled f in the said Lord Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry, and his Successors, Bishops of the said Bishoprick, for

ever; but the same cannot be effectually done, or the said several other Matters be carried into Execution, so

as to answer the Intentions of the Parties interested therein, without the Aid and Authority of an Act of Parliament : May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, <yc,

u The Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry empowered to assist Commissioners for erecting the Church, and providing a Parsonage House, whose Powers shall cease 12 Months after such Ertftion, &c. is completed, " §1, 2, ifc."

XIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the said new Church shall be erected, built, and finished, and in the Judgment of the Lord Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry for the Time being, made fit for the Performance of Divine Service therein, it shall be lawful for the said Bishop, antipbe is hereby authorized and required to consecrate the fame, and after such Consecration, the same shall be and be deemed a Perpetual Cure, and shall he called and distinguished by the Name of Christ Church in Birmingham for ever; and that it shall be lawful for the said Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry, or his Sticcessors, immediately after the said Church shall be consecrated, to nominate, appoint, and licence a Minister or Perpetual Curate to the said Church, duly qualified according to Law, to officiate and perform Divine Service therein; and the Minister or Perpetual Curate of the said new Church for the Time being, shall be deemed and taken by virtue of this Act to be incorporated and made one Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of The Minister or Perpetual Curate of Christ Church in Birmingham in the County of Warwick, and by that Name shall have perpetual Suo-ceifion, and shall sue and be sued in all Courts of the Realm, and shall and may purchase, receive or take, upon any Donation, Gift, or Conveyance, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to him and his Successors, Ministers, or Perpetual Curates of the said new Church, for ever, not exceeding the yearly Value of two hundred Pounds over and above what is settled on the Minister or Perpetual Curate and his Successors, by this Act, the Statute of Mortmain or any other Law or Statute whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said new Church, together with the House to be provided for the Residence of the Minister or Perpetual Curate of such new Church as herein-before mentioned, shall be vested in the Minister or Perpetual Curate for the Time being, and his Successors, Ministers or Perpetual Curates of the said new Church, for ever, in the same Manner as the Freehold and Inheritance of a Parish Church and Parsonage House, are, by the Laws of this Realm, vested in the Incumbent thereof; and the new Church* and the Ministers or said Perpetual Carates thereof for the Time being, as also the Persons who shall act as the Churchwardens thereof, shall be under and subject in all Respects to the ordinary Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction by Law established.

XIV. And be it further etiafted, That the Advowson, Right of Patronage, and Nomination, and of licensing a Minister or Perpetual Curate to the said new Church, shall appertain and belong to and be hereby vested in the Lord Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry for the Time being, and his Successors for ever; and that for the better Livelihood and Maintenance of the Minister or Perpetual Curate of the fa; d new Church, the Prebend of Tachbrooke founded in the Cathedral Church of Lichfield, whenever it shall become void, shall be conferred by the said Bishop for the Time being on such Person as shall then be Minister or Perpetual Curate of the said new Church, and that the said Bishop shall collate him to it, and Possession shall be given him of it in such Form and Manner as is usual, and under such Conditions as the Statutes of the said Cathedral Church shall require, to have and to hold the same so long as he shall continue Minister or Perpetual Curate of the said new Church in Birmingham, and no longer; and whenever by his Death, or by any other Means whatsoever, the said new Church shall become void, the said Prebend also shall become void, to the Intent that the said Prebend shall be always annexed to, united, andholden with the said new Church for ever; and the succeeding and every fucceiding Minister or Perpetual Curate of the said new Church, shall be collated to the said Prebend, and i aft ailed into it as usual, under the Obligation of all Duties, Burthens, and Charges, to which the said Prebend is or may hereafter be subjected by the Statutes of the said Cathedral Church: Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, that nothing in this Act contained shall in any fort extend to alter the Estate or Interest of the present Prebendary of Tachbrooke in the said Prebend, but that he may let any Lease or Leases as heretofore has beeen usual 5 the same not being contrary to the Laws and Statutes of the Realm respecting the Leases of Corporations Sole.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Minister or Perpetual Curate of the said new Church for the Time being, ffialj rriidc ten Mouths in every Year in the House to be provided for and appropriated to be the

7 P z Residence

12 11

Church shall tie con leer at cd.

Minister thereof shall be appointed by the Bishop of Litchfield and Coventry.

Empowered to take Lands, bee* not exceeding 200l.

The Church afed Officers shall be subject to the Jurisdiction of the Bishop.

Right of Pre-fciitntion to I e vested in the Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry, nr.d Prebend of Tnehbrooko attached thereto.

Minister shall reside ten Months cveiy Year,

12U

Nothing in this Act shall affect the Rights of Ministers ef certain Churches and Chapels in Birmingham.

4*«0.j.(p.K.) c. cxaxv, in Part repealed.

S Gv 3* c*6o*

JUfidooc© of the bid Mioifter or FerptUud Curatf.; mi i£ bo ball In any Year fail To to rafLde (that it to by) ten Months in any Year, then the bid Church shall be immediately domed to be and be absolutely void* notwithstanding any Pico of Exemption which the said Minister or Perpetual Curate might otherwise fee up, under or by virtue of any general Statute or Law relating to the Kefideoce of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices; and the bid Bibop for the Time being ball without Delay nominate, appoint and licence again* a fit and proper Minister or Perpetual Curate in his Room.

A Clerk shall be appointed by the Minister, §16. Churchwardens shall be chosen by the Minister and* Inhabitants of Birmingham. Church shall be kept in Repair by a general Levy on the Inhabitants of " Birmingham, §18."

XXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained ball extend or be construed to extend to prejudice, impeach, or dfefeat any Right, Title, Interest, Claim, or Demand* of the Redors of either of the Parib Churches, or the Ministers of Saint Bartholomew's Chapel, Saint Paul's Chapelf and Saint, Mary's Chapel, in Birmingham aforesaid, or the Curates or other Officers of the said Churches or Chapels, or their Successors respectively, to any Tythes, Offerings, Surplice Fees, Oblations, Obvenrioos* and other Ecclesiastical Rights, Dues, Fees, Duties, Benefits, or Advantages arising within the said Paribes* and belonging to them or any of them respectively 5 but the said Tythes, Offerings, Surplice Fees, Oblations* Obventions, and other Ecclesiastical Rights, Dues, Fees, Duties, Benefits, and Advantages, ball be paid and payable in the same Manner as they were respectively before the passing of this Act, or would or ought to have been in case this Act had not been made; provided that it ball and may be lawful for the said Minister or Perpetual Curate to visit the Sick, and administer private Baptism to iick Children in danger of Death m any Part of the Town of Birmingham aforesaid*

Cap. cxviii.

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for more effectually draining certain Tracts of Land called Wildmort Fen, and the West ana East Fens in the County of Lincoln, and other Low LqgfIs and Grounds lying contiguous or adjoining thereto.

[5th July 1805.]

Cap. cxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Townbip of Elland cum Greetland\ in the Parib of Halifax, and West Riding of the County of York. (a. P.l [6th July 1803.]

[ Commissioners empowered to nusie Allotments in lieu of Vicarial or Small Tythes.]

Cap. cxx.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Paribes of Saint Nicholas and Saint John in Newport, Saint Peter in Ea/hate, Saint Mary le Wtgford, Saint Martin and Saint Swithen, in the City of Lincoln, and in that Part of the Parib of Saint Margaret which lies within the bid City, and for setting out and appropriating certain Lands within the said City, as a common Pasture for the Purposes therein mentioned, fq. P.)

[7th July 1803.2

[Commissioners empowered to make Allotments in lieu of Tithes, with certain Exceptions.

Cap. cxxi.

An Act for explaining, amending, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as relates to iupplying the Inhabitants of Port Glasgow and Newark with Water; to paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Towns; and to repairing and keeping in Repair the Harbour of Port Glasgow; and for erecting a new Court House and Prison, and other necessary publick Buildings in the said Towns.

[11th July 1803.]

[.Additional Rates granted."]

Cap. cxxi.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving (h) the several Roads leading to and from the City of Exeter, and for keeping in Repair Exeter Bridge and Countess Wear Bridge.

[11th July 1803.]

[Forme/A8 13 G. 3. c. 109. repealed.]

Cap. cxxiii.

An Act for inclosing and improving a certain Trad of Common or Waste Land, called Beam Heath, in the Townbip of Alvafon, in the Panb of Ncmtwich, in the County Palatine of Chester. (q. P.)

[11th July 1803.]

Cap. cxxiv.

An Act to authorize the Advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, to be applied in the Improvement of the Port of London, by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled; and to empower the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to purchase the legal Quays between London Bridge and the Tower of London.

[13th July 1803.]

Recital of 39 G. 3. c. lxix. so far as relates to removing and altering Mooring Chains ($ 37.) — to Appointment of Harbour Masters (§ 78.) — to Compensations (tf 121 — 130.) — to Tonnage Duties, ($ 134.) —

and to Advances out of Consolidated Fund {§ 151, 152.) — Ratital of 39, 40 G. 3. c. xlvii. as relates to

M Compensations

C. cxxiv,

1213

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III.

Compensations (§ 101 — 109) — and additional Toll to pay the same (§ 113) — and Compensation for Mooring " Chain (§ 117 — 122.) — Recital of 4.2 G. 3. c. xlix. for advancing farther Sums out of the Consolidated Fund.

And whereas the present Mooring Chains in the Port of London are out of Repair, and in an imperfect

State, and very considerable Sums of Money must therefore necessarily be expended in repairing and altering

the fame: And whereas it is also necessary that new Mooring Chains should be laid down in divers Places within the said Port: And whereas the Rates and Duties granted by the said first recited Act, and the several Sums of Money allowed to be advanced by the said recited Acts out of the said Consolidated Fund, are inadequate to the Purpose of carrying into complete Execution the Provisions of the said Acts, and it is 1 therefore expedient and necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, and for carrying into Execution the Provisions of the said Acts, that Power should be given to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to ' advance, or cause to be advanced, out of the said Consolidated Fund such further Sums of Money as may from Time to Time be requisite for enabling the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council

assembled, under such Inspection and Approbation as aforesaid, to repair and alter the old, and lay down new Mooring Chains in the River Thames, as Occasion shall require; and with the Concurrence of the

Matter, Wardens, and Assistants of the Trinity House aforesaid, and the Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, to carry into Execution such other Improvements in the said Port of London as shall from Time to Time be expedient for the Benefit and Accommodation of the Publick; and that Provision should be made for the Purpose of securing the

Re-payment of such Sums as have been and may be advanced out of the Consolidated Fund, by granting

further Tonnage Rates or Duties, in addition to the Tonnage Rates and Duties granted by the said first

recited Act: And whereas by the said recited Act of the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being were empowered, within the Period of two Years next after the passing of the said Act, to purchase

all or any of the legal Quays, and the Warehouses, Buildings, or other Works annexed thereto, or usually occupied or employed therewith, situate between London Bridge and the Tower of London, or any Part or Parts thereof: And whereas it is expedient that the said Power should be revived and continued, and that the said Lords Commissioners should be required to purchase the said legal Quays within a limited Time: 4 But inasmuch as the Purposes aforesaid cannot be enacted without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; 9 may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, from Time to Time to advance and pay, from and out of all or any of the Duties, Revenues, and Incomes, composing the Fund called The Consolidated Fund, upon the Credit of, and to be replaced to the said Fund by, the Rates and Duties by the first herein-before recited Act and this present Act granted and intended to be granted and made payable to his Majesty, has Heirs and Successors, any such further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the further Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, as shall be necessary and fumcient to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, to defray the necessary Charges and Expences of repairing and altering the present Mooring Chains in the River Thames, as Occasion shall require, and of providing and laying down new or other Mooring Chains in the River Thames, and of carrying into Execution such other Improvements in the said Port of London, according to the Intent and Directioot of the first he rein-before recited Act, as shall from Time to Time be expedient for the Benefit and Accommodation of the Publick, and shall be approved of and concurred in by the Master, Wardens, and AssistanU of the Trinity House aforesaid, and contented to and approved of by the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, such Consent and Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners to be signified by Writing under his or their Hand and Seal or Hand and Seals, and not otherwise, and which further Sum or Sums of Mouey shall be paid into the Chamber of the City of London, from Time to Time as the same shall be wanted for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall be applied and disposed of by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council, afiiembled, in, for* and towards the Purposes aforesaid.

44 §113 of 39 40 G. 3. r. xlvii. empowering Commissioners of Compensations, to impose additional Toll,

repealed, §2. And in lieu of such Tolls, additional Rates or Duties granted, equal and similar to Tonnage Duties under 39 G. 3. c. lxix. §134. and leviable as those Rates, §3."

IV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing in the first herein-before recited Act or this Act contained, (han extend or be construed to extend to subject or charge any Ship or other Vessel entering the Port of London inwards, when in Ballast, or going from the Port of London outwards, when in Ballast, to or with the Payment of any of the Rates or Duties of Tonnage by the said first recited Act or this Act imposed, other than and except the Rates or Duties by the said first recited Act imposed on Shipsor Vessels for or in respect of their actually entering and using the Navigable Canal, or the Docks thereby authorized to be made; but that all Ships and other Vessels, when so entering or going from the Port of London in Ballast, shall, with respect only to such entering inwards in Ballast, or going outwards in Ballast, as the Case shall happen, be wholly freed, exempted, and discharged from all and every the Rates and Duties Imposed by the said first recited Act and this Act, or by either of them, other than and except as aforesaid; any Thing therein or herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

All the Rates and Duties granted by the first recited Act and this Act, charged with the Repayment of the Advances made and to be made out of the Consolidated Fund, §5."

39 &40G.3* c. xlvii. $ 110

Treasury empowered to advance ioo, ooool. out of Consolidated Fund for repairing, and laying down Mooring. Chains, and improving the Navigation of the River Thames.

Ships or Vessels arriving at, or going from the Son of London, in Hallaft, not to be subject to the general Tonnage-Duty.

12 14

A p plication of M >: m*v to l>c } rodi cct] by the I. at*, s and Duties p.anted by the fii fi recited Act .*ud this Act*

'Treasuryeinpmre»ed and joquled to put chafe the legal Quays, See. viriiin live Years-under Poweis in 39, 40 G. 3» xlvii.

-$, v § no. Sec.

Purch.ifcs flull not extend to Hillingsgate Doctor Mat ket.

C.'Cxxiv'.

4'3° GEORGII . III.

A.D. 1803'.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Monies which shall from Time to Time be received and produced from and by Means of the Rates and Duties granted and made payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successor6, by the first herein-before recited Act and this Act, shall henceforth be applied and disposed of in thQ Manner following; (that is to say), in the first Place, so much thereof shall be paid into the Chamber of the City of London as shall be sufficient from Time to Time not only for defraying all the necessary Colts and* Charges of maintaining, repairing, altering, and renewing the Mooring Chains now lying, and which shall hereafter lie or be in the River <Thamc: i but also for paying the Salaries and Wages of the said Harbour Mailers and their Affillants, pursuant to the first herein-before recited Act; and the Monies so to be paid intq the said Chamber for these Purposes shall be applied by the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and their Successors, in defraying the same Costs and Charges, ai d paying the same Salaries and Wages accordingly; and subject thereto, the Residue or Overplus of such Monies so to be received and produced, shall be applied from Time to Time in repaying and replacing to the said Consolidr.ted Fund, all inch Sums of Monies as have been already advanced and paid, and shall be hereafter advanced and paid thereout, in pursuance of the several herein-before recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, with Interest for the same respectively, in the mean Time, at the Rate of live Pounds per Centum per Jtnnum; and when all the Monies which shall be so as aforesaid advanced and paid out of the said Consolidated Fund shall, by the Means lad mentioned or otherwise, be fully repaid with Interest as before mentioned, then and from thenceforth such Residue or Overplus of the Monies to he received and produced from and by the said Rates and Duties, by the first herein-before recited Act and this Act giunted or made payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall, from Time to Time, as and when received, be laid out or invclled in the Purchase, of Stock in some of the publick Stocks or Funds, or upon Government or Real Securities, at Intercil, in the, Names of the Chamberlain, Town Clerk, and Comptroller of the Chamber of the City of London for the Time being, who shall from Time to Time lay out and inved the yearly Dividends cr Interests of the Stocks, Funds* and Securities so purchased, and of all Accumulations thereof, in their Names, in like Manner, for the Purpose of Accumulation, until the yearly Dividends and Intcred of all the Stocks, Funds, and Securities so purchased, shall be sufficient for the Payment of the Costs and Charges of maintaining, repairing, altering, and renewing the said Mooring Chains, and laying down others as aforesaid, if ai.d when necessary, and the Paymftit of the Salaries and Wages of the said Harbour Mailers and their A 111 Hants; and when and so soon as the same yearly Dividends and Intcred shall be fully sufficient for the Purposes lad mentioned, then and from thenceforth the several Rates and Duties by the fird herein-before recited Act and this Act granted and made payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall ccafe and be no longer paid or payable; any Thing in the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, contained to the contrary' notwithstanding.

" Common Council shall pay the Cods of obtaining this Act out of the Monies to be advanced from the Con-u folidated Fund, §7."

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby required, within the Period of three Years next after the passing of this Act, to purchase of the several Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers of all or any of the legal Quays, and Warehouses, Buildings, and other Works annexed thereto, or usually occupied or employed therewith, situate between London Bridge and the Tower of London, or any Part or Parts thereof, their several and respective Estates and Interests of and in the same Premises respectively; and it shall also be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized (in case they shall deem it expedient) to purchase any Dwelling Hoofes, Warehouses, Buildings, or Premises, situate adjoining to any of such legal Quays, Warehouses, Buildings, or other Works aforesaid; and for the Purposes aforesaid all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Directions, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things, in the said recited Act of the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years aforesaid contained, relating to any such legal Quays, Warehouses, Buildings, or other Works, or the purchasing thereof, or in the said recited Acts of the thirty-ninth Year, and thirty-ninth and fortieth Years aforesaid contained, authorizing and empowering Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, or other Persons having qualified or partial Estates or Intcrells, or Hnlbands, Feme Coverts, Guardians, Trustees, and Feoffees in Trull for Charities or other Purposes, Committees, Executors, or Administrators, or any other Persons whatever, under any Incapacities or Inabilities, on Behalf of themselves or others, to treat, and to compel any such Corporation or Persons to treat and agree for, the Sale of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Premises, or in anywise relating thereto, or for ascertaining the Value of any such Premises in case of any llcfufal or Inability to treat, or for completing any such Purchases, or obtaining Pofllffion of any such Premises, or any other Matter or Thing relating thereto, mall, as far as the same are applicable or can be applied, extend and be conllrued to extend to this present Act, and shall operate and be in Force in respect to this Act, and the Purposes of enabling the Lords Commissioners to complete the Purchases of the said legal Quays, Warehouses, Buildings, or Works aforesaid, or any Dwelling Houses, Warehouses, Buildings, or other Premises adjoining thereto, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Directions, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, ancj Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

" The Value of the Property to be so purchased, is to be estimated as if the Improvement^ had not been in u Contemplation, §9. Payment off Purchase Money shall be made within six Months after Agreement or 4< Verdict of Jury, } 10."

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained, shall extend, or be conllrued to extend, to authorize or empower the Leris Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to purchase the Dock

6.called

1215

A.D. 1805. 43° GEORGII III'. CVcxxiv. — cxxvi;

called Billingsgate Dock, or any Part thereof, or the Piece of Ground at the North End of the said Dock, called Room Land, or to alter, reduce, or lessen Billingsgate Market, or the Scite of the said Market, or to purchase any of the Houses or Buildings used or occupied as Part of the said Market, or appurtenant to the same.

" rowers of the first recited Act, not altered or rendered unnecessary by this Act, extended hereto, {12* "Publick Act, §13."

Cap. cxxv.

An Act for regulating the Markets within the Town of Blaibum, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for improving the Streets and other Places within the said Town.

[13th July 1803. J,

Cap. cxxvi.

An Act for the further Improvement of the Port of London, by making Docks and other Works at Blackball* for the Accommodation of the East /worshipping in the said Port.

[27th July 1803.]

WHEREAS the Ships in the Employ of the East India Company are of a larger Size than other Vessel

employed by Merchants in Trade, and many of them nearly equal in Bulk to Ships of the Line in the Royal Navy: And whereas the Cargoes and Merchandize on board of such Ships are of great Value and national Importance: And whereas by the present System of loading and discharging the Cargoes of such Ships,

the Navigation of the River Thames is frequently impeded, and Delays, Lodes, and Inconveniencies experienced, and the Cargoes and Stores of such Ships are subject to Plunder, and the East India Company and

Owners thereof injured, and the Publick Revenue defrauded to a considerable Amount: And whereas if good

and sufficient Wet Docks and Basons, with necessary Accommodations and Requisites for the Reception of East India Ships were made at or near Blackball, in the County of Middlesex, the Evils and Mischiefs aforesaid might be greatly remedied or prevented: And whereas several Persons have entered into a Subscription

towards raising a Capital or Joint Stock, or Fund, for making and completing such Docks, Basons, and other Works herein after more particularly mentioned; but the same cannot be made and completed without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act Sir Richard Neave Baronet, Sir William Curtis Baronet, Moses Agar, John Atkins, Henry Bonham, Wiliam Borrodalet Abel Chapman, Gabriel Gillet, George Green, Joseph Huddart, John Pajcal Larkins, Richard Lew in the younger, John Lock, William Moffat, John Perry, John Perry the youuger, Philip Perry> John Prinfep, Robert Taylor, John Wedderbum, John Wells, William Wells the younger, Robert Wigram, Robert JVtgram the younger, and John Woolmore Esquires, and all such Persons as shall after the passing of tins Act, agree and be permitted by the several Persons herein-before named, or the major Part of them, to become and and be Members of the said Company, and their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, Assigns, and all and every other Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate and Collegiate, who shall according to the Conditions and Restrictions herein after set forth, be possessed of any Part or Share of the Joint Stock of the said Company, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall, (so long as they shall hold the same and no longer) be, and they and their Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns (holding for the Time being any Share or Shares in the said Stock as aforesaid) are hereby declared to be united into a Company or Association of Proprietors of the Docks hereby authorized and directed to be made, and of the Basons, Entrances, and other Works which shall belong thereto, or be held therewith; which Company shall be known by, and shall use the Style and Firm of The East India Dock Company, and shall have such Powers and Authorities as are herein after given to them.

44 20C, ooool. may be raised and divided into Shares of iool. each, transferrable as personal Estate, §2. Pro" 44 prictors empowered to fell and transfer their Shares on the Company's Books, §3. No Persons answerable for4 Demands on the Company beyond Amount of their respective Stock, §4. Company to pay 5l.per Centum a* 44 Interest or Dividends on the Monies subscribed, and after completion of Docks, ZJc. not exceeding 10per Cent*4 by determination of General Meetings, §5. The Company may increase their Stock to 300, 0001. $ 6. The Company's Directors empowered to audit Account^; to make Calls of 10per Cent, at^two Months Distance from each, and prefer fame, life. §7, 8, 9. In case the Capital of 200, ocol. shall not be raised by Sub- feription, or shall not be sufficient, Company may bori-ow such Sums as with Subscriptions may amount to 14 300, 0001 and may assign the Dock Rates ag a Security, §10, 11. Interdl on Money so borrowed to be 41 paid Half yearly in Preference to the Dividends, §12. Monies subscribed and raised shall be applied to Purposes of the Act, f 13. Clerk of the Company to keep Accounts of Receipts and Disbursements, §14. 44 Two General Meetings shall be held within the City of London, the second Monday in January and July v each Year, confiding of ten Proprietors at the lead, §15. Thirteen Directors of the said East India Dock Company appointed, viz. four East India Directors, and nine Proprietors of the East India Dock Company, §16."

XVII. Provided always, and be it er.acted, That in case the said John Roberts, Stephen Williams, Joseph Cotton, and William Thornton, or any of them, or any Person or Persons to be nominated or appointed in his or their Room or Stead as a Director or Directors of the said East India Dock Company, shall die or refuse to act in the Execution of this Act, or shall cease to be a Director or Directors of the said East India Company, for the Space of two succeeding Years, then and in every such Case the Directors of the said East India Company^ shall, and they are hereby required to nominate artd appoint, in such Manner as to them shall seem right and proper, some other Person or Persons, out of the Directors of the said East India Company, to be a Director or Directors of the said East India Dock Company, in the Room or Stead of the Director or Directors of the said

Prefrrvt Sub* scribeis,

with future Subscribers an1* their Successors united into a Company of Proprietors to be liiled the Eojl India Dock.Company.

Subsequent

Appointment of lour Dock

Ditenors (by the Directors of the East India Company) in the Room of any who shall die, refuse to

I2l6

a<H, or cease to be an East India Director for two Years.

Subsequent Appointment of Dock Direc-t >rs (by the Court of Proprietors) in the Room ofthofe going out of Office by Ro-tojiJU.

In cale Directors are not appointed on the Day mentioned, another Meeting to be had for that Purpose.

C.cxxvi. 43° GEORGII III. AJXiSojr

said East India Dock Company so dying, refuting to or ceasing to be a Director or Directott of the said East India Company, for the Space of two Years; and every Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Powers and Authorities, and shall be subject to the like Rules, Regulations, and ReitridUons, as the Person in whose Room or Stead he shall be so nominated and appointed.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the said nine Directors named in this Act from the Members of the said East India Dock Company, or the Perfofl or Persons appointed in their Room or Stead, shall continue in Office until the second Monday in the Month of July, which shall next happen after any Rate granted or made payable by this Act for or in respect of any Ship or Vessel entering into or using any of the Docks or Basons to be made by virtue of this Act, shall have been demanded and taken, and on such Day three of the said Directors shall go out of Office and cease to be Directors of the said Company; and in order to determine who of the said Directors shall go out of Office and cease to be Directors of the said Company, the Clerk or Secretary of the said Company, at the Meeting of the said Company to be holden on that Day, (or some adjournment thereof), shall and he is hereby required to write upon nine distinct Pieces of Paper, of equal Site, the Name of one of each of the said Directors, and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the same Form, as near as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel, and three of such Papers shall then be drawn out of such Box or Wheel, by such Clerk or Secretary, one by one, and the three Directors, whose Names shall be upon such Papers h> fjpectively so drawn, shall go out of Office and cease to be Directors of the said Company, and the said Company shall then nominate and appoint three other Members of the said Company, who shall severally be possessed of and entitled to twenty Shares at the lealt in the said Undertaking, and shall also be a Director of the East India Company, or an Agent, Husband, or Consignee of some Ship in the Etnploy of the said East India Company, or legally possessed in his own Right of a certain Part or Share of the Value of five hundred Pounds at least, of and and in some Ship or Ships then actually in tire Employ of the said East India Company, and such three Persons so appointed shall continue in Office for the Space of three Years, (except in case of Death or Refusal to act, or ceasing to be so qualified as aforesaid), and no longer; and on the second Monday in the next succeeding Month of July, three more of the Directors named from the Members of the said Company in this Act, or the Person or Persons appointed in his or their Room or Stead, shall go out of Office, and cease to be Directors of the said Company; and in order to determine who of such fix Directors shall go out of Office and cease to be Directors of the said Company, the Clerk or Secretary of the said Company, at the Meeting of the said Company to be holden on that Day, (or some adjournment thereof), shall and he is hereby required to write upon fix distinct Pieces of Paper, of an equal Size, the Name of one of each of such Directors, and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the same Form, as near as may be, and put into a Box or Wheel by such Clerk or Secretary, and three of such Papers shall be then drawn out of such Box or Wheel by such Clerk or Secretary, one by one, and the Directors whose Names shall be upon such Papers respectively so dfawn, shall go out of Office and cease to be Directors of the said Company, and the said Company shall then nominate and appoint three other Members of the said Company qualified as aforesaid, to be Directors of the said Company in the Room or Stead of such three Directors, and such three Persons so nominated and appointed shall continue in Office for the Space of three Years, (except in case of Death, or Refusal to act, or ceasing to be so qualified as aforesaid), and no longer; and on the second Monday in the next succeeding Month of July, the three remaining Directors, named from the Members of the said Company, or the Person or Persons appointed in his or their Room or Stead, shall go out of Office and cease to be Directors of the said Company, and the said Company shall, at their Meeting to be holden on that Day, nominate and appoint such three other Members of the said Company ^qualified as aforesaid, to be Directors of the said Company in the Room or Stead of such three Directors, and nich three Persons so nominated and appointed shall continue in Office for the Space of three Years, (except in case of Death, or Refusal to act, or ceasing to be so qualified as aforesaid), and no longer; and on the second Monday in every succeeding Month of July in each and every Year* three Directors out of the Members of the raid Company, qualified as aforesaid, shall be nominated and appointed by the said Company, and such three Directors as shall continue in Office for the Space of three Years, (except in case of Death or Refusal to act, or ceasing to be so qualified as aforesaid), and no longer.

XIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case on any such second Monday in the Month of Julj in any Year, no such Nomination and Appointment of such three Directors shall be made, then and in every nick Case another Meeting of the said Company shall be holden on the Monday following, for the Purpose of making such Election, and in case no such Nomination and Appointment of such three Directors shall be then made, then and in every such Case another Meeting of the said Company shall be holden on the Monday following for the Purpose of making such Election, and so toties qttoties until such three Directors shall be chosen, but such three Directors shall not continue in Office, or be Directors of the said Company for any longer Space of 'Time than if they had been elected on the said second Monday in the Month of July as aforesaid.

" Appointment of Dock Directors (by the Court of Proprietors) in the Room of any who shall die, refnfe to

act, or become difqaafificcL — Director so appointed shall continue in Office only for the unexpired Term of " the Director deceased, §20. Directors shall appoint a Chairman and Deputy Chairman, and also Places and 41 Times for their Meetings. — On Equality of Votes Chairman shall have cafiing Vote, ^21. Nine Proprietors of " ten Shares each may request an extraordinary General Meeting to be called, by Notice to the Clerk or Secre-u tar)', specifying the Businesstobe proceeded on, §22. Qualification of Voters at the General Meetings : five u and under fifteen Shares one Vote 5 fifteen and under thirty, two Votes 5 thirty and under fifty, three Votes;

fifty Shares and upwards four Votes. — None having less than five Shares (Kali Vote. — Questions shall be dc-u cidedby Votes. — Chairman shall have additional calling Vote. — Or by Ballot if required liy nine Proprietors li of ten Shares each, and Chairman shall have calling Vote, §23. Chairman being an East India Director* shall haye a cafiing Vote, though not a Proprietor, §24."

A.D. 1803.43° GEORGII III. C.cxxvi.

XXV. Provided always, That no Proprietor or Proprietors of any Shafres in the said Undertaking shall rvote at any General Meeting of the said Company, on any Question whatsoever, (after the Expiration of three Years from the passing of this Act), unless he, she or they shall be possessed of such Shares in his, her, or their own Right, and not in Trust for any Person or Persons whomsoever, and except such Proprietor or Proprietors shall have been legally possessed of such Shares twelve'Calendar Months previously to his, her, or their voting as aforesaid, unless such Shares shall have come to such Proprietor or Proprietors by Bequest, Marriage, or the Inteftacy of the former Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or by the Custom of the City of London, or by Settlement, and unless such Proprietor or Proprietors shall, at the Time of voting as aforesaid, be in the Situation, or of one of the Descriptions herein after mentioned; that is to say, a Director of the East India Company, or a Director of the said East India Company within the Space of two Years, or an Agent, Husband, or Consignee of some Ship then actually in the Employ of the East India Company, or legally possessed in his or her own Right of a certain Part or Share of the Value of five hundred Pounds at lealt in foroe Ship or Ships then actually in the Employ of the said East India Company; and for better proving the Qualification of such Voter or Voters, the Chairman of every such General Meeting, or any five or more of the said Directors present thereat, is and are hereby empowered to demand from, and tender to the Person or Persons offering or desiring to give such Vote or Votes, an Oath, or if he, she, or they shall be one of the Persons called Quakers, a ioiemn Affirmation, in the Words or to the Effect following

t st, B. one of the Proprietors of the East India Dock Company, do swear [or, being one of the People called Quakers, do solemnly affirm], that the Shares of the Capital Stock of the East India Dock Company, Handing in my Name in the Books of the said Company, do at this Time belong, and have, for the 1 Space of twelve Calendar Months last pad, actually belonged to me in my own Right, and not in Trust for any Person or Persons whomsoever; and that I have been in the actual Receipt of the Dividends and Profit#

thereof, for my own Use, freed and discharged of all Incumbrances which can or may affect the fame, for

'the Space of twelve Calendar Months, [or, that the same came to me within the Time aforesaid, by Bequest,

or, by Marriage, or, by Succession to an Intestate's Estate, or, by the Custom of the City of London, or, by

Settlement], and that such Shares have not been transferred or made over to me fraudulently or collusively ' on Purpose to qualify me to give my Vote; and that I am a Director of the East India Company, [or, have been a Director of the East India Company within the Space of two Years, or, the Agent, Husband, or,

Consignc* of the Ship, here infer/ the Name of the Ship, now actually in the Employ of the East India Com-« t>any, or, that I am legally possessed in my own Right of a certain Part or Sliare of the Value of five hundred Pounds or upwards, of and in the Ship or Ships, here insert the Name of the Ship or Ships, now actually in the Employ of the East India Company], and that I have not before given my Vote at this Ballot.

So help me GOD.*

*c Five Directors empowered to buy Lands, See. for the Company, §26."

XXVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend so as to enable the said East India Dock Company, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to take, use, injure, or damage, for any of the Purposes of this Act, any House, or other Building which was crested and built on or before the first Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, or any Land or Ground which on the said first Day of June was set apart and used as and for a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, .planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof, other than and except the Houses, Buildings, and Hereditaments herein after mentioned; (that is to say), two* Boiling Houses, with the Sheds, Plots of Ground, and other Appurtenances thereunto belonging, situate at Blackwell aforesaid, in the Occupation of James Mather and Thomas Mather, and held by them under Leases thereof granted by John Perry Esquire, together with a Right to land Goods and Stores from Shipping lying in the Brunswici l)ock at Blackwall aforesaid, and to carry such Goods and Stores from thence over certain Pre-Tmifes belonging to the said John Perry; and all which said Boiling Houses, Sheds, Plots of Ground, and other Appurtenances, and the Right to land and carry Goods and Stores as aforesaid, shall be paid for by the said Company in like Manner, and be subject to the same Provisions, Rules, and Regulations For ascertaining the Value thereof, and the Compensation to be made to the said James Mather and Thomas Mather, for the fame, as are herein provided with respect to any other Houses, Buildings, Lands, and Premises, which the said Company are hereby authorized to purchase.

Bodies Politick, Trustees, &c. empowered to fell such Ground, 8ce. as may be wanted, §28. No Person* compellable to fell Part of Premises if willing to fell the Whole where they are in the Occupation of one u Person or several Persons jointly, §29."

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Directors shall not, within the Space of five Years next after the passing of this Act, agree for, or cause to be valued, as herein after is mentioned, and purchase the Houses, Buildings, Land, .Tenemetfts, and Hereditaments, herein particularly mentioned and deftribed, then and from thenceforth the Powers to them hereby granted for such Purpose only shall cease, determine, and be utterly void and of no lEffeft, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

u When Parties refuse or arc unable to treat, See. the Directors to issue a Precept for empannelling a Jury, u Scc. and pay and apply Money to or for Benefit of Parties accordingly, §31. — 40."

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by themselves, their Agent3, Workmen, and Servants, within the Space of five Years from and after the passing of this Act, to design, lay out, make, and complete, in, ovtr, and upon the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so purchased by virtue of this Act, and hereby vetted in 43 Geo. III. 7 the

1217

Qualification to vote by twelve Calendar Months Poflcssion of Stock, &c.

Torm of the Oath which may be demanded from Voter*.

Houses and Buildings crewed before June j, 1802, and Garden*, &c. shall not be purchased for the Company, except with Consent of Owner*.

Power of purchasing, (united to five Year*,

Directors empowered to make Wet Docks.

I2l8

C. cxxvi

43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Directors empowered to build a Wall round the Docks.

Directors empowered to build Piers, to facilitate the Entrances into the Dock.

Power to supply the Docks, &c. with Water.

the said Company of Proprietors, or in Trull fop their Use, within the several Parishes of Saint Dunstan Sts-bonheath otherwise Stepney, and Bromley Saint Leonard, in the County of Middlesex, according to such Plan or Plans, and in such Manner and Form as they shall approve of, one or more Navigable Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, with Entrances into and from the same, to communicate with the River Thames at or near Blackmail aforesaid.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Pocks and Basons as shall be used for the unloading of Ships or Vessels, shall be surrounded and inclosed by a llrong and durable Brick or Stone Wall, not leis than twenty Feet high, leaving only proper Spaces in such Wall for the necessary Entrances to such Docks, Basons, and other Works, and for the proper and necessary Gateways through the said Wall: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful to or for the said Company of Proprietors, or their Directors, to creCl or cause to be ercCled any House or other Building on any Lands or Grounds within the Didance of thirty Feet of the external Part of such Wall.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Directors to build, repair, and maintain two or more Piers within the Tide-way of the River Thames, at or near Blackmail aforesaid, to the Intent that Ships, Barges, and other Vessels may safely and conveniently enter into and go out of the said intended Docks and Basons hereby authorized to be made, and for that Purposo to make and ereCl Coffre Dams, Bat-tredeaux, Caiflons, and other Devices, or any of them, within the Tideway of the River Thames, as may be necessary or proper, during such Time or Times as such Piers, or any of them, or any of the Works thereto respectively belonging, shall be building, altering, or repairing, and no longer: Provided nevertheless, that such Piers shall not be buut so as to injure the Navigation of the said River.

" Power to make and repair Sluices, Bridges, Roads, and Drains, { 44, 45. Directors empowered to flop " up, alter, and build Sewers, under the Direction of the Commissioners of Sewers 5 such new Sewers not u being within the Dock Walls, to be vested in and under the Direction of the Commissioners of Sewers,* §56. Power to make and maintain Draw and Swivel Bridges, alter and level Highways, &c.

" §47- — 49-"

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, and they ate hereby fully authorized and empowered to supply the said Docks and Basons whilR making, and at all Times afterwards, with Water from the River Thames, and all such Brooks, Rivulets, Springs, Waters, and Water-courses, as shall run or flow near, or shall be found in digging and making the said Works respectively, and to make, repair, and maintain such and so many Sluices, Tunnels, Pipe3, Feeders, Aqucdu&s, and Channels, upon or through the Lands or Grounds adjoining or near to the said intended Works, or any of them, or any such Brooks, Rivulets, Springs, Waters, or Watercourses as aforesaid, for conveying Water to or from the said Works, as the said Directors shall think fit.

Power to repair Works damaged by Floods.

How Damages shall beafeer-taioed and settled.

No Slips, Dry Docks, &c. for building or repairing Ships,

" Power to get Materials to repair the Docks, §51. — -53."

LI V.«And whereas the said Docks and Basons hereby authorized to be made, or the Locks, Flood Gates,

Embankments, or other Works, which may belong thereto respectively, may be injured or destroyed, and the adjacent Lands and Premises thereby suffer Damage, and it may be necessary that the same should be im-« mediately repaired or rebuilt to prevent further Damage be it therefore further enabled, That when and as often as any such Case shall happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, their Servants, Agents, or Workmen, without Delay or Interruption from any Person or Persons, to enter into any Lands adjoining or near the said intended Works, or any of them (not being Land whereon any House or other Building shall stand, or any Orchard, Garden, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, Nursery for Trees, or Avenue to a House) and to dig for, work, get, carry away, and use all such Stones, Gravel, Clay, and other Materials as may be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, without any Notice given to the Owner or Occupier of, or any other Person interested in such Lands, doing as little Damage thereby as the Nature of the Case will admit, and making Recompense and Satisfaction for the same to the Owner or Occupier, Owners or Occupiers of, and all other Persons interested in such Lands, within the Space of three Calendar Months next after the Injury shall be done and the Recompence and Satisfaction demanded, which Damages, and the Recompence and Satisfaction to be made in respect thereof, in case the Parties do not agree among themselves, shall be settled and determined, or assessed, by the Ways and Means herein directed with respect to other Damages which may be done by making and compleating the said Works.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whosoever shall sustain any Damage in his, her, or their Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, by ueafon of the Execution of any of the Powers given by this Act, then and in every such Case Satisfaction and Compensation shall be made by the said Directors to such Persons respectively out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act; and in case of any Disagreement, Difference, or Dispute, between such respective Persons and the said Directors, respecting the Amount of such Damages, such Amount shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such and the like Manner as any Sum or Sums of Money to be paid by the said Directors for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, is or are herein directed to be settled and ascertained in case of any Disagreement, Difference, i>r Dispute about the fame, and the same shall be recovered, levied, and applied in such and the like Manner.

" Power to scour the Docks, &c. and remove Wrecks, &c. §56. To cleanse adjoining Water-courses at the " Land Owner's Expence, §57."

LVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Slip or Slips, Dry Dock, Graving Dock, Way or other Place, for die building, heaving down, or repairing of Ships or other Vessels, shall at any Time hereafter be made or built, or permitted or suffered to be made or built within the Walls, surrounding any of the said

nvtl Bridget, alter and kid fys-

hwful to and for the said DirtS kst )ccks and Basons whilst mah?, sal' : h Brooks, Rivulets, Springs, Vuvak ig and making the said Works rdps-t* anwls, Pipes, Feeders, AqwditsS^ to the said intended Works, orarcti-'3 as aforesaid, for convtvwgWicra:*

a ithorized to be made, ortfoktsjsk to respectively, may be injuredorde^ai id it may he necessary that the lotted be it therefore farther enacted, Tbs «s> awful to and for the WDintCbn, ic^ any Person or Persons, to cm itni (not being Land whereon acrEaa^ jck, planted Walk, Nursery for Tie.tr: " all such Stones, Grarel, Qay, a=c cder&5 Kntice given to the Owner or Conatr' v«*hiw of the Dir-5

in the rort or 1. on non.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That when any such Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, and other Works to be made and built by virtue of this Act, shall be so far completed as to be fit and ready for the Reception of Ships, all the Ships and Vessels which shall arrive or come from any Part of the East Indies or China, into the River Thames, with Cargoes of Produce from the East Indies or China, shall unload or discharge the Whole of their respective Cargoes within some or one of the said Docks or Basons, and not elsewhere; save and except such Part or Parts thereof as may be directed by any three or more of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs to be unloaded or discharged into any Lighter or other Craft in the Employ of the East India Company, at a certain Place within the said Port of London called Long Reach, for the Purpose of lessening the Draught of Water of any such Ship or Vessel; and the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so unloaded or discharged, being Produce from the East Indies or China, and in respect whereof any Duties shall be payable, shall or may afterwards be stored or deposited in the Warehouses of the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, according to the Laws now in force in relation to Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported from the East Indies or China; and in case any Owner, Matter, or other Person having the Command or Charge of any Ship or Vessel in the East India Trade, shall unload or discharge, or cause or permit, or suffer to be unloaded or discharged, any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, being Produce from the East Indies or China, at any Time or Times after any such Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, shall be fit for the Reception of Ships as aforesaid, from his Ship or Vessel, in any other Place or Places, in or near the Port of London than within such Dock or Docks, Bason or Bafous, save and except as herein-before mentioned, then and in every such Case every such Owner, Matter, or other Person having the Command or Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds. [ C>

LXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, ThK^ft^ any JTime or Times it should happen, that by reason of the said Docks or Basons being filled with Shipping, or of some Accident or other Cause, any Ship or Shir>s. Vessel or Vessels, which shall have come from the East Indies or China into the said River Thames,

C.cxxvi. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

than Lighters and Craft to convey, deliver, discharge, or receive Goods, Wares, Or Merchandize, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to or from on board of any such Ships or Vessels, or to be used in relation to the loading, unloading, or Care of them in the said Docks or Basons, and other than and except Ships, Vessels, Lighters, and Craft bringing or carrying away Materials, or any other Matter or Thing for the Building, Alteration, or Repairs of the said Docks and Basons, and the Erections, Buildings, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, or to be used in or relating to the Buildings, Alterations, Repairs, or Cleansings of the said Docks and Basons, and their Appurtenances, shall at any Time go into the said Docks or Basons, or any of the Works belonging thereto for any Purpose whatsoever, without the Consent in Writing of the Court of Directors of the said United Company for that Purpose first had and obtained; and in case any Ship or Vessel*. other than and except as aforesaid, shall at any Time go into any of the said Docks, Basons, qr Works without such Consent as aforesaid, every Person having the Command of any such Ship or Vessel, other than and except, as aforesaid, or who shall authorize, permit, or suffer her to go into any of the said Docks, Basons, or other Works, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the said Docks and Basons, or any of them, shall be so far completed as to admit Ships, Vessels, or Craft to enter therein, no Ship or other Vessel shall anchor* moor, or lie in the River Thames within the Distance of two hundred Yards of any Entrance or Entrances into the same Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, save and except of such Entrance or Entrances as is or are appointed for the Entrance of Ships or other Vessels, or save and except such Ship or Vessel shall have come out of any of the said Docks or Basons within twelve Hours last past; and if any Maiter, Pilot, or ather Person or Persons having the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel anchored, moored, or lying within the Distance aforesaid of such Entrance or Entrances save and except as aforesaid), shall not remove or cause to be removed therefrom such Ship or Vessel under his or their Command, within twelve Hours after being, required so to do by an Order ia Writing signed by the said Dock Master or Dock Matters, his or their Assist-int or Assistants, and left with some Person or Persons on board such Ship or Vessel, then and in every such^ Case every such Master, Pilot, and other Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding ten. Pounds nor less than five Pounds for every twenty-four Hours that such Ship or Vessel shall be anchored* noored, or lying within the Distance aforesaid of such Entrance or Entrances.

No Vessel shall enter into or navigate in the Works under Sail — Penalty 10l. to 5l., §68. Draw-bridges and Swivel-Bridges shall be fattened after Vessels have passed, §69. For preventing Obstructions and Nuisances in the Docks, $ 70, 71, 72. Vessels shall land Gunpowder before entering the Dock Premiers, and other combustible Matter shall be removed within twelve Flours. — No Fire, Candle, or Lamps witlfin the

Docks without Permission of Directors. — Penalty 10L to 5l., §73."

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly, wilfully, or maliciously lemolish, break down, cut, or injure any of the Works to be made by virtue of this Act, or any Ship or Vessel ying in any of the said Docks, Basons, or other Works, then and in every such Case every such Person shall >e deemed guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, hall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for the Term of seven> fears/ or, in Mitigation of such Punishment, may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Grand > >r Petty Larceny.

Penalty against destroying Ropes of Vessels, 10l., §76. Penalty on breaking or extinguishing Lamps, 401-.-8 and Damages, §77. Matters and Owners of Vessels, fc. answerable for Damages done by their Officers 6 and Servants, §78. Directors empowered to make Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations for the

Docks and their Appurtenances; and to amend, alter, and repeal the fame, and to fix Penalties-for Non-. f observance not exceeding 5l. — Bye Laws shall be printed and distributed in the Port of London, §79. c Such last mentioned Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, to be subject to the Controul of the Company at a General Meeting, who may inspect Bye Laws, and alter or annul any of them, §80. Compen- lation to be made for the Tithes of the Lands and other Premises taken for the Purposes of this Act, §81 —

' 84. Compensations for Deficiencies of Assessments for Land Tax, and Paving, Cleansing, Lighting, and s Poors7 Rates, and Sewer Rates, §85, 86. Compensation to Owners, £sV. of Docks* Slips, and Dock Yard*

1 in the Port of London, if injured by the intended Regulations, §87. Commissioners of Compensations irv

the West India Dock Act, 39 G. 3. c. lxix. (fee §130, &c. of that Si8)> shall be the Commissioners for the

like Purposes under this Act, §88. No Claims to be made for any Compensation until three Years after first 1 Payment of a Rate for Use of Docks, §89. Claimants may recover. Compensation Money from Persons f who have wrongfully received the fame, §90."

XCI. 4 And, in Consideration of the great Charges and Expences which the-making, building, erecting, and* providing of such Docks, Basons, Sluices, Bridges, and other Works authorized and intended to be made in pursuance of this Act as aforesaid, and the supporting, maintaining, and keeping of the same in Repair for the future/, be it further enacted, That there shall be payable and paid to the said East India Dock Company, r to their Collectors, Receivers, or Agents, for the Use of the said East India Dock Company, for every Ship X Vessel entering into and using any Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, or other Works to be made by virtue of his Act, by % he Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, or by the )wher or Owners thereof, the several and respective Rates following; (that is to say),

For every such Ship or Vessel (except Country Ships or Vessels herein after described) entering Inwards, and nloading her Cargo in the said Docks, and loading her Cargo Outwards in the said Docks, the Rate or Sum f fourteen Shillings Ton, according to the llegifter Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel, to be paid within ten. )ays after such Ship or Vessd shall be cleared Inwards:

6

For

1321

a.d. 1803. 43' Georgii III. c. cxxvi.

For every Ship or Vessel built in the East Indies (called Country Shift)* and navigated by Lascars (not less than two Thirds of her Crew being Lascars), entering Inwards, and unloading her Cargo in the said Docks, and loading her Cargo Outwards in the said Dooks, the Rate or Sum of twelve Shiuings ter Ton, Register Tonnage as aforesaid, to be paid within ten Days after fitch Ship or Vessel shall be cleared Inwards; the last mentioned Rate being two Shillings per Ton less than the Rate on other Ships or Vessels, in Consider-ation of the Expences of and in the Maintenance of the Lascars. whilst such Country Ships or Vessels are unloading:

For every Ship or Vessel loading Outwards in the said Docks, being .a new. Ship, or not having upon her last Arrival unloaded Inwards therein, the Rate or Sum of four Shillings per Ton, Register Tonnage as aforesaid, to be paid before such Ship or Vessel shall depart from the Docks

In case any such British, or Country, or other Ship or Vessel, having unloaded her Cargo in the said Docks, shall remove from the said Docks before, loading any Cargo Outwards, and shall not load any Cargo Outwards in the said Docks, there shall be allowed and returned, in Respect thereof, the Sum of two Shillings out of every such fourteen Shillings or twelve Shillings respectively, to be repaid before such Ship or Vessel shall fail from the said Port of London:

And in case any such Ship or Vesselshall have completed her regular Number of Voyages, or (halt not be continued in the East-IndiaTr?Lde, there shall be allowed and returned, in Respe& thereof, for the last Voy3ge of such Ship or Vessel in such East India.Trade, the Sum of four Shillings out of every such fourteen Shillings or twelve Shillings respectively, to.be repaid, within one Calendar Month after such Ship or Vessel shall be removed from the Dock.

And there (halt also be. payable and paid to the said East India Dock Company, or to their Collectors, Receivers, or Agents, for their Use, for all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported or brought from the East Indier or, China, which shall be landed, unshipped, or discharged from on board of any Ship or Vessel entering into and using any of the said intended Docks or Basons, by the East India Company* or by any other Owner or Owners, Consignee oivConfignees of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize respectively (over and above and besides the Rates herein-before granted and specified) the Rate following 5 (that is to say),

Fdr all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported or brought from the East Indies or China, or coming from the East Indies or China, and unloaded in the said Docks, the Rate or Sum of tyvo Shillings per Ton (such Ton to be estimated and calculated on all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize whatever, according to the usual and accustomed Mode of estimating and calculating Tons of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize by the East India Company), which Rate or Sum shall be paid in respect of all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so imported or brought by or for the said East India Company, within three Months after the Ship or Vessel containing such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be cleared; and in respect of all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so imported or brought by or for any other Person or Persons, such Rate or Sum of Money shall be deduced out of the Produce of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the Sales thereof, by the Receivor of the East India Company, and shall by him be paid over to the Collector or Receiver for the said East India Company as soon after such Sales as the Account of such privileged or private Trade of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize can be made up.

Which several Rates or Sums of Money shall be accepted and taken for and in Satisfaction of the Use and Convenience of the said Docks, and all Charges and Expences of the navigating, mooring, unmooring, removing, and Management of such Ship or Vessel, from her Arrival at>the Eotrance into the said Docks until such Ship or Vessel shall be unloaded and removed from the said Docks^ and also the unloading or unshipping of her Cargo and Stores within the said Docks, and also for the loading of her Cargo and Stores within the said Docks, together with the Use of the Light Dock for any Space of Time not exceeding six Calendar Months from the Time of unloading such Ship or Vessel, in case, there- shall be sufficient and convenient Space for the Reception of such Ship or Vessel in such Light Dock during such six Calendar Months; and all such Rates shall be and are hereby vested in the said East India Dock Company, and their Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns (holding for the Time being Shares of the aforesaid Capital Stock), as their own proper Monies, for the several Purposes herein mentioned; and such several Rates shall be paid to the Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons appointed to collect and receive the same as aforesaid.

Lighters and Craft for Use of the Shipping exempted, §92. Ships may be distrained for the Rates, §93. M Persons eluding the Paymentshall continue chargeable, §94. Tonnage or Adincafurement of Ships shall be ascertained by the Ship's Register, as under 26 G. 3. c. 60., §95, 96, 97. Custom-House Officers shall not discharge Vessels before Duties paid, §98. Power to the Directors to lower, and again to raise Rates to former Amount with Approbation of the Company at a general Meeting, §99. Docks and Works shall be kept in proper Repair, and made commodious for the Shipping, and, Business to be conduced therein, 44 §100.?

CL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Owners and Commanders of all the Ships and Vessels in the Service of or employed by the said United Company, shall remain answerable and liable to the said United Company and their Successors for the due Stowage and Delivery of their Cargoes, according to the true Intent and Meaning of any Contracts, Charter Parties, or Agreements at any Time made or entered into, or to be made or entered into, by and between the said Owners and Commanders respectively and the said United Company, in like Manner as if the said Shipfe and Vessels had continued to be loaded and unloaded in the Manner heretofore accustomed, and as if this Act had not been made.

4* The East India Company's Surveyors shall superintend loading and unloading of Ship9 as heretofore, $ IC2* k Works shall be begun as soon as possible, and a Statement of the Progrefe thereof, and of all Rents and Payments,

Duty ©O' Merchandize per Ton.

Owners and Commanders of East India Ships shall remain liable to Performance of their Contracts, Charter Paitie*. audAjrcements.

U.

For faring the Rights of the Trinity House.

Saving of Rights of his Majesty, ancf of the Corporation'of London.

Lord Mayor as Conservatoi of the River Thames, may punish Offences under this Act, or Bye Laws made by the Company.

Duration of Act as to East India Ships unlading in the Docks,

2i Years.

Punishment for giving false Evidence or f wearing falsely.

C.cxxvi, cxxvii. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

u merits, shall be laid before each House of Parliament yearly, in the thirty Days after Commencement of " Session, §103, 104. Director3 empowered to appoint Clerks, Treasurers, and other Officers for the East India Dock Company, taking Security, and to allow them Salaries, §105. Officers shall account, $ 106; " and their Sureties shall be liable, §107."

CVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice or derogate from any of the RigLt3 or Privileges of the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants of the Trinity House of Deptford Strong.

CIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice or derogate from the Estates, Rights, Interests, Privileges, Franchises, or Authority of the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or their Successors, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or to prohibit, defeat, alter, or diminish any Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction, which at the Time of making this Act, his Majesty, or the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being as Conservator for the River Thames and Waters of Medway, did or might lawfully claim, use, or exercise; and further, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Ivlayor of the said City for the Time being, in like Manner as he hath used to do in other Cases, to inquire of, hear, and determine by Preferment or Indictment taken before him as Conservator of the said Rivers and Waters, any Offences contrary to this Act, or such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations as shall be made as aforesaid, and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, to impose a Penalty or Penalties on him, her, or them, not exceeding the Penalty or Penalties hereby inflicted, or which shall be inflicted in and by the said Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations for such Offence or Offences, but no Person shall be punished twice for one and the same Offence.

CX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the Directions or Restrictions herein cotv-tamed, requiring Ships and Vessels which shall arrive or come from any Part of the East Indies into the River Thames to unload and land their respective Cargoes or any Part thereof, within some or one of the said Docks, or on the Quays or Wharfs which shall belong thereto, shall continue in Force for longer than the Term of twenty-one Years, to commence on the Day that any Rate granted or made payable by this Act for or in respect of any Ship or Vessel entering the said Docks or Basons, shall have been demanded and taken, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall give false Evidence in any Examination to be taken by virtue of this Act, or where in pursuance of this Act any Oath is required to be taken, shall swear falsely, shall be subject to such Pains, Penalties, and Disqualifications as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are or for the Time being shall be subject or liable to by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

" Actions may be brought and defended in the Name of the Secretary to the Company. — Proceedings shall u be entered in the Company's Books. — Property of the Company vetted in Directors, §114. Distress not " deemed unlawful for want of Form, $115. Penalties and Forfeitures not exceeding twenty Pounds u shall be recovered before one Justice, by Distress and Sale, half to the Informer, and half to the Company; " or Imprisonment from three Months to 20 Days, or till Payment, §116. Penalties above 20l. how to €i be recovered, by Action in Court at Westminster, §117. Informer giving up the Share out of the " Penalty, the Whole shall go to the Company, and Informer deemed a competent Witness, §118. Form " of Conviction, §119. Appeal to the Quarter Sessions, §120. Plaintiffs shall not recover after Tender " of Amends, nor without 14 Days' Notice of Action, §121. Limitation of Actions for Matters done under this Act three Months. — Venue in the County. — General Issue. — Treble Costs, §122. Publick 41 Act, §123."

[See the West India Dock Act, 39 G. 3. c. lxix. referred to in §88. of this Act, and which is very ftmlar to this in many of its Provisions--\

Cap. cxxvii.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious, and for repairing and preserving the Walls of the River Anna Lijfey, in the City of Dublin; and also for empowering the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, to build and repair Bridges over the said River within certain Limits.

[27th Jufy 1803.]

" Recital of Irish Acts, 26 G. 3. 19. 32 G. 3. c. 35. 40 G. 3. r. 47."

And whereas it hath been found that the Provisions in the said recited Act, made in the thirty second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Walls of the said River Anna Lijfey, on the North Side

from Carhjle Bsidge Eastward to Barrack Bridge Westw'ard, and on the South Side from Crompton Quay Eastward to Barrack Bridge West ward, are ineffectual for the said Purposes: And whereas the said Walls of the said River on both Sides thereof, from Carlisle Bridge Eastward to Barrack Bridge otherwise called Bloody ' Bridge West ward, excepting the Walls of Crumpton Quay, and of that Part of A Ron's Quay which have been already rebuilt by the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, are now in a very ruinous ' and dangerous State: And whereas the rebuilding of the Remainder of the said Walls in the same otyle and

Maimer, would tend much to the Improvement of the said Quays, and to the Advantage and Convenier.ee 4 of the Inhabitants thereof, and also of the Inhabitants at large of the District of the Metropolis, and it is therefore expedient that an adequate Fund should be raised for that Purpose, and that the said recited Act should be amended; And whereas one of the Bridges over the said River Anna Lijfey, called Ormond Bridge,

7 which

C.cxxvii

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

which was situated between Essex Bridge and Barrack Bridge, hath lately fallen, and the other Bridges lying

between Essex Bridge and Barrack Bridge, and also Barrack Bridge aforesaid, are fn a State of Decay, and are

become dangerous to the Publick, and it may hereafter be found expedient to repair such Bridge or Bridges

as is or are now built, or to build others, or to arch over some Part or Parts of the said River, between Carujle 1 Bridge and Barrack Bridge aforesaid may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, &c.

" Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dubttn, empowered to rebuild Quay Walls on both " Sides of the River Anna Liffey; also to build and repair Bridges over the said River, §1. Powers of M former Acts applied to this Act, §2. Application of Compensation Money, §3, 4, 5."

VI. And towards enabling the said Corporation to rebuild, maintain, and repair the said Walls within the Limits aforesaid, ' be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this A A, all and every Person or Persons who is or are or shall be the Occupier or Occupiers, or in any Manner in the Possession of any Ground, or of any House or Houses, or other Building or Buildings, which are or shall be erected on any Ground situate either on the North or South Side of the said River Anna Liffey, between Carlisle Bridge on the East and Barrack Bridge on the West, and bounding or immediately adjoining and fronting the said River or any of the Quays thereof, save and except the several Proprietors and Occupiers of Ground on Crampton Quay, and that Part of AjlorCs Quay, the Walls whereof have been already rebuilt by the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin), shall yearly and every Year, by two equal half-yearly Payments, on every first Day of August and every first Day of February, for ever, pay or cause to be paid to the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin and their Successors at the Ballast Office of the Port of Dublin, for the Time being, the Sum of two Shillings by the Year, for each and every Foot, and so in Proportion for every fraAional Pait of a Foot, which such Ground, or such House or Houses, Building or Buildings respectively, shall contain in Front of the said River, together with Fees for receiving and collcAing the fame, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum, to be computed upon the Sum which shall be so payable by such Person or Persons respectively; the first Payment of the said Rates to be made on the first Day of August, and first Day of February, which shall next be after the passing of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Rate of Assessment of two Shillings per Foot so directed to be raised as aforesaid, be and the same is hereby exclusively appropriated to rebuilding and keeping in Repair the Walls aforesaid, and that it shall not be applied to any other Purpose or Use whatever.

" Said Rates shall be collected as the Rate under 32 G. 3. c. 35. — Houses shall also be liable to the further* Pound Rate imposed by this Act, §8. Corporation shall lay before the Court of King's Bench Estimates li of the total probable Expence of rebuilding the said Walls and Bridges, and of how much it may be necessary to raise by Presentment beyond the said Frontage Rate under §7. — Grand Jury shall be summoned to 4< consider said Estimates. — Presentments shall be made by Grand Jury and Rates settled. — Not exceeding* is. in the Pound per Annum, for one, or is. 6d. for two or more of such Works, §9 — 24."

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, shall for ever hereafter keep a separate and particular Account of all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be raised and levied and received by the said Corporation, by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of repairing and rebuilding the said Walls; and also a separate and particular Account of all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be raised and levied and received by the said Corporation, by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of repairing any Bridge or Bridges within the Limits aforesaid, which is or are now in need of being repaired, or of building or creAing any Bridge or Bridges which may be built or erected by virtue of this Act, and of repairing the same when Occasion shall require.

4i 15, 000l. may be granted to the said Corporation by the Directors of the inland Navgation under 40 G. 3. (I.) 44 c. 51. in Aid of the Funds granted by this Act."

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Corporation to apply any of the Rates or Duties directed to be raised, and payable to the said Corporation, by virtue of any former Act, to any of the Purposes of this A A, but that the same shall be wholly applied to the Purposes for which they were originally granted, and as if this Act had never been passed; and it is hereby further declared to be the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that the said Corporation shall be fully indemnified and saved harmless from any Expence or Loss in consequence of their having undertaken the Superintendance, and Management of the Works before mentioned.

XXVIII. ' And whereas several very necessary and salutary Rules and Regulations are by the Laws now in

Force obligatory on the Mailers and Commanders of Passage Boat9, Ships, and Vessels usually employed in conveying Passengers between the Port of Dublin and the different Ports in Great Britain (the Captains and Commanders of his Majesty's Yachts and Packets, and also of such Ships or Vessels a3 may be employed in carrying Expresses or Dispatches, and having a Licence un<^r the Hand and Seal of some Person duly authorized by the Lord Lieutenant of this Kingdom to grant Licence for such Purpose excepted): And whereas the said Rules and Regulations are not at present made sufficiently publick be it therefore enacted, That in order to give a greater Publicity to the fame, the Mailer or Commander of every Passage Boat, Skip, or Vessel, which shall be licensed by the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, shall keep constantly hung up in a conspicuous Part of the Cabin of such Passage Boat, Ship, or Vessel, such an Extract of, the said Rules and Regulations as shall be furnished to him or them by the said Corporation; and in case such Extract of the said Rides and Regulations shall be so damaged or injured as to be rendered illegible, or in case the said Mailer or Commander shall altogether neglect to set up the same as herein-before directed, the Mailer, Commander, or Owner of all and every such Passage Boat, Ship, or Vessel, being thereof convicted on the Oath of one or more Witness or Witnesses, to the Satisfaction of the said Corporation or any three or

more

1223

Occupiers of Ground or Houses fronting the said River shall pay the Corporation 2$. per Foot.

to be applied for rebuilding and repairing Quay Walls.

Corporation Hull keep separate Accounts of Money raised for Walls, and of that raised for Bridges.

Monies raised by former Aits shall not be applied to this Act.

Extracts of Regulations for Conduit of Mailers of Ships shall be hung up in the Vessels.-

Penalty for damaging the fame, iol.

; i2 24 C. cxxvii. — -cxxx.

43 GEORGII III.

A.D. 180^.

Pt>rfons 1ub!c to repair ihe Walls hereby directed to be repaired and rebuilt, to be exonerated therefrom.

Corporation Sales shall be held at the Royal Exchange.

Notice of certain Sales under 32G. 3. C. 35. rimhed to three Months.

more of them, shall pay and forfeit unto the said Corporation, for every such Offence or Neglect, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds Sterling, one Half thereof to be paid to such Person or Persons as ftiill give Information Of such Offence to the said Corporation, and the other Half of the said Penalty, to be paid to the said Corporation, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act, the same to be recovered by Distress, Seizure, and Sale of the said Boat, Ship, or Vessel, or by all or any of the other Ways and Means in this Act, or the herein-before recited Acts made in the twenty-sixth and thirty Second Years of the Reign -of his present Majesty mentioned and provided.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who before thepafiing of this Act were bound to repair any Part of the Walls of the said River within the Limits aforesaid, shall be and are hereby, from and after the passing of this Act, freed, exonerated, and discharged of and from all Obligations which he, she, or they, or any of them, was or were under or subject to, of amending or repairing the said Walls, and of and from all Charges and Expences whatsoever oh account thereof, save the Payments and Rate by this Act directed and appointed to be paid as aforesaid.

XXX. And whereas by the said recited Act of the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the said Corporation is empowered to hold certain Sales at the Tholfel of the City of Dublin, which is now

in Ruin3be it therefore further enacted, That all Sales directed by the said Act to be held at the Tholfel of the City of Dublin, may be held at the Royal Exchange in the said City.

XXXI. And whereas by the said recited Act of the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, six Months Notice is necessary previous to the Sale of any of the North Lots by the said Corporation for Non-payment of the yearly Sums therein mentioned: And whereas such Length of Time has been attended

with Inconvenience be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be sufficient if the publick Notice appointed by the said Act to be given before any such bale, be given in Manner therein mentioned three Months before the Day which shall be therein appointed for such Sale.

Expences of Corporation and of passing Ad shall be paid out of Monies raised, £ 32* Publick Act, §33."

Tunl/hing of

Persons damaging the Bridge, Sec.

[* To be erefled during the building of the intended §64.]

Cap. cxxvii).

An Act for the Improvement of the Town of Bedford, in the County eff Bedford, and for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Ou % e, in the said Town* [27th July 1803.]

X.XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously bum, blow up, pull down, or otherwise damage or destroy the said intended Bridge, or the said temporary Bridge, or the Centres thereof, or any of them, or any Part thereof, or attempt so to do, or shall wilfully or maliciously, or without Authority from the said Commissioners, remove, destroy, damage, or take away any Materials or Works thereunto belonging, or in any wise direct or procure the lame to be done, whereby the said intended new Bridge, or the said temporary Bridge, or the Centres or Works thereof may be damaged, or the Lives of Passengers or Workmen endangered, such Offenders or Offenders, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony.

Cap. cxxix.

An Act for extending and making the Morse Towing Path lor Road on the Banks of the River Severn, from Bevodley Bridge in the County of Worcester, to the deep Water at Digits, below the City of Worcester.

[27th July 1803.]

[" A Company incorporated by the Name of The Company of Proprietors of the River Severn Horse Towing Path Extension.' — May raise 5000L by 100 Shares of 50l. each, §29, 30. — or fcooool. if wanted, §31."

Penalty on tfcltroying the Works,

Felony,

Cap. cxxx.

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from and out of the River Tamar, at or near Mor<wellbam Quay, to the Town of Tavi/lock; and also a certain Collateral Cut to lead from the said Canal to Mill Hill Bridge, in the County of Devon.

[27th July 1803.]

The Company of Proprietors of the Tavistock Canal' incorporated. — Empowered to raise 40, 0001. by Share of iool. each, §2. and 10, 000l. more if necessary, §5. Penalty on Persons obstructing Passage of Canal, not exceeding 5l.; on Persons opening Locks, or hindering Execution of the Act, 5l. to 40s."

And_ if any Person shall wilfally and maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Navigation, break, throw down, damage, or destroy any Banks or other Works to be erected and made by virtue of this Act, every such Person shall be adjudged guilty x>f Felony, and every such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony, and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted Stall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punirtied in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny; or otherwise every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Devon, shall forfeit any Sum not less than forty Shillings, and also the Value or Amount of the Damage proved upon Oath to have been done, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices; such Penalty and Damages, together with reasonable Costs, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Offender; or such Offender shall and may be committed to the Common Gaol for the said County for any Time not exceeding six Calendar Months, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall have been convicted*

A.D. 1803. 430 GEORGII III. cxxxi. — cxxxiv. 1225

Cap. cxxxi.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Ravensborne, at or near its Mouth or Outlet into the River TlMimes, in the County of Kent, and for making and maintaining proper Approaches thereto.

[27th July 1803.]

t The Deptford Creek Bridge Company incorporated. — May raise 25, 000l. by 500 Shares of 50L each, and 44 jo, oo©1. more if necessary, §42, 43."

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully and maliciously pull down and destroy, or begin to pull down or destroy the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, or any Toll House, or any Posts, Rails, or Fences to be created by virtue of this Act, every Person so offending, on being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony, and the Court; by and before whom such Person shall be tried, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws or Statutes of this Realm, or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may, if they think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs, in Cases of petty Larceny.

Cap. cxxxii.

An Act for enlarging (a) and altering the Term and Powers of several Acts of Parliament, for making a Road from New Street, Southwark, to the Places therein mentioned, and from Freefcbool Street, Southwark, to Dock Head and Lilliput Hall Bridge, in Bermondsey, and from the Stones End in Kent Street, Southwark, to Hartford, so far as respects the Road leading from the Stones End in Bermondsey Street, towards Saint Thomas a Waterings; and also for repairing and maintaining a certain Lane, called Long Lane, in the Parish of Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey.

[27th July 1803.]

£Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted. — Foryi of Memorial of Verdicts under 31 G. 3. repealed, and new

Form appointed.]

Penalty on Persons wilfully damaging the B; idgt.

Felony. &c.

ii G. 2. c. jr.

7 G. 3. c. 64. 3r G. 3. c. 10a. 38 G. 3. c. 15.

Cap. cxxxiii.

An Act for repairing, altering, and widening (a) the Road from a Lane called Back Lane, in the Parish of Scartho, to Hollowgate Head, in the Parish of Louth, in the County of Lincoln.

[27th July 1803.]

Cap. cxxxiv.

An Act for establishing a Free Market, in the City of London, for the Sale of Coals, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the Vend and Delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain Places therein mentioned.

[27th July 1803.]

WHEREAS the Cities of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and certain Parts of the Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Kent, and Essex, are chiefly supplied with Coals brought by Sea into the Port of London, and the having of the same at cheap and reasonable Rates tends greatly to the Improvement of the Manufactures, and to the Increase of Trade, and for that End it is necessary that the Coal Trade should be perfectly free and open, and it would greatly tend to answer those Purposes, and be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Consumers of Coals in the said Cities of London and Westminster, and Liberties

thereof, and in such Parts of the said Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Kent, and Essex, it a regular Free Market

for the Bale of Coals were established within the City of London, and if certain Regulations were made in the

Vend and Delivery of all Coals in the River Thames, between and including the Towns of Gravesend and, Windsor, and within the said Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and within such Parts of the said Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Kent, and Essex, as are situate within the Distance of twentyfive Mites from the Royal Exchange in the City of London: And whereas the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City of London, in Common Council assembled, have proposed, and are desirous to establish 4 a Free Market, under certain Regulations for the Sale of Coals, and to purchase a certain Piece or Parcel of Land, and the Buildings thereon erected, situate on the North Side of Lower Thames Street, in the City of

London, called The Coal Exchange; and such other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as may be necessary for such Market; but the said Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament:

May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted f and be it enacted by the King's raoft excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby empowered and required to establish and hold, or cause to be established and holden, a Free Market for the Sate of all Coals that shall arrive within the Port of London j and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, and they are hereby required to purchase or cause to be purchased in the Name of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, of and from the Owners and Proprietors for the Time being, a certain Piece or Parcel of Land, and the Buildings thereon erected, situatefon the North Side of Lower Thames Street, in the said City of London, for some Time past used as a.Coal Market, and called The Coal Exchange, and all and every the Appurtenances thereunto belonging; and.it shall aHb be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons to purchase or cause to be purchased, in the Name of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, of and from any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be willing to sell the same, any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments adjoining or near to the said .Exchange, for the Purpose of establishing within the said City of London such Free Market for the Purposes aforesaid, and for erecting the several Buildings and other Coveniencics thereto, as they shall think expedient, and upon Payment ojf such Sum or Bums of Money as

43 Geo. III. 7R./ /thaR

City of Londo* empowered to purchase the Coal Exchange, ice.

and convert the same into a Free Coal Market,

1226

Duty on Coals.

Duty Hull be reduced when Produce is more than sufficient for the Purposes of this Act.

The Cert Market shall be an open Market.

Market Days.

Clerks and Officers shall be appointed.

Notice shall be given in the Gazette of the Day of opening tb> Market.

C.cxxxiv. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

shall be agreed on for such Purchase or Purchases, to cause all such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, or any Part or Parts thereof to be laid out and made Part of the said Free Market, and to erect thereon such Buildings and Conyenieucies as shall be necessary for the Purposes of the said Market, and also to re-sell and dispose of so much of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be purchased, as shall he more than fumcient for the Purposes aforesaid, and to pay and apply the Money anting from the same for and towards carrying into Effect the Purposes of this Act, and to and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever: Provided always, that no Lands so to be bought or purchased in the Name of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London^ for the Purposes aforesaid, shall exceed in the Whole the Quantity of Half an Acre Statute Measure.

" Bodies Politick, Trustees, See. empowered to sell and convey Premises to the City, §2. — 16.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, for the Purpose of defraying the several Charges and Expences of establishing and holding such Market, and of the Purchase of the said Land, Buildings, and Hereditaments, called The Coal Exchange, and such other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as aforesaid, and of erecting convenient Buildings thereon, and for defraying the Salaries and Allowances of the several Clerks and other Persons employed in the Execution of this Act, and for defraying the other Charges and Expences of carrying the same into Execution, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, of and from each and every Master of a Ship or Vessel laden with Coals, Or other Person having the Care or Command thereof, arriving at her Moorings within any Part of the Port of London at or to the Westward of Gravesend, when the said Market shall he opened and established, the Sum of one Halfpenny per Chaldron (or Ton in case the Came shall be sold by Weight) of Coals, and no more, for every Chaldron or Ton of Coals contained in such Ship or other Vessel; and such Sum of one Halfpenny per Chaldron or Ton shall and may be collected) levied, recovered, and paid, in such and the like Manner and Form, and by, with, and under such Powers, Authorities, and Provisions as any other Duty or Duties, or Imposition or Impositions on Coals, now payable to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, or to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of London, is or are or may be collected, levied, recovered, and paid respectively; and which said Sum of one Halfpenny per Chaldron or Ton when so paid shall be charged to the Purchaser of the Coals, in Addition to the Charges and Expences of the Metage thereof.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all the Colls, Charges, and Expences incident to and incurred ip obtaining and passing this Act, shall be paid and discharged by and out of the first Monies received by virtue thereof, and when and as foonas such Colls, Charges, and Expences, and the Colls, Charges, and Expences of pure hating the several Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments for the said Market, and of making any Buildings, Erections, and other Conveniences thereto, and the Money borrowed or raised on the Credit of the said Duty on Coals, and the Interest thereof shall have been paid off and discharged, and the said Duty of one Halfpenny per Chaldron or Ton of Coals shall he more than sufficient for maintaining, repairing, and supporting the said Market, and of the several Buildings, Erections, and Conveniences thereto, and for paying the several Annuities granted by virtue of this Act, and the Salaries and other Payments and Allowances to the Clerk or Clerks, and other Officers and Persons employed in the Execution of this Act, and for defraying the several other Charges and Expences of carrying the same into Execution, then and in every such Case the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons shall and they are hereby required to reduce such Duty to such Sum of Money as shall be sufficient for the several Purposes of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, again to raise such Duty to any Sum not exceeding the Sum granted by this Act, when and as often as it shall be necessary for the Purposes thereof; and such Duty, when so reduced or again raised, shall be collected, levied, and recovered in such and the same Manner as the Duty granted by this Act can or may be collected, levied, and recovered.

" Common Council empowered to raise Money For carrying the Act into Execution by granting redeemable M Annuities, or Annuities on Lives, §19. — 22. — Duty granted by this Act charged with such Annuities, §23. u Money raised shall be applied only for the Purposes of this Act, §24."

XXV. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the laying out, and establishing the said Market by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Manner aforesaid, the said Market shall for ever thereafter be and become a free, open, and publick Market for the Sale of Coals brought into the Port of London.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That such Market shall be holden on every Monday, Wednesdayf and Friday in the Week, in each and every Year {GoodFriday, Christmas Day, and Fall Days by Proclamation only excepted), from twelve of the Clock at Noon until two of the Clock in the Afternoon in each and every such Day; and that it shall be lawful toxnd for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons to nominate and appoint one or more Clerk or Clerks and other Officer or Officers to such Market, with such Salary or Salaries for his or theic Trouble and Attendance therein as to the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons shall seem just and reasonable, and from Time to Time to remove or displace him or them, and to nominate and appoint any other Clerk or Clerks, Officer or Officers in his or theft Stead.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not he lawful to or for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, to demand or take, or cause to he demanded or taken, the said Sum of one Halfpenny per Chaldron or Ton of Coals until the said Market shall be opened and established, nor shall the said Market be or be deemed to be opened or established for any of the Purposes of this Act, until Notice shall have been given in the Name of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, in the London GaneUt ten Days previous to the Day on which such Market shall he opened and established for the fmteL ftiEposes of tlys Act; and in such Notice the Day and Hour on which such Market is to be opened and

established

A.D. 1803.

340 GEORGII III.

C.cxxxiv.

estabfiflied shall be specified, and on the Day so specified in such Notice, such Market shall be and be deemed to be opened and established for the several Purposes of this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the opening and establiftung of the said Market, «ach and every Matter of a Ship or other Vessel laden with Coals, or other Person having the Care and Command thereof, shall and he is hereby required within twenty-four Hours after his Ship or other Vessel shall have arrived at or to the West ward of Blackwall, or at her Moorings for Delivery within any Part of the said Port of London, at or to the West ward of Gravesend, and not before, to deliver or cause to be delivered to the Clerk of the said Market, or other Officer appointed to receive the same, at his Office in the Place appointed for holding such Market, a true and perfect Copy of the Certificate or Certificates directed to be given, by every Fitter or other Person vending or delivering Coals to each and every Matter of a Ship or Vessel on board of which such Fitter or other Person vending or delivering Coals shall have loaded any Coals, by an Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to dissolve the present and prevent the future Combinations of Coal Owners, Lighterman, Masters of Ships, and others to advance the Price of Coals, in prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufacturers of this Kingdom; and for the further Encouragement of the Coal Trade; and if such Ship or Vessel shall not come from any Port or Place where by the said Act such Certificate or Certificates is or are required to be given, then and in such Case, each and every Matter of such Ship or Vessel, or other Person having the Care or Command thereof, shall deliver or cause to be delivered an Account of the Quantity and Name or Names or Description or Descriptions of the Coals on board such his Ship or Vessel to the Clerk or other Officer of the Market as aforesaid; and such Clerk is hereby required to receive and register such Certificate or Certificates, Account or Accounts as aforesaid, upon Payment or Tender of the Sum herein directed to be demanded and taken by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons for every Chaldron (or Ton of Coals, in case the same shall be sold by Weight I contained in such Ship or other Vessel in a proper Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and if any such Matter of a Ship or other Vessel, or other Person having the Care or Command thereof as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to deliver or cause to be delivered a true and perfect Copy of such Certificate or Certificates, or such Account or Accounts in Manner aforesaid within twenty-four Hours after such Ship or other Vessel shall have arrived or come to her Moorings as aforesaid, or shall deliver or cause to be delivered such Copy of such Certificate or Certificates, or Account or Accounts, before such Ship or other Vessel shall have arrived or come to her Moorings as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully deliver in any false or inaccurate Account of the Quantity, or Name or Names, Description or Descriptions of the Coals in such Ship or other Vessel, or if any such Clerk shall refuse or neglect to receive and register such Copy or Account or Accounts as aforesaid, upon Payment or Tender of such Sum as aforesaid, or shall make such Registry knowing that such Ship or Vessel had not arrived or come to her Moorings as aforesaid, every such Person io offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds nor less than five Pounds.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of such Market shall and he is hereby required, previous to the opening of the Market next after the Receipt of the Copy of such Certificate or Certificates, or of such Account or Accounts as aforesaid, to fix up in some conspicuous Part or Parts within the said Market a true and perfect Copy thereof in fair and legible Characters, and with the Words, " For Sale,' expressed thereon; and m case any such Certificate or Certificates, on such Account or Accounts as aforesaid, shall be received by such Clerk during the Hours of holding of such Market, and before one Half Hour before the Cl© fe thereof, then and in such Case such Clerk shall and he is hereby required to fix up in Manner aforesaid, a true and perfect Copy thereof, in fair and legible Characters, and with the Words €i For Sale, " expressed thereon: and if such Clerk shall refuse or neglect to fix up such Copy or Copies, in Manner aforesaid, or within the Time aforesaid, such Clerk so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds nor less than five Pounds.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if, from and after the opening and establishing of the said Market, any Owner or Matter of any Ship or other Vessel laden with Coals, to be unloaden in any Part of the said Port of London at or to the West ward of Gravesend aforesaid, or other Person whosoever, shall sell or dispose of any Coals contained in any such Ship or other Vessel, or shall agree or contract for the Sale of any such Coals, or if any Lighterman, or any Buyer of or Dealer in Coals, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, for or on Behalf of or in Trust for any such Lighterman, or Buyer of or Dealer in Coals, shall buy or purchase, or agree or contract for the Purchase of any such Coals contained in any such Ship or other Vessel, before such Copy or Copies of such Certificate or Certificates, or of such Account or Accounts as aforesaid, shall have been fixed up in mch Market in Manner aforesaid, or if the said Coals shall be sold in any other Place or Places than in the said Market, and on the Days and within the Hours appointed for holding the fame, every such Sale, Purchase, Contract, or Agreement for Sale or Purchase, shall be, and the same is and are hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and the several Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

" §6, 7, & 8. of Stat. 3 G. 2. c. 26. relating to Contracts between Buyers and Sellers and to Notes for Coals; €i and also $ 6 & 7 of Stat. 11 G. 2. c. 15. a3 to such Contracts, upon and from and after the Day on which such Market shall be opened and established for the several Purposes of this Act, ' repealed; §31."

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the establishing the said Market, all Bargains or Contracts for Coals between Buyer and Seller shall, by the Crimp, Fador, or other Person having the Disposal of such Coals (in case any such Crimp, Fador, or other Person shall be employed for the Disposal of such Coals), be fairly entered, with the Conditions thereof, and Price of such Coals, in a Book to be kept by such Crimp or Fador, or other Person as aforesaid, subscribed by such Buyer, and by the said Crimp or Fador, or other Person as aforesaid, not merely with the Initials of their Names, but with their Names written at fyll

7 R 2 Length \

1227

Mutters of Ships shall give to Clerk of the Market a Copy of the Certificate.

Required by9 Ann. c. 28.

or Accounts of the Coals.

Clerks flnll enter the Accounts,

Penalties for neglect or false Entries, 20l. to

5h

The said Accounts of Coals shall be affixed in the Market.

Coals shall be sold in the Market and within the Market Hours, and not elsewhere.

After establishing the Market, all Sales of Coals shall be entered with the Clerk of the Market.

12 2$

Poiialty on Neglect, &c. 100l.

Persons mnv fell their own Coals without the Intervention of a Fa<£k>r. Such Sales shall be entered.

Penalty tool.

Penalty on eva* five Deductions from the Price, looh

Exception as to

CommHTion and Scorage.

Penalty on refuting to fell in flu? Market in Quantities not k?fs than 21 Chaldrons,

1 oof.

Entries of Pro ceedings good Evidence.

i*Jo Meter shall be appointed to a Ship until Coals are fold.

Penalty ois felling one Sort of Coals for another, 20l. per Chaldron, in-steadof Penalty voder 3 G.a. c.a*. $4-

C.cxxxiv. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Length 5 of which Bargain or Contract such Crimp or Factor, or other Person as aforesaid, shall at the same Time deliver gratis a Copy by him atteded to the Seller and Buyer respectively; and a true and perfect Copy of such Bargain or Contract, and the Price of such Coals, shall be delivered by such Crimp or Factor to the Clerk of the said Market (within one Hour after the Close of the Market on that Day); and every such Copy shall be by such Clerk entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and every such Book shall be open for the Perusal or Inspection of any Person or Persons whomsoever, on Demand, at any Time or Times during the Hdurs such Market shall be open; and if any Crimp or Factor, or other Person having the Disposal of such Coals as aforesaid, % shall neglect or refuse to enter such Bargain or Contract, or the Price of such Coal9, fairly, accurately, and honedly, without Fraud or Covin, or to subscribe the fame, or shall refuse or neglect to give Copies thereof in Manner or within the Time aforesaid, or if any such Clerk shall refuse or neglect to enter such Contract or Bargain, or the Price of such Coals as aforesaid, in such Book or Books, in Manner aforesaid, or shall not permit the Perusal or Inspection thereof to any Person or Persons whomsoever during such Hours as aforesaid, then and in such Case every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and in case any Person shall fcli his or her Coals, which it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person to do without the Intervention of such Crimp, Factor, or other Person as aforesaid, then and in such Case every such Sale, Bargain, or Contract for the Purchase of Coals shall be fairly written on Paper, and shall be signed by the Seller and Buyer; and such Paper when so figr.ed, or a true and perfect Copy thereof, shall be delivered to the Clerk of such Market within one Hour after the Close of the Market on that Day; and such Clerk shall and he is hereby required to enter such Paper, or such Copy thereof, in a Book or Books to be kept for such Purpose, which Book or Books shall be open for the Inspection and Perusal of any Person or Persons whomsoever, on Demand, at any Time or Times during such Hours as such Market shall be open; and if any such Person shall refuse or neglect to enter such Bargain or Contract with such Clerk in Manner or within the Time aforesaid, or if any such Clerk shall refuse or neglect to enter any such Bargain or Contract in such Book or Books in Manner aforesaid, or shall not permit the Tnfpeftion and Perusal thereof to any Person or Persons whomsoever, on Demand, during such Hours, as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and if any Buyer, or other Person on his, her, or their Behalf, shall demand, take, or receive any Abatement, Deduction, or Allowance (by whatever Name or by whatever Means such Abatement, Deduction* or Allowance shall be called or made) from the Price so delivered to or entered with the Clerk of such Market, or shall practise or make Use of any Art, Covm, or Device, so as to obtain any such Abatement, Deduction, or Allowance from the Price so delivered to and entered with the Clerk of such Market, or if any Ship Owner, Crimp, Factor, Vender or Seller of Coals, or any Person on his, her, or their Behalf, shall give, grant, or allow any Abatement, Deduction, or Allowance from the Price so delivered to and entered with the Clerk of such Market (by whatever Name or by whatever Means such Abatement, Deduction, or Allowance shall be called or made), so that the full Price so delivered to and entered with the Clerk of such Market shall not be received for such Coala by such Vender or Seller, then and in every such Case every such Buyer, Ship-Owner, Crimp, Factor, Vender, Seller, and other Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds: Provided always, that the Commission to any Crimp or Factor, or other Person having the Disposal of Coals, and the usual Discount and Scorage allowed to Buyers, shall not be or be deemed to be any such Abatement, Deduction, or Allowance from such Price as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That after the Cargo of any Ship or other Vessel shall have been entered with the Clerk of the Market in Manner aforesaid, the Coals contained in such Cargo shall be and be deemed to be upon Sale during the Times for holding the said Market as herein-before mentioned; and if the Factor, Agent, or other Person having Power or Authority of felling the said Cargo of Coals, or of any Part or Parts thereof, shall give any undue Preference in the Sale thereof, or refuse or decline to sell the same, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever who shall be delirous of purchasing not less than twenty-one Chaldrons thereof (Payment for such Coals being then and there tendered with fuficitr.t Security for the Payment of Demurrage in case of Detention in the Delivery), such Owner, Factor, Agent, or other Person so refilling or neglecting shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Entries made by the Clerk of such Market in such Book or Books, in pursuance of the Directions of this Act, shall be Evidence in all Cases, Suits, and Actions touching or concerning any Thing done in pursuance of this Act.

XXXV. And whereas great Inconvenience arises from the Appointment of a Meter to a Ship or other Vessd for the Delivery of her Cargo of Coals before the same is ready for Delivery; be it therefore enacted, That no Meter shall be appointed for the Delivery of the Cargo of Coals of any Ship or other Vessel, until after the Account of the Sale of such Cargo of Coals shall haCVe been entered with the Clerk of the Market, or until the Conclusion of the Market in which the Account of the Sale of three Score Chaldrons at lead of the Coals contained in such Ship or other Vessel shall have been so entered with the Clerk of the said Market in Manner herein directed.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall knowingly fell one Sort of Coals for and as a Sort which they really are not, within the said Port of Lon-dony or within the respective Cities of London or Westminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Svrry, Kent, and Essex as is or are situate within the Didance of twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, every such Vender and Venders of, Dealer and Dealers in Coals shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of twenty Pounds per Chaldron so fold, and such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals shall not be subject or liable to any Penalty inflicted by the said recited Act, made in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty,

8 intituled.

C.cxxxiv,

1229

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III.

intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade, on every Person wha shall knowingly fell one Sort of Coals for and as a Sort which they really are not: Provided always, that no Ship Owner, Matter, or other Person having the Care or Command of any Ship or Vessel within the said Port of London, shall be subject to such Penalty for or in respect of any Number of Chaldrons exceeding twenty-five Chaldrons for the same Cargo of Coals.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Meter, Coal Heaver, or Whipper, shall, by reason of the Delivery of a less Quantity of Coals than forty Chaldrons a Day, from the Appointment of such Meter to deliver such Ship or Vessel, be detained on board any Ship or VefTJ, by reason of the Whole of the Coah not being delivered thereout, over or beyond such Number of Days as that by the Deliver)' of forty Chaldrons a Day of the Cargo thereof such Coals ought to have been delivered, then and in such Case the Matter of every such Ship.or other Vessel shall pay to every such Meter, Coal Whipper, or Heaver, such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding seven Shillings per Day, for every Day that such Ship or Vessel shall have been detained beyond such Number of Days as aforesaid, as any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City of London, or Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Kent, or Surry, according to the Jurisdiction, shall award, on the Application of such Meter, Coal Heaver, or Whipper, over and above all Coils and Expence3 of such Application, provided that it shall appear to such Justice that such Detention did not arise from the Default or such Meter, Coal Whipper, or Heaver, or any of them.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Victualler, Alehouse Keeper, or Tnn Keeper concerned or interested, either directly or indirectly, either in his or her own Name, or in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons whomsoever, or by Way of Partnership or Agreement to receive any Part of the Profits of such Trade or Trade*?, or in felling Meat, Bread, or other Eatables, Wine, Beer, or Spirituous Liquors, or other Drink of any Kind or Sort whatsoever, shall directly or indirectly exercise the Business or Employ of a Coal Undertaker, or of providing any Coal Heaver or Coal Heavers for unloading any Coals from any Ship or other Vessel within the said Port of London, he or she shall for every such Coal Heaver provided by him or her forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, and the Whole of such Penalty shall go to the Informer.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Hire and Wages of Coal Heavers or Whippers shall be really and bond fie paid by the Matters or Owners of Ships, or their Agents, to the Undertaker, and by him paid and divided among the said Coal Heavers, or by the Matters to the Coal Heavers where no Undertaker is employed, and not by Way of Barter or Exchange in any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Meat, Drink, Lodging, of Materials for Wearing Apparel, without any Deduction whatever, under the Penalty of five Pounds for each and every Offence.

XL. And be it further enacted, That each and every Meter or other Person superintending the Admeasurement or Deli very of any Coals from any Ship or other Vessel into any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to give and deliver to the Lighterman or other Person having the Care or Management of the Lighter, Barge, or other Craft into which the Coals from such Ship or other Vessel shall be admeasured or delivered, before such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft shall quit such Ship or other Vessel, a Certificate or Certificates of the Quantity of Coals admeasured or delivered into such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft; and each and every Certificate shall be numbered, beginning with Number One for the first Certificate delivered, and so on in arithmetical Progression ascending, whereof the common Excess or Difference shall be* always one, until the whole Cargo of Coals contained in such Ship or other Vessel shall be delivered; and every such Certificate shall be witnessed by the Matter or Mate of such Ship or other Vessel, and shall be made in the following Form v

' Number [here insert the Number of the Certificate.]

I A.B. do hereby certify, That I have delivered from on board the [here insert the Name of the Ship or

*other Vfie I, and also the Master's Christian and Surname'] Matter, from [here insert the Name of the Port

where the Coals were put on board] of [here insert the Name by winch the Coals are known] Coals [here insert the Number of Chaldrons] Chaldrons, in the Room, [or, Rooms, if more than One] No. [here specify

1 the Number of the Room, reckoning from the Head to the Stern] of the Lighter [or, Barge, or other Craft]

called the [here insert the Name of the Lighter, Barge, or other Craft'] Number [here insert the Number of the Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, and the Name of the Lighterman] Lighterman on Account of [here

insert the Name of the Buyer of the Coals, or the Person for whose Use such Coals are delivered, (as shall be ' required).]

A.B. Meter. Witness, C.D..Matter [or. Mate.]

' London, [here insert the Day of the Month, and the Month and Year in which such Coals were delivered.] And in case such Coals shall be sold by Weight, the Word Tons shall be inserted in such Certificate or Certificates in lieu of the Word Chaldrons, and in the making out such Certificate or Certificates no Figures shall be made use of, but each and every Word shall be legibly written at Length save and except the Date of the Year, which may be written in Figures); and every such Lighterman or other Person having the Care or Management of such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, shall, upon the Delivery of such Certificate, pay to the Meter or other Person superintending the Admeasurement or Delivery of such Coals, the Sum of Three-pence for each and every such Certificate; and if any Meter or other Person superintending the Admeasurement or Delivery of such Coals shall refuse or neglect to give or deliver such Certificate, signed with his own Name, and in his own Hand Writing, and drawn in Manner aforesaid, to the Persons having the Care or Management of such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or shall wilfully give or deliver the same with a wrong or false Number of the Certificate inserted therein, or with a wrong or false Name of the Ship or other Vessel, or of the Mailer, or of the Port where the Coala were put on board such Ship or other Vessel, or of the Coals, or

with

Demurrage to Coal Meters and Coal Heavers, if not allowed to deliver Ships at the Rate ol 40 Chaldrons a Day.

Penalty on A!e-h.»use Kcepets acting as C >al Undertake.

5l. per Man provided.

Wages of C>al Heavers shall be paid actually and not in Goods, Ul. Penalty 5l.

Ship Meters shall give Certificates of the Coals delivered into each Lighter.

3d. for the Certificate.

Penalty for*Negle# or Fraud not exceeding 10).

C. cxxxiv,

Lighterman, &c. shall deliver such

Certificate to the'liai'^nger, 5tc.

Penalty on Wharfinger refuting Inflection thereof;

or Lightermen defacing fame, not exceeding , 20l.

Ship Meiers shal I keep Accounts of all Coals delivered by them.

and deliver Co-1'ic-i to Clerk of the Market to be entered;

Penalty on Lraud or Neglect not exceeding 20l.

No fiaff ional Part of five Chaldrons shall be delivered into any Room of a Barge,

43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

with a wrong or false Account of the Quantity of Coals admeasured or delivered into any Room of such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or with a wrong or false Number of such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft inserted therein, or with a wrong or false Name or Names of the Lighterman, or of the Buyer or other Person for whose Use such Coals are delivered, or with a wrong or false Month or Date thereof, or of the Year, or without the Signature of such Matter or Mate thereto, or make Use of any Fraud, Covin, or Device, by which the same shall be wrong or false, or if any such Matter or Mate shall refuse or neglect to sign any such Certificate when true and accurate, or shall sign any such Certificate, knowing the Whole or any Part or Parts thereof to be wrong or false, or if any such Lighterman or other Person Laving the Care or Management of such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft shall not wait a reasonable Time after the Coals shall have been so admeafuyed or delivered for the Purpose of receiving such Certificate or Certificates, or shall refuse or neglect to receive the same, or shall on the Delivery of every such Certificate refuse or neglect to pay the Meter, or other Person superintending the Admeasurement or Delivery of such Coals, the aforesaid Sum for each and every such Certificate, then and in every such Case every such Meter or other Person superintending the Admeasurement or Delivery of such Coals so offending, and every such Matter or Mate so offending, and each and every such Lighterman or other Person having the Care or Management of such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That each and every Lighterman or other Person having the Care or Management of any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft laden with Coals in the said Port of London, shall, and he is hereby required to deliver gratis, before any Part of the said Coals shall be taken out of any such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, to the Holder or Holders of the Wharf or other Landing Place where such Coals are intended to be delivered, or to his, her, or their Servant, the Certificate of the Quantity of Coals measured or weighed into such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, and herein directed to be given to such Lighterman or other Person by the Meter admeasuring or weighing the Coals from any Ship or other Vessel in the said Port of London, into such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, for the Inspection of all those Persons who may be interested in the Purchase or Delivery of such Coals; and if any Holder or Holders of a Wharf or other Landing Place, Wharfinger or Wharfingers, to whom such Certificate shall have been delivered, shall refuse or neglect to permit any Person concerned in the Purchase or Delivery of such Coals at all reasonable Times to intpeft or take a Copy of such Certificate, every such Holder or Holders of a Wharf or other Landing Place, Wharfinger or Wharfingers, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty rounds; or if any such Lighterman, Holder of the Wharf, or other Person, shall wilfully erase, deface, alter, or destroy such Certificate, or be aiding, abetting, or aflitting therein, or permit or suffer the same to be done, then and in every such Case, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That each and every Meter admeasuring or weighing, or attending: the Admeasurement or weighing of any Coals from any Ship or other Vessel within the said Port of London^ into any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or on any Quay or Landing Place, shall keep a Book or Books, and shall enter therein the Name of the Ship or other Vessel, and the several Quantities of Coals delivered by him or them from such Ship or other Vessel, together with the Day of the Month and Year on which such several Quantities shall have been delivered, and the Name and Number or Numbers marked and described on the Lighter or Lighters, Barge or Barges, or other Craft, and the several Quantities of Coals delivered into each Room or Division of such respective Lighter, Barge, or Craft, or the Name of the Quay or Landing Place into or upon which such Coals have been delivered; and such Entry or Entries shall, when all the Coals contained in such Ship or other Vessel shall have been delivered, be signed by such Meter or Meters, and witnessed by the Matter or other Person having the Care or Charge of such Ship or other Vessel, and such Meter or Meters shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to deliver or cause to be delivered, gratis % a Copy of the respective Entries from such Book or Books to the Clerk of the said Market, within twenty-four Hours after the unloading thereof, of Coals; and every such Clerk is hereby required to receive and preserve all such Copies of the Entries contained in such Book or Books; and if any such Meter shall make a false Entry or Entries in such Book or Books of the Name of such Ship or other Vessel, or of the Quantity of Coals delivered thereout, or of the Day, or Month, or Year, or of the Name or Names, or Number or Numbers of the Lighter or Lightere, Barge or Barges, or other Craft, and the several Quantities of Coala delivered into each Room or Division of each respective Lighter, Barge, or Craft, or of the Name of any Quay or Landing Place into or upon which the Coals from such Ship or other Vessel shall have been delivered, or shall not deliver or cause to be delivered such Copies of the Entries contained in such Book or Books to such Clerk within the Time aforesaid, or if the Matter or other Person having the Care or Charge of such Ship or other Vessel, shall refuse or neglect to witness such Entry or Entries when true and correct, or shall knowingly witness any such false Entry or Entries, or if any such Clerk shall refuse or neglect to receive and preserve such Entry or Entries, Book or Books, or shall refuse or not permit the Inspection or Perusal thereof to any Person or Persons whomsoever on Demand, at any Time or Times during such Days and Hours as such Market shall be kept open, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds.

XLIII. And whereas it would tend greatly to the Prevention of Fraud, if certain aliquot Parts of a Score

of Coals only were permitted to be loaded into Barges, Lighters, or other Craft from Ships and other Vessels

discharging their Cargoes of Coals in the said River Thames; be it therefore enacted, That if upon or from and after the Day on which the said Market shall be opened and established for the several Purposes of this Act, any Meter delivering Coals shall load, or permit or suffer to be loaded from any such Ship or other Vessel in the River Thames, into any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or into any Room or Division of any

7 Lighter,

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III.

C. cxxxiv. 1231

Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, a less Quantity than five Chaldrons or twenty-one Vats, or any Quantity between five Chaldrons or twenty-one Vats and ten Chaldrons or forty*two Vats, or any Quantity between ten Chaldrons or forty-two Vats and fifteen Chaldrons or sixty-three Vats, or any Quantity between fifteen Chaldrons or sixty-three Vats and twenty Chaldrons or eighty-four Vats, or otherwise, fa that there shall be a fra&ional Part of five Chaldrons or twenty-one Vats in any such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or in any Room or Rooms, Division or Divisions thereof save and exfcept for the Clearance of such Ship or other Vessel when the Cargo is reduced to a less Quantity than five Chaldrons or twenty-one Vats), or if any Lighterman or other Person having the Care or Management of such Lighter* Barge, or other Craft shall, without the Permission or Consent of such Meter, take away his or their Lighter, Barge, or other Craft from any such Ship or other Vessel, so as to prevent the same from being loaded with the Quantity herein directed, then and in every such Case every such Meter so offending, and every such Lighterman and other Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Meter or other Person shall (hoot or deliver, or shall permit, suffer, or cause to be shot or delivered from any Ship or other Vessel in the Port of London, any Coals into any Room, or Division of any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or into any open or undivided Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, containing any Coals obtained or received from any Ship or other Vessel, or from any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or from any other Place whatsoever, save and except from the Ship or other Vessel from which such Meter or other Person shall be (hooting or delivering Coals, or shall be in any wise aiding, abetting, or assisting therein, then and in every such Case every such Meter, and every such other Person, fhafi, for every such Offence, forfeit apd pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds.

XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the Shooting and Delivery of Coals into the empty Room or Rooms of any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, in Part loaded from any other Ship, on the Certificate or Certificates of the Meter or Meters from the Ship from whence such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft shall have been in Part loaded, being produced to the Meter on board the Ship from which such empty Room or Rooms are to be filled.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship Owner or Owners, Matter or Mailers, Buyer or Buyers of Coals, or any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, or any Person or Persons on his, ner, or their Behalf, shall give or grant, or promise to give or grant any Money, or any Coals, or other Gift or Reward, to any Meter or Meters employed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and Westminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surry, and Kent, as is or are situate within the Distance of twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange, for or on account of such Meter or Meters having measured or being about to measure any Coals for such Buyer or Buyers, Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, or if any Meter or Meters shall take or receive any such Money, Coals, or other Gift or Reward from such Owner or Owners, Matter or Matters, Buyer or Buyers, Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, or other Person or Persons on his, her, or their Behalf, then and in every such Case every such Owner, Matter, Buyer, Vender, Dealer, Meter, and other Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to subject or render liable to the said Penalty of one hundred Pounds any Ship Owner or Ship Owners, Matter or Matters, Buyer or Buyers of Coals, or Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, or any Person on his, her, or their Behalf, for giving or granting, or promising to give or grant any of the several Sums of Money specified in the Schedule in this Act contained, and for the several Purposes therein mentioned; but such several Sums in such Schedule specified shall be paid and payable by the several Persons therein mentioned to such Meter or Meters, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Purchaser or Purchasers, Vender or Venders of Coals, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of such Purchaser or Purchasers, Vender or Venders respectively, shall be dissatisfied with the Measure of any Coals admeasured from any Ship or other Vessel, and shall, within one Hour after the Delivery of such Coals into the Lighter, Barge, or other Craft of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and before such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft fhaS have left the Ship or other Vessel from whence such Coals shall have been delivered, signify to the Meter on board such Ship or other Vessel his, her, or their Desire to have the same remeasured, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Purchaser or Purchasers, Vender or Venders of such Coals, his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of such Purchaser or Purchasers, or Vender or Venders, to leave, or cause a Notice to be left in Writing at the Sea Coal Meter's Office, desiring that such Coals may be remeasured, and specifying the Lighter, Barge, or other Craft containing such Coals so required to be remeasured, and where such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft is then lying, and on the Receipt of such Notice two Deputy Meters from such Office shall forthwith attend to remeasure such Coals, and shall accordingly forthwith remeasure such Coals by the Vat, in the Presence of the Ship Meter who shall have so measured such Coals into such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, and in the Presence of the Vender or Venders, or Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, his, her, or their Servant or Servants respectively, or other Person or Persons a6ling by or under the Authority of such Vender or Venders respectively, in case they or any of them shall attend to see the same remeasured; and in case the Clerk at such Sea-Coal Meter's Office shall negle<£l or refuse to fend such two Deputy Meters, or in case such two Deputy Meters shall neglect or refuse to attend within six Hours after such Notice in Writing left as aforesaid, or to remeasure such Coals in Maimer aforesaid, then and in every such Case such Clerk and every such Deputy Coal Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds; and for such Remeasurement the Person or Persons so requiring such Coals to be remeasured shall pay the Coal Meters

attending

Penalty not exceeding 20).

Penalty on Meter delivering Coals intoBarges having Coals in them before, not exceeding 20l.

Except into empty Rooms.

No Gifts (halite given to Meters.

Penalty red. Except Paymen. specified j: . Schedule,

For Rcn. c..tu: e-meni H C\»als delivered into Lightens,

Penalty on Officers for Neglea, 5l.

Expence of Re-meafutemenU

1232

Penalty on Deficiency per Bushel.

Carmen shall carry a Bushel Measure in their Carts.

12 Anr. ft. a. c. 17. § II, 12.

Penalty for Neglect Carmen iol. to 40s. Vender 20l. to 5l.

Carmen shall deliver a printed Ticket to the Buyer previous to the Delivery of any Coals.

Penalty iol. to 40s.

Penalty on Meters giving Certificates without actually measuring the Coals not exceeding xol.

C.cxxxiv. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

attending such Remeasurement the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so remeasured, and the Vat forremeasuring shall be placed and affixed, for the Purpose of being used for such Remeasurement, at the Costs and Charges of the Person or Persons so desiring such Remeasurement; and in case the Coals so remeasured shall not amount to the Quantity mentioned in the Certificate of such Ship Meter as required by this Act, the Coal Meter who shall have measured such Coals from the Ship or other Vessel into such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft shall, for every such Bushel of Coals so found deficient, in case such Deficiency shall not be equal to three Bushels in five Chaldrons, forfeit and pay the Sum of iive Shillings for every such Bushel; and in case such Deficiency shall be equal to or exceed three Bushels in five Chaldrons, then and in such Case such Meter shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds for every such Bushel, and also the Expences of the placing and affixing of such Vat; such Expences to be settled and determined by the Justice before whom the said respective Penalties may be recovered, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deduding such Expences, and the Costs arid Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owner$ of such Goods and Chattels, and all Expences attending such Remeasurement.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if from and after the first Day of October One thousand eight hundred and three, any Carman or Driver of any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, loaden with Coals for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof by any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, from any Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Bargfc, or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place, within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and WestmnJIer, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the respective Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Kent, and Essex as is or are situate within the Distance of twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, shall not have placed on some conspicuous Part of his Cart, Waggon, or Carriage, a Bushel Measure of the Form, Size, and Dimensions directed by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the ffeedy and cffeBualpreserving the Navigation of the River of Thames, by flopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex, and for afeertairung the Coal Measure (which Measure shall be provided by the Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals), then and in every such Case every such Carman or Driver of such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, not having such Bushel Measure so placed therein or thereon, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds nor less than forty Shillings, and the Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds nor less than five Pounds.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said first Day of October, the Carman, Driver of, or other Person attending every Cart, Waggon, or ether Carriage laden with Coals for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof by any Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals from any Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place, within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London or Westminster, or the respediv e Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Kent, or Essex, as is or are situate within the Distance of .twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, shall, and he and they is and are required to deliver or cause to be delivered a printed Ticket or Paper to the Buyer or Buyers of such Coals, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any ParLpf the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, shall be (hot or delivered therefrom)arid every such Ticket or Paper shall be in the Words and form following:

«VENDER'S TICKET.

Mr. A.B. [here insert the Name of the Buyer.']

( Take Notice, That you are to receive herewith

Here insert the Number of] Sacks of [here insert the Name of the] Coals [as above directed] Sacks of [as above directed] Coals

[as above directed] Sacks of [as above directed] Coals

(But in case such Coals have been previously housed and are delivered from a Warehouse, insert the Words, " From Warehouse" instead of the Name of such Coals).

and that by an Act made in the forty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, the Carman is directed to deliver this Ticket before he shoots any of the Coals out of his Cart pr Waggon, and that a Bushel

Measure is in such Cart or Waggon, by, which the Carman is directed to measure, gratis, (under the Penalty t of ten Pounds), the Coals contained in any one Sack, which the Purchaser or his Servant may require, which < Sack is to contain three Bushels heaped up in the Form of a Cone, the Outside of the Measure being the Extremity of the Base thereof, C.D. [here insert the Name of the Vender.']

And in case any such Carman, Driver of or other Person attending such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage laden with Coals as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket as aforesaid to the Buyer or Buyers of such Coals, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be shot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, every such Carman, Driver, or other Person aforesaid, shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds nor less than forty Shillings.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Meter or Meters shall give a Certificate or Ticket for the Delivery of any Parcel or Quantity of Coals, from any Ship or other Vessel, or from any Lighter or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place, within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London or Westminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Kent, or Essex, as is or are situate within the Distance of twenty-five Miles from

A.D. 1803. 43 GEORGII III. C.cxxxiv.

the Royal Exchange, without having duly and truly measured the same agreeable to the Description herein contained, such Meter or Meters shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and after the said firfh Day of Odoler, the Carman or Driver of every such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage laden with Coals for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof by the Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, from any Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or fropi any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and Westminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the respective Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Kent, and Essex, as is or are situate within the Distance of twenty-five Miles from the.Royal, Exchange aforesaid, shall, and he is hereby directed to me % i\xc$ gratis, the Coals contained in any one of the Sacks contained in such Cart or Carriage, which may be chosen by the Buyer or Buyers of the said Coals, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons aAing on the Behalf of such Byyer or Buyers, with such Buftn'l Measure as aforesaid; in order that such Purchaser or Purchasers may be better enabled to judge of the Necessity of having the Whole of such Coals remeasured in Manner directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament then in Force.

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case it shall appear upon the Remeasurement of such Coals or any Part thereof, that any Sack or Sacks of such Coals shall not contain three Bushels, then and in every such Case the Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, shall for every Sack of Coals that shall be found deficient, on the Remeasurement, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings For every Sack Jo found deficient 5 any. Thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary' thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of November One thousand eight hundred and three, each and every Sack made use of in the Delivery of Coals from any Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and Westminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Kent, and Essex, as is or are situate within the Distance of twenty-fiv? Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, shall measure in the Inside thereof at least four Feet and two Inches in Length by two Feet and one Inch in Breadth; and if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall, from and after the said first Day of November, use or cause to be used, any Sack or Sacks for delivering Coals, within the several and respective Cities, Liberties, and Parts.aforesaid, ofless Length or Breadth than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case every such Vender of and Dealer in Coals shall, for every such Sack that shall be deficient either in Length or Breadth, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, on Conviction before some Justice of the Peace in whose Jurisdiction the Offence shall be committed; and the Justice before whom such Conviction shall take place shall cause every such Sack, so found deficient either in Length or Breadth, to be destroyed; and that no such Sack or Sacks shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be marked at the Guildhall of the City of London, or at his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, that shall measure in the Inside thereofless than four Feet and four Inches m Length by two Feet and two Inches in Breadth, any Thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that Coals to be delivered into or upon the Wharf or Premises of the Person in whose Name such Coals have been delivered by a Meter from on board Ship may be conveyed in Bulk or otherwise without the Use of such Sacks, or without the Carman being obliged to carry a Bushel Measure in the Cart.

LIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this A A or any other Act or Acts contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to require any Coals sold as and for Pool Measure, videlicet; such Measure as is usually given or allowed in the said Port of London, and measured into any Lighter, Barge, or other .Craft, to be measured by the Buftiel Measure, save and except at the Desire of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, his, her, pr their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons aAing by his, her, or their Authority, expressed to the Vender or Venders of such Coali, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servant*, Carman or Carmen, delivering such Coals.

LV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever any Coals sold as and for Pool Measure shall be delivered into the Cellar or other Premises of the Buyer or Buyers, Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, within any Place or Places in the City of London, or between the Tower of London and Limehouse Hole in the County of Middlesex, or within the City and Liberty of Westminster, or within that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, or within either of the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields or Saint Marj-ie-Bone, or in such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holbornas lies in the County of Middlesex, or within the several Parishes lying between Putney and Saint Mary Rotherhithe, both inclusive, in the County of Surry, and in case the Buyer or Buyers, Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or other Person or Persons a ding by or under his, her, or their Authority, shall not have required a Remeasurement thereof from the Carman or other Person employed by the Vender or Venders thereof, previous to the Delivery of any Part thereof, then and in every Inch Cale the Vender or Venders thereof shall not, on such Remeasurement thereof in such Cellar or other Premift3, in case the same (hidlbe found deficient, without other Evidence besides such Remeasurement to prove such Deficiency, be subject or liable, to the Penalty of one hundred Pounds, mentioned in an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That from and aft£f the said first Day of 0Sober, any Carman or Driver of any Cart, Waggon, or#other Carriage laden with Cokis fdr Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers by the Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in such Goah, from arty Ship, Vessel, ' Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place within the said Port of London, or

43 Geo. III. 7 S within

1233

Carmen shall nteasure one Sack in each I.o. fl of Coals, if required.

Penalty on Vender for Deficiency, 40*. per Sack.

DimrnfionJof

Sacks.

Coal* may he conveyed in Bulk.

Pool Measure Coals shall not l^e remeasured unless desired by the Purchaser.

Evidence to subject Persons felling Coals for Pool Measure to Penalty of iooJ. under 30.*. c. 26.

Penalty cn Carmen driving Coals away.without measuring.

I234

rot exceeding lol. on Carman and Vender, and Forfeiture of Coals.

Court of Aldermen may make Rye Laws to regulate the Mirket.

The City shall yearly er oftener, lay Accounts before Parliament.

Appeal to the Quarter Sessiona.

C.cxxxiv. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

within the said respective Cities of London and WcRminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Kent, and Essex, as is or are fttuate within the Distance of twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to roeafnre by the said Bushel Measure such Sack of Coals in Manner herein directed, when thereunto required by the Buyer or Buyers of such Coals, or by his, her, or their Servaot or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of such Buyer or Buyers, to be raeafured, or if any such Carman or Driver fh2l drive away, or permit or suffer the said Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage to be driven away without measuring ii> Manner herein directed the said Sack of Coals, or shall hinder, obstruct, or in anywise prevent the Buyer or Buyers of such Coals, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting by virtue of or under the Authority of such Buyer or Buyers, from measuring the said Bushel Measure, or ail or any Sack or Sacks in such his Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, then and in every such Case every such Caiman or Driver so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, and the Vender or Venders of, or the Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, and all such Coals shall be forfeited for the Benefit of the Poor of the Parish where the Person or Persons requiring the same to be measured shall reside, in like Manner as if such Coals had been measured and found deficient in Meafore.

LVII. And be it ferther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, from Time to Time, to make, ordain, and establish such Orders, Rules, and Bye Laws, and from Time to Time to amend, alter, or repeal the fame, or any of them, for the regulating, governing, and managing the said Market, and all Erection3, Buildings, Works, Matters, and Things thereunto belonging, and also for the regulating of all Officers to be employed in such Market, and all other Persons coming thereto or transacting any Business therein, as to the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen shall seem just and reasonable: and also from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to repeal, amend, and alter such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, and also to fix and appoint certain reasonable Penalties or Forfeitures for the Non-observance, or Non-performance, or other Breach of any such Rule, Order, or Bye Law, not exceeding the Sum offive Pounds for any one Offence; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures shall and may be recovered by such Ways and Means as any other Penalties or Forfeitures may be recovered by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that no such Rule, Order, or Bye Law be repugnant to or inconsistent with the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom c<rlled England, or contrary to the Directions and Provisions in this Act contained.

u Such Bye Laws shall be approved and allowed of by one or more of the Judges, §58.; and (Iiall be printed u and pubiiftied by the Court, §59. Common Council empowered to appoint Committees for executing this u Act, §60. Persons interested not eligible on such Committees, §61. Persons not free of the City may be employed by the Committee, §62. Securities for Money borrowed [fee ante, {19, CsV.) shall be entered " in a Book, §63. Chamberlain shall keep Accounts of Receipts and Diffiurfements, §64."

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, shall once in each and every Year, or oftener if required, by before both Houses of Parliament an Account of the Produce of the said Duty of one Halfpenny per Chaldron or Ton hereby granted and made payable, and also of all Receipts and Dtfburfementa received or paid for or on account of such Market for the Sale of Coals, and also aa Account of the Quantity of Coals fold in each and every such Market, and of the Prices thereof.

" Penalties not exceeding 2d. shall be recovered before one Justice of the Peace within two Mouths after M Offence: on Failure of Payment Imprisonment from six Months to 14 Days, unless Penalty paid, Half to " the Informer and Half to the King, or by Direction of Justices to Purposes of this Act, §66. Penalties " above 20l. shall be recovered in Courts at Westminster within six Months, Half to Informer, and Half M to the King, §67. Distresscs not unbwful for Want of Form; nor Parties deemed Trespasser ah initio, §68. " Form of Conviction, §69."

I/XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons so convicted by any Justice or Justices of the Peace as before mentioned, of any Offence or Offences against this Act, or against any Rule, Order, or Bye Law made in pursuance thereof, within four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions to be holden for the County, City, or Place where the Matter of Appeal shall arise, first giving ten Days* Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons appealed against, and of the Matter thereof 5 ana within two Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of he Peace for such County, City, or Place, with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and for abiding the Determination of the Court therein; and such Justice9, shall, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given and Recognizance entered into, bear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and may cither confirm or quash and annul the said Conviction, and award such Cods to either Party a9 to them shall seem just and reasonable; and the Decision of the said Justices therein shall be final, binding, and conclusive; and no Proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefa whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere 5 any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof ia anywise notwithstanding.

Plaintiffs shall notjrecover without 21 Days' Notice, nor after Tender of Amends. — Payment into Court, $71. 41 Limitation of Actions for Matters done under this Act, six Months* — Venue in the County. — Double*Costs, J 7a. — Publick Act, # 73."

The

A.D. 1803. 43° GEORGII III. Ccxxxiv. — -cxl. 1235

The SCHEDULE to which this A refers.

PAYMENTS payable to the Deputy Sea Coal or Ship Meters, by Ship Owners, Coal Buyers, or Dealers. '

By the Ship Owner or Owners.

The Sum of three Shillings per Score Chaldrons for working at the Vat, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

The Sum of three Shillings per Day for every Day that the Meter shall be on board of any Ship or Vessel for the Purpose of measuring Coals thereout, in lieu of Provisions and Drink.

The Sum of ten Shillings and Sixpence for travelling Expences, when employed in the Admeasurement of Coals in any Ship or other Vessel below Greenwich, in the County of Kent.

The Sum of one Guinea upon the Delivery for each and every Ship or other Vessel, in the Room of aM Allowances in Coals and all other Gratuities by or on the Behalf of the Ship Owners.

By the Buyer or Buyers of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals.

For making out and delivering to him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, Agent or Agents, a general Bill or Account of the Coals admeasured or delivered out of any Ship or other Vessel on the Account of any Buyer or Buyers or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, for each and every such Bill or Account the several Sums following; that is to say, the Sum of three Pence for any Quantity of Coals less than fifty Chaldrons specified therein; the Sum of Sixpence for any Quantity of Coals specined therein, equal to fifty and less than one hundred Chaldrons; and the Sum of nine Pence for any Quantity of Coals specified therein equal to one hundred Chaldrons and less than two hundred Chaldrons; and for two hundred Chaldrons, and any greater Quantity, the Sum of one Shilling.

Cap. cxxxv.

An Act for vesting the defeended Estates of the most Honourable JVilh late Marquis of Downjh'xre, and Arthur late Marquis of DownJJjire, respectively deceased, in Trustees, in Trull, to be disposed of under the Directions of the High Court of Chancery', for Payment of their respective Debts, (q. P.)

[27th July 1803.]

Cap. cxxxvi.

An Act for appointing new Trustees for the Purposes of certain Settlements made upon and after the Marriage of the Right Honourable Henry Lord Stawell with Mary Cut'zon Spinster, now the Right Honourable Mary Lady Stawell, and for other Purposes. (q. P.) [27th July 1803.]

f&\- 42 G. 3. r. liv.J

Cap. cxxxvii.

An Act for vesting certain Freehold and Leasehold Parcels of Land, and Materials of Building, situate in the Town of Liverpool, devised by the Will of the late James France Esquire, with their Appurtenances in certain Trustees upon Trull, to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Eilatcs, to be settled to like Uses. (q. P.) [27th July 1803.]

Cap. cxxxviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Township of Bailey, in the West Riding of the County of York. (q. P.) [27th July 1803.]

[Commissioners empowered to make Allotments in lieu of Tythes great and small.]

Cap. cxxxix.

An Act to enlarge the Powers of, and explain and amaftd an Act made in the forty-first Year of the Reign [Seejt G. 3. of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for forming, paving, cleansing, righting, Watching, watering, and (U.a.) otherwise improving and keeping in Repair the Streets, Squares, and other ptthUck Passages and Places, which are, Cm «xxi ] and shall he made upon certain Pieces or Plots of Ground in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Right Honourable Ann Dowager Baroness Southampton; and for including therein certain other small Plots of Ground in the said Parish therein described.

[29th July 1803.]

f.Additional Commissioners appointed. — Commissioners may employ Pavtours, &c. who shall not he liable to any A Sion on Stat. 5 Eliz. c. 4. on account of their being so employed. — Optional Power to Inhabitants in Upper Gower Street, &c. to be included in the A3.-]

Cap. cxl.

An Act for improving and rendering more commodious the Port and Harbour of Bristol.

[11th August 1803.]

WHEREAS Ships and Vessels lying at the Quays in the Port and Harbour of Briflolurt, by the Reflux

of the Tide, left dry twice in every twenty-four Hours, which prevents many foreign Vessels, and others of a sharp Construction, from frequenting the said Port and Harbour, and occassions great Injury and

Damage to Vessels using the said Port: And whereas there is not sufficient Depth of Water at Neap Tides in the said Port and Harbour to take Vessels from the Quays down the River Avon to Sea, or bring them

7 S 2 'up

1236 C.cxl. — cxlii. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

Subfciij lion 250, ooool.

Persons fetiing File 10 or damaging the

Works guilty «t Felony.

upon their Return from Voyages; whereby favourable Winds are frequently loft, and great Expences Delays, Damages, and Losses are sustained, to the Hindrance of Commerce, and to the manifest Disadvantage

of the Port and City of Bnftoh And whereas Ships and Vessels lying in the said Port and Harbour of Bristol cannot be removed out of Danger in case of Fire, owing to their being left dry, and very heavy Losses might arise therefrom, and imeafe of Fire among tlje Houses in the said City of Bristol, great Inconvenience and Loss would be experienced from Want olF Water: And whereas the Dangers and Inconveniences before mentioned may in a considerable Degree be remedied by cutting a new Course for the River Avon, on the Somersetshire Side of its present Course, from a certain Place called The Redclif, through Part of the Parishes of Bedminjer in the County of Somerfe/, Saint Mary RedcliJJ, and Tern die, in the City of Bristol, into the present Course of the said River below the high Land at. a certain Place called Totterdown, by erecting a Dam and Overfall across the Avon, at or near the Redcliff aforesaid, by erecting another Dam across the said RiVer Avon at Temple Meads, below the Junction the new and old Course of the River, with a Barge Lock near the said Dam, and by making an Entrance Bason and Locks in Rownham Meads, in that Part of the Parish of Clifton which lies in the City of Bri/lof, and an Entrance Bason and Locks at Trim Mills, between the present and the intended Course for the Avon, by erecting a Dam with convenient Barge Locks, and Sluices across the said River Avon, at or near the Engine Mills between the Parishes of Saint George in the County of Gloucflet', and Brjlingfon in the County of Somerset, and by cutting a Canal, Aqueduct, or Feeder, from, at or near the Engine Mills, through Part of the Parishes of Saint George, and Saint Philip and Jacob, in Gloucestershire, into the present Course of the River Avon below the intended Dam at Temple Meads'. And whereas it will be expedient that the before-mentioned Canal, Aqueduct, or Feeder should be made navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, for the Purposes of preserving and facilitating the Navigation between the Cities of Bristol and Bath x And whereas the several Persons herein after named have entered into a 4 Subscription towards raising the Sum of two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds as a joint Stock or Fund for the Purposes herein after set forth, and for and towards carrying into Execution and completing the several Works herein mentioned: But inasmuch as the Tame cannot be carried into Effect without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; ' may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, &c.

Proprietor united into a Company to be stiled The Bristol Dock Company. — Empowered to raise 50*000l. 44 more, $20. Dividends for first fix Year not to exceed per Cent. and afterwards not to exceed 8 per Cent. §3 r, 3 c. Certain Places without Bristol subjected to Jurisdiction of the Magistrates. See 11 & 12 44 IT. 3. c. 25. for preserving the Navigation of the Rivers Avon and Severn, and 1 W. M. J. I. c. 18. Jr. 44 as to Courts of Conscience in Bristol and Gloucester, §65, &c. Tonnage Duties granted for Ships uung the Docks, §74. And Duties on Merchandize, §75 and Schedules. Tonnage Duty on Goods carried by the Canal, §89."

CII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatever shall wilfully and maliciously set on Fire any of the Works made or to be made by virtue of this Act, or any of the Materials intended for any of the said Works, every such Person or Persons so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony; and every such Felon shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy; and if any Person or Persons shall knowingly, wilfully, or maliciously demolish, break down, cut, or destroy any of the Works hereby directed to be made, or any Ship, Boat, Barge, or Vessel lying in the said Floating Harbour or Canal, then every such Offender or Offenders, being convicted thereof, shall suffer Punishment by Fine, Imprisonment, or Transportation, at the Discretion of the Judge or Judges before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried and convicted.

44 2400l. per Annum may be raised by a Rate on Houses, &t. in Brifol, §119, &V. Common Council may appoint and regulate Pilots, J 128, Company shall puLlish a Statement of their Accounts annually in January, §146."

Cap. cxli.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal to raise Money to discharge their G. 3. Debts, and to complete the Canal, and for explaining and amending the Acts for making and maintaining

the said Canal, and for granting to the said Company further and other Powers. £ 1 ith August C803.J

36 G. 3. c. 70. J £Company empowered to raise 50, 0c c/. by Rates on Proprietors, and further Sum of 10, 0001, by Mortgage, dsV.]

Art 10 G. 1. c. 28. §5.

so far as 1 efperts the City oi Glasgow repealed.

Cap. cxlii.

An Act to enable his Majesty to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre, under certain Restricttons, in the City of GlaJ'g ow.

[1 ith August 1803.]

WHEREAS a licensed Play-House in the City of Glasgow would be of Convenience to the said City and to Persons resorting there : ' May it therefore pfeafe your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act of Parliament which passed in the tenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants into one A3 of Par-9 lament, and for the more effectual punishing such Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and fending9them whither they ought to be fentas relates to common Players of Interludes, whereby all Persons are dit-charged to represent any Entertainments of the Stage whatever in virtue of Letters Patent from his Majesty, or by Licence of the Lord Chamberlain of his Majesty's Household for the Time being, except within the

8 Liberties

C. cxlii — cxliv.

1237

A.D. 1803. 43 GEORGII III.

Liberties of Westminster, or where his Majesty is residing for the Time being, be and the same is hereby repealed so far as the same respects the City of Glasgow, Suburbs, or Neighbourhood thereof; and that it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre or Play-House in the City of Glasgow, Suburbs, or Neighbourhood thereof, subject to such Reflri&ions as to the Number of Persons to be interested therein, and in the Profits thereof, and with such Privileges, and under such Provisions and Regulations for the due and orderly conducting and managing the fame, as to his Majesty shall seem fit.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Theatre or Play-House, and Management thereof, shall be under and subject to the Controul and Inipeclion of the Lord Provoll, Baillics, Dean of Guild, and Deacon Convener of the Trades of the City of Glasgow, and of the Sheriff Depute of the County of Lanark for the Time being.

u Publick Act, §3."

Cap. cxliii.

An Act for altering and enlarging some of the Provisions of an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An 4cl for amending an Act passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking down the (church and Tower belonging to the Parish of Saint John at*Hackney in the County of Middlesex; and for budding another Church and Tower for the Ufs of the said Parish, and for making an additional Cemetery or Church ardp and for raising a further Sunt of Money^for completing the said Church and other Works. [ I Ith August 1803.]

\TruJlees empowered to raise a further Sum of " 3 cd. by Annuities secured on Rates under former Act.2

Cup. cxliv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Beverstone, in the County of Cloussler. (q. P.)

[ 11 th August 1803.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parish of Bcverfone, in the County of Gloucester, certain large Farms, Lands, and Fields, containing together by Estimation two thousand two hundred Acres or thereabouts: And whereas Michael Ihcks Beach Esquire is the Owner or Proprietor of all the said Farms, Lands, and Fields within the said Parish (except certain Pieces of Land called Crabtree Hay, North Hills, and Ash Piece, and containing in the Whole eight Acres or thereabouts, belonging to William Wicker, and the Glebe Lands herein after mentioned): And whereas there are within the said Parish certain Glebe Lands belonging to the Rectory of Beverstone, lying intermixed with the Lands and Fields of the said Michael Hicks Beach, which GLbe Lands arc supposed to contain one hundred Acres or thereabouts: And whereas the King's most Excellent Majesty, in Right of his Crown, is Patron of the Rectory of Beverstone, and Thomas Pctlat Clerk is Rector of the said Rectory, and as such is entitled to the Re&orial House with the Buildings and other Appurtenances belonging thereto, and to the Glebe Lands lying dispersed and intermixed as aforesaid; and the said Thomas Pctlat, as Re£lor as aforesaid, is also entitled to certain inclosed Glebe Lands lying within the said Parish of Beverstone, and to all Tythes whatsoever yearly arising, growing,

or renewing within the same Parish: And whereas an Act was passed in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in one Act certain P rovifons usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating tlx Mode of proving the fevered Falls usually required on the passing of such Acts:

And whereas, by reason of the very dispersed and intermixed State of such Part of the said Glebe Lands as are now ascertained, and of the uncertain Situation of the other Parts thereof, and of the great Inconvenience from Time to Time anting thereby, it would be a considerable Benefit and Convenience as well to the said Michael Hicks Beach and the said William Wicker, as to the said Thonuu Pettat as Rector as aforesaid, and would much improve their said respective Properties, if the fame, and the Lauds and Grounds with which they are intermixed, were divided and allotted, and such Part or Parts thereof as should be set out and allotted in lieu of the said Glebe Lands inclosed; but the same cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Francis Webb of the Close of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, Gentleman, and his Successors, to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned, shall be and he is hereby appointed a Commissioner for the Purpose of setting out, dividing, allotting, and inclosing a specilick Part or Parts of the Lands in the said Parish of Beverstone, in lieQ of the Rector's Right to certain Glebe Lands, and for £fle£ting the other Purposes in him veiled by virtue of this and the said recited Act; subject nevertheless to the Rules, Orders, and Directions, mentioned and contained in the said recited Adfc, except where the same are by this Act varied or altered.

Power to appoint a new Commissioner, §2. Commissioner's Allowance, §3. Notices, f 4, 5."

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall make o*; cause to be made a just* fair, and impartial Admeasurement and Valuation of all the Lands and Fields intended by this Act to be set out, divided, allotted, and inclosed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That when the said Commissioner shall have fully and completely made and settled, or caused to be made and settled, such Admeasurement and Valuation as aforesaid, he shall and is hereby authorized and required to set out and allot unto and for the said Thomas Pettat and his Successors Rectors as aforesaid, such old Inclosures or such Parcel or Parcels of open and uninclosed Lands and Fields in the said Parish of Beverfotic, belonging to the said Michael Hicks Beach, as shall in the Judgment of the said.

His Majesty empowered to grant Letters Patent for licensing a Theatre at Glasgow,

fuLjeft to the Controul of the Magistrates*

: o G. t. c. 71. 35 G. 3. c. 70.

Commifii t^er appointed.

Admeasurement and Valuation to be made.

Allotment to Re^lor for Glebe.

C. cxliv. 43° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

said Commissioner be a full Equivalent and Compensation for the Whole of the said dispersed add intermixed Glebe Lands, and also for all or any Part of the said inclosed Glebe Lands.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Land so to be set out and allotted to the said Rector as aforesaid, shall be situate as near as may be to the Rectory House of Beverstone aforesaid; and that no such Allotment or Allotments shall be made in lieu of the said inclosed Glebe Lands, or any Part thereof, without the Consent of the said Michael Hicks Beach, his Heirs or Assigns, and the Re dor of the said Rectory of Beverstone for the Time being, testified by their signing the said Award of the said Commissioner, or some other Writing or Writings for that Purpose, and also of the Lord Dilhop of Gloucester for the Time being, testified by Writing under his Hand. lt-

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Allotment, Parcel or Parcels of Land, so to be set out and allotted to the said Rector and his Successors as aforesaid, shall be inclosed and fenced on the Outward Boundaries thereof, and on such Part and Parts as are not already fenced, with such Materials and in such Manner as the said Commissioner shall by Writing under his Hand, or by his said Award order or direct; and shall be sub-divided by such Fenced and in such Manner as aforesaid, into several Inclosures, as equal in Size as may be, so that no such Subdivision shall exceed twenty-five Acres; and that such respective Outward and Subdivision Fences shall be made and completed by and at the Expence, Colls, and Charges of the said Michael Hicks Beach, at such Times and in such Manner as the said Commissioner shall by such Writing as aforesaid, or by his said Award, order and direct; and in case any of the said Outward or Boundary Fences shall consist of Quick Hedges, the same shall be kept in Repair and be proteced and maintained for the Term of seven Years from the Date of the said Award, by and at the Expence of the said Michael Hicks Beach % his Heirs or A(-signs; and that all other Fences of Lands which shall be so set out and allotted to the said Rector, shall aftei the making thereof be for ever maintained and kept in Repair by the Rector for the Time being of the said Rectory of Beverstone. 1

" Allotments of the Residue, §10, 11."

XII. ' And whereas it is expedient that all Tythes, both Great and Small, and all Dues in lieu of such Tythes arising and renewing out of, in, or upon the several Estates, Lands, and Grounds within the said Parish of Beverstone, should be abolished and extinguished, and that in lieu thereof a full and adequate Compensation and Satisfaction should be made, directed, appointed, and awarded unto and for the Rector of the be«said Rectory of Beverstone for the Time being be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to make or cause to be made a Valuation of all the Tythes, both Great and Small, and Dues in lieu of Tythes due and payable within the said Parish, to the Rector of the said Rectory of Sever-ce Jloneaccording to their real, just, and intrinsick Value; and after making such Valuation, the said Commissioner shall ascertain from the London Gazette, or such other Ways or Means as he shall think proper, what hath been the Average Price of good Marketable Wheat in the said County of Gloucester, during the Term j of twenty Years next preceding the passing of this Act, and shall in and by his said Award distinctly ascertain and set forth what Quantity of such Wheat shall in his Judgment, according to such Average Price as aforesaid, be equal in Value to all the Tythes both Great and Small, and Dues in lieu of Tythes, arising and renewing, due and payable as aforesaid out of the respective Estates, Lands, and Grounds within the rarish, belonging to each respective Proprietor, according to the Valuation to be made as aforesaid; and shall also by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath the said Commissioner is hereby empowered to administer), and by other proper and sufficient Evidences and Information, esquire and ascertain what Proportion of the said Tythes and Dues in lieu of Tythes hath been paid or is due and payable as aforesaid unto the Rector of the said Rectory of Beverstone, and from what particular Estates, Lands, and Grounds the lame hath been paid or is respectively due and payable as aforesaid.

>ney

XIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid and payable from Time to Time for ever to the^Rector of the said Reflory of Beverstone for the Time being, such respective yearly Rents or Sums of Money

j>e out of the several Estates, Lands, and Grounds belonging to the several Proprietors within the said Parish of

of Beverstone, as shall be equal in Value to the Quantity of Wheat so to be ascertained and set forth as aforesaid; which said respective yearly Rents or Sums ot Money shall be and are hereby declared to be in lieu of and in full Bar, Satisfaction, Compensation, and Extinguishment of and for all Tythes, and all Proportions of Tythes both Great and Small, and all Dues in lieu of such Tythes, now arising or to arise as aforesaid, and become due and payable out of all Estates, Lands, and Grounds within the said Parish of Beverstone, to the Rector of the said Rectory of Bever/lone (except the usual and accustomed Surplice Fee9, Easter Offerings, and Mor-d* tuaries); and the said respective yearly Rents or Sums of Money shall be payable and paid to the Rector of the said Rectory at the Rectory or Parsonage House, or at such Place or Places within the said Parish, or within four Miles therefrom, as the Rector of the said Rectory for the Time being shall appoint, by two even half-yearly Payments in every Year for ever, (that is to say) on the twenty-firth Day of March and - the twenty-ninth Day of September, the first Payment thereof to grow due and be made on such of the said Days as the said Commissioner shall in and by his said Award, or by any other Writing or Writings under his Hand, .order and direct; and all Tythes both Great and Small, and Dues in lieu of such Tythes arising or renewing out of the said several Estates, Lands, and Grounds, or to arise as aforesaid within the said Parish, and due or payable to the Rector of the said Rectory of Beverstone, shall cease and be for ever extinguished and abo-iished at such Time as the said Commissioner shall in and by his said Award, or other Writing or Writing under his Hand, order and direct.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful as well for the Rector of the said Rectory of Be-r verstone for the Time being, as also for a Majority in Value of the Proprietors of the Estates, Lands, and Grounds within the said Parish of Beverstone for the Time being, at any Time after the Expiration of fourteen

A.D. 1803.

43° GEORGII III. C.cxliv. — cxlvii.

Years from the Day to be fixed by the said Commissioner as aforesaid for the first Payment of the said yearly Rents or Sums of Money, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to apply to the Justices at any Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Gloucester (first giving Notice in Writing to the other Party or Parties, at lead three Calendar Months before such Application of Hie or their Inten* t»on so to do), to have the Average Price of Wheat again enquired of and ascertained; and the said Justices shall and they are hereby authorized and required, the same or at the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County, to enquire into and ascertain, by or from or by means of the London Garuttey so long as the Returns of the Average Price of Corn and Grain shall be published therein; and in case of no such Publication, then by such other Ways and Means as they shall think equitable or proper, the Average Price of good Marketable Wheat within the said County of Gloucester for the Term of fourteen Years, next preceding such Application; and after such Average Price shall have been so ascertained and fixed, the Amount of all future Payments of the said respectively yearly Rents or Sums of Money in lieu of Tythes as herein-before mentioned, shall be equal in Value to the said Quantity of Wheat, according to the Average Price which shall have been last ascertained and fixed by the said Court of Quarter Sessions in Manner aforesaid; and so from Time to Time as often as any Application shall be made as aforesaid, but no such Application shall be made before the Expiration of fourteen Years from the Time any such Average Price shall have been last ascertained and fixed in pursuance of this Act; and the Red or of the said Rectory of Beverfone for the Time being, and his Lessee shall and may have and exercise such and the same Powers and Remedies for recovering the said yearly Rents or Sums of Money, when the same shall be in Arrear, together with all Costs and Charges thereby to be incurred, as by Law are provided and given to Landlords for Recovery of Fee Farm or Rack Rents in Arrear, and all Lands and Estates charged with the said yearly Rents or Sums of Money, shall always remain liable to the Payment of all Arrears thereof respectively, notwithstanding they may be in the Occupation of a new Owner or Tenant.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Owner of each and every Estate in the said Parish of Beverfone for the Time being, upon a Division thereof, either by Sale, Devise, or otherwise, to apportion and charge each and every Part of the Estate so divided with a due and fair Proportion of the said yearly Tythe Rents: Provided in every such Division, due Regard be had to the Quantity of Acres in, and the Kate by the Acre to be ascertained by the said Commissioner, upon the Whole or any Part of such Estate; and that each and every Division be made to bear a fair and just Proportion of the said yearly Tythe Rent so ascertained by the said Commissioner as near as may be, and as the Power of recovering the Arrears of the said yearly Tythe Rents 19 herein-before extended to the Whole of each and every Estate, the said Power shall continue and remain the fame, until a Division of the Estate and Apportionment of the said yearly Tythe Rents shall be made known to the Rector of the said Rectory for the Time being, by a Notice thereof in Writing from the Parties, and after such Notice the said Power of Distref3 and Recovery of Rents so apportioned and being in Arrear, shall be upon each and every Division so made in the like Manner, as it is in ana by this Act rested upon the Whole of each of the Estates so divided as aforesaid.

XVI. 4 And in order to prevent any Difficulty or Inconvenience to the said Rector and his Successors, by the Division of any Estate by Sale or otherwise, and to facilitate the future Regulation of the said yearly

Tythe Rents; be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby required to make, or cause to be made, two complete Schedules or Descriptions of each and every Allotment and Parcel of ancient Inclosure, with the Name of the Owner thereof, the exact Measure in Statute Acres, Roods, and Perches, the yearlyTvthe Rents issuing out of each respectively, and the Quantity of Wheat, in Bushels and decimal Parts of a Bufncl, which is to govern each of the said future yearly Tythe Kents payable to the said Rector, and the Rate by the Acre by which the said yearly Tythe Rents shall De charged as aforesaid, and such other Requi-sites as shall be judged to be proper or necessary by the said Commissioner to render every Matter respecting the said yearly Tytne Rents clear and plain in future 5 which said Schedules or Descriptions shall be signed by the said Commissioner, and one deposited in the Registry of the Bishop of Gloucester, and the other annexed to the Award of the said Commissioner.

Cap. cxlv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor, Rectory, or Rectory Manor and Township of Dewsbury, in the West Riding of the County of York. (q. P.) filth August 1803.]

[Commissioners empowered to make Allotment of Land in Compensation for vicarial or Small Tythes.]

Cap. cxlvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Fields, Liberties, and Precincts of Wroxton and Balfeoty in the Parish of Wroxton, in the County of Oxford. (q. P.) [1 ith August 1803.]

[Commissioners empowered to make Allotment of Land in Compensation for all Tythes.]

Power to Rt&or for recovering Rents.

A Proportion to be paid up to the Cefl)oi), Scc* of Redtoi.

Rents may It

apportioned.

Schedules to be made of Allotments, and the Rents ifilling oeu of them refrec-tively, and of the R ue per Acit, SiL.

Cap. cxlvii.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as 4 G. 3. c. 40. relates to the lighting the Streets and Places within the Borough and Soke of Doncafierf in the County of York; and for more effectually lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the said Borough, and for preventing Nuisances therein. [izus August 1803.]

See ji C. 42 G.

See 41 G. 42 G.

41 G. j.

42 G.

43 G. 3. c. 40

ADDENDA et CORRIGENDA (in this Volume.)

3. (U.K.)c. 8. z8. 87.^89.

3 — ' H- 38* 43* 94 & 95-

3. (U.K.) c. 9. 40. 62. 69. £#71. 3. c. 34. 37 £* 100.

S The Duties of Customs and Excise under those Acts \ have ceased, and are consolidated in the General I Duties contained in the Customs and Excise t Consolidation-Acts, 43 G. 3. c. 68, 69.

'The Duties, Exemptions, and Regulations under these Acts are repealed: See 43 G. 3. c. 161 for consolidating the Assessed Taxes, and c. 99 & 150, for consolidating the Regulations in England and Scotland respectively.

(U.K.) c. 19. Title, Line 7, for <twenty-fifth* read 'fifth'

c. 22. §37, in Note; for 39 & 40 G. 3. r. 3.' read ' 41 G. 3. (G. -5.) r. 8.'

c. 40. Line 2 of the Act for ' limiting* read ' limited'

c. 50. $ 1. the first Note; for ' c. 15' read ' r. 25'

c. 51. $ 1. Note; for 'r. 15' read 'r. 115'

c. 75. $ i. Note; after'23 & 24 G. 3.'add 'e. 53'

r. 90. §43. Line 7. for ' within twelve Months' read ' twelve Months at the leafP This Amendment is made by 43 G. 3. c. 10. c. 93. $ 14* Line 11, for 'one hundred Pounds' read 'one thousand Pounds' This Amendment is made by 43 G. 3. c. 130. §1.

---

43 G. 3. c. 8. Note; after '21 & 22 G. 3. c. 29' add 'continuing 17, 18 G. 3. c. 32.'

c. 125. Line 1. of the abridged Statement of the Act 5; for 'that express Provision' read 'that no express Provision'

[Index removed.]

END OF THE FIRST VOLUME.

Printed by Eyre and Strahan, His Majesty's Printers.

